Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the cruel and indefensible termination of the DACA program. Since its launch in 2012, DACA has helped hundreds of thousands of young people come out of the shadows with-out the fear of being separated from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.000 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6658 September 6, 2017 
their loved ones and sent away from the only country they call home. Many of these children came as infants, growing up in the same playgrounds, schools, and neighborhoods as our own kids. The President’s decision targets mil-lions of young people who contribute to our society, economy, and national identity every day. In New Jersey alone, there are over 22,000 DACA re-cipients who pay $66 million in State and local taxes every year. The emotional and economic impact of their deportation will be dev-astating, and New Jersey could lose $1.58 billion annually in GDP. America was built on the hard work of immigrants and our diversity is part of the foundation of our Nation. It is long past due for Congress to step up and protect the millions of families that will be torn apart because of this inhumane decision. We must protect DACA and pass legislation to fix our broken immigration system. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MINNESOTA’S FE-MALE TRACK AND FIELD ATH-LETE OF THE YEAR BY GATORADE (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding ath-lete from my district who was recently named Minnesota’s Female Track and Field Athlete of the Year by Gatorade. Anna Keefer, a 2017 graduate of St. Michael-Albertville High School, was chosen for this award due to her im-pressive ability on the track and the excellence she exudes in every aspect of her life. Anna is a sprinter and jumper. Her accolades include three individual State titles at the Minnesota State High School League AA State Cham-pionship meet. She holds the all-time State record in the long jump. Anna also helped bring home the track team championship title to St. Michael- Albertville at the 2017 State meet. In addition to recognizing Anna with this award, Gatorade also donated a $1,000 grant in Anna’s name to a non-profit of her choice. It gave the grant to the STMA Stallions, a local Special Olympics team, because of her friend-ships with some of the members on the team. Anna is attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill this fall and plans to compete on the track team. We can’t wait to see what she ac-complishes next. Anna, all of us in Minnesota are so proud of you, and we wish you all the best in your future. 
f 
RETURN TO CHAOS (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we return to Capitol Hill amidst chaos— wildfires in the West, choking smoke in my community, the cruelty of 800,000 young people having their lives turned upside down unnecessarily by Trump yesterday, and we are dancing with the debt ceiling chaos with the world econ-omy. All are made unnecessarily worse. Even Harvey was predictable due to government action and inaction. Congress should stop pretending these things are beyond our control. A majority of Congress would treat young DREAMers, fairly if given a right to vote for it on the floor of the House. We should fund disaster prevention, including forest fires, and stop sub-sidizing more floods, and not play un-necessary games with the world econ-omy, pretending we won’t pay for money we have already spent. In the end, we will probably spend the next 3 weeks setting up the next crisis later in the year. Isn’t it time that Congress stop play-ing the victim and take charge? f 
RECOGNIZING CRITICAL ACCESS HOSPITALS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowl-edge the outstanding performance of Pennsylvania’s critical access hos-pitals. Before I was elected to serve in the House of Representatives, I spent near-ly 30 years in the healthcare field. I am most proud to see Pennsylvania recog-nized in the top 10 States by the Health Resources and Services Administration for quality performance. With the help of funding from the Federal Office of Rural Health Policy, Pennsylvania’s critical access hos-pitals are able to invest in quality im-provement projects and new technical assistance resources to better care for their patients. Pennsylvania is home to 15 critical access hospitals that provide service to the most rural areas in our State. Since 1991, the Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health has dedicated its efforts to ensure that these hospitals con-stantly improve the quality of care they provide to their patients. Rural hospitals are critically impor-tant to our communities. They may be limited in resources, but they are com-mitted to providing the best care pos-sible to patients. I am proud of our Pennsylvania crit-ical access hospitals, and I congratu-late them on this national recognition. 
f 
PROTECT DACA (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in strong support of the DACA program. Since the announcement of the end of this important program, I have heard from countless DREAMers who, in a word, are terrified. These are young people who are brought to our country as children and are now living, study-ing, and working in our communities. One constituent’s story, in par-ticular, has stayed with me. This young woman was brought to our coun-try at the age of 5. America is the only home she has ever known. She was raised in San Diego, edu-cated in San Diego, and now works in San Diego helping other immigrants transition more seamlessly into our so-ciety. The administration’s decision to end DACA is a broken promise to her, the 40,000 DREAMers in San Diego, and the 800,000 DREAMers across the country. But even in the face of this betrayal, she called on us to ‘‘act with love and lead with inclusion.’’ With this call to action in mind, I hope my colleagues commit to pro-tecting the DACA program and DREAMers. f 
REMEMBERING SERGEANT STEVE PEREZ (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as Hurricane Harvey rampaged across Texas, the heavens opened up and 50 inches of rain hammered down on the Houston area. After 2 days of hard rain, on August 27, 60-year-old Houston Police Officer Sergeant Steve Perez got up, as he does every morning, put on the badge, the shield over his heart, and began to drive to work to help rescue flood vic-tims. It was dangerous. The flood-waters were high and constantly rising. People’s homes and businesses were flooding. Perez’s wife even asked him not to go that day. But, Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Perez knew the people of Houston were counting on him. He made a wrong turn when he was headed to work, fighting the flooded streets. Because of that, the 34-year veteran of the force, Sergeant Perez, died in the floodwaters. He gave his life for the thin blue line, the line that pro-tects and serves the rest of us. Officers like Sergeant Perez are just a cut above the rest of us. They will-ingly put themselves into harm’s way for their communities, and their motto is to protect and to serve. Houston will remember Texas law-man Sergeant Perez as one of their own, putting his life on the line during one of the worst natural disasters in Texas history. Next week, as hundreds of officers from all over the State of Texas and other States stand in silence, taps will be played for the end of watch for Ser-geant Perez. Sergeant Perez is one of the rare breed—the Texas breed of law officers that sacrifice for the rest of us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.003 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6659 September 6, 2017 
While we mourn the loss of Sergeant Perez, we thank the good Lord that such men ever lived. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
NATIONAL AUCTIONEERS DAY (Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, first off, I want the folks in Texas and Louisiana to know that South Carolina continues to pray for the folks that live in the affected areas, and all of the States that are facing a potential hurricane. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express support for designation of the first Saturday of May as National Auctioneers Day and the preceding week as National Auc-tioneers Week. Auctioneering is one of history’s oldest professions. I was an auctioneer for 16-plus years before coming to Congress. As an auc-tioneer, I saw firsthand the purest form of buying and selling. Auctions bring buyers and sellers together where the highest price is established through competitive bidding. Auctions continue to be the fairest, most transparent and effective means of establishing fair market value. The National Auctioneers Associa-tion and its members strive to advance the auction method of marketing and uphold the highest standards of profes-sionalism in serving the American pub-lic. These professionals are proud businessowners who support their com-munities. For more than 40 years, National Auctioneers Day has been observed by State and local governments and pri-vate organizations across the U.S. The designation of National Auctioneers Day and National Auctioneers Week will heighten the public awareness of the contributions made by auction pro-fessionals to our Nation’s history and economy. Mr. Speaker, I call upon the House of Representatives to support this des-ignation and America’s auctioneers. 
f 
b1015 GROWING OUR NAVY (Mr. GALLAGHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again emphasize the urgent imperative of growing our Navy to 355 ships. This body is now on record in support of a 355-ship Navy, and the recent tragedies at sea only serve to re-inforce the inadequate capacity of our current fleet. While the size of our Navy has shrunk from over 500 ships at the end of the Cold War to less than 280 ships today, the demand for deployed ships has remained relatively constant be-tween 85 and 100. This steady demand on the fleet, cou-pled with tight budgets and habitually underfunded maintenance counts, has taken a serious toll on our sailors. Growing the fleet is no easy task. It will take constant leadership and at-tention. In his confirmation hearing, Secretary Spencer rightly spoke about creative levers the Navy could pull to get to 355, including bringing ships out of the ready reserve, yet we need more urgency, we need that sense of urgency that Secretary Spencer talked about in his mission, vision, and priorities docu-ment. This must extend to growing the fleet as quickly as is practical. Every day, month, and budget year that goes by without significant progress to-wards 355 makes this urgent require-ment that much less likely to mate-rialize. Mr. Speaker, there is not a moment to lose. We must make growing the fleet our number one priority. f 
RECOGNIZING GIANA ZAMBELLI AND OLIVIA CAMERON (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Giana Zambelli and Olivia Cameron. These two 9-year- old girls from Bensalem, Pennsylvania, spend their free time running a local Kool-Aid stand which they call Kool- Aid for Kenny. The proceeds from their sales benefit the Kenneth Hopkins Memorial Schol-arship Fund created in 2016, to award students currently pursuing a career in emergency services. Mr. Speaker, Ken Hopkins was an emergency medical technician with the Bucks County Rescue Squad and a vol-unteer firefighter with the Croydon Fire Department. He passed away in June 2016, after struggling with post- traumatic stress disorder from his time serving our community and saving lives as a first responder. Mr. Speaker, the selfless acts of Giana and Olivia are truly inspiring to all of us. Their remarkable work con-tinues to make Ken’s dream a reality in the hopes that others continue to save lives and help those in need, just as Ken Hopkins did his entire life. Ken, Giana, and Olivia are an inspira-tion to our entire community. 
f 
FREEDOM IN EASTERN EUROPE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong cold warrior pro-moting victory over communism, it was a dream come true to lead a bipar-tisan delegation to Eastern Europe in early August reaffirming America’s commitment to our new NATO allies in the European Reassurance Initiative. We know that peace through strength will be successful. The vision of Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan has been achieved. Visiting with military and govern-ment leaders in Romania, Bulgaria, Latvia, Lithuania, Georgia, and Po-land, we saw dynamic and prospering American allies achieving world-class defensive capabilities with their profes-sional military fully equipped with the latest technologies. In both Warsaw and Tbilisi, Presi-dent Donald Trump and Vice President MIKEPENCE made it clear America will protect these new democracies. I was inspired as an election observer in Bulgaria in 1990, and have seen this country evolve from totalitarianism to the now dedicated democracy led by Prime Minister Boyko Borissov. I was grateful to be accompanied by my youngest son, Hunter, an Afghani-stan veteran, as we witnessed freedom in these countries in stark contrast to the year Hunter was born in 1987, when all six countries were enemies to the United States and were suffering under communist dictatorships. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
EMERGENCY FUNDING FOR HURRICANE HARVEY (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the hun-dreds of thousands of victims of Hurri-cane Harvey in Houston and Harris County and throughout Texas and call on Congress to immediately pass emer-gency funding to help victims with this unprecedented disaster. Our district in east side, north side, and southeast side Houston, Harris County, is familiar with hurricanes and tropical storms. We were hit hard by Allison in 2001, again by Hurricane Ike in 2008. Harvey’s destruction is beyond any-thing witnessed in living memory in Texas, flooding over 100,000 homes in Harris County alone, killing at least 60 people, 12 innocent victims in our own district. Countless lives in Houston and along the Gulf Coast have been on hold: fami-lies who cannot return to their flooded homes, children whose schools are damaged, mothers and fathers who can’t get back to work. I urge my colleagues to vote for this critical emergency funding bill today that will help the people of Houston and Harris County and Texas on the road to recovery. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GEORGIA MJARTAN (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Georgia Mjartan of Little Rock. She is the executive director of Our House and is stepping down after 12 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.034 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6660 September 6, 2017 
During her 12 years at Our House, Georgia was named ‘‘Nonprofit Execu-tive of the Year’’ in 2011 and Our House was named ‘‘Nonprofit Organization of the Year’’ in 2015. Under her leadership, Our House has seen extraordinary growth and plays an important role in our community, serving those who find themselves homeless or near homeless, while pro-viding life skills, resources, and serv-ices to overcome their situation. Our House empowers residents to succeed in the workforce, in school, and in life through hard work, smart choices, and community involvement. Our House will continue to thrive. Georgia is a pillar of the community. She is a loving wife, mom, foster and adoptive parent of three beautiful chil-dren. I am proud to call her friend, and I wish her the best of luck as she relo-cates from Arkansas to South Caro-lina. 
f 
THE NATIONAL MEDIA HAS LOST OUR TRUST (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the American people have lost faith in the liberal national media, and we know why. They tell the American peo-ple what to think rather than report the facts in an unbiased manner. A new NBC Marist Poll revealed that two-thirds of Americans trust the media not very much or not at all. A Morning Consult/Politico poll found that 41 percent of registered voters have more trust in their local news outlets than the national media to re-port the truth, compared to only 27 percent who said the national media. And a Quinnipiac poll showed that an astounding 55 percent of Americans disapprove of the way the news media covers President Trump. The national media’s endless drum-beat of negative coverage of the Trump administration has come with a cost: the loss of trust of the American peo-ple. If the media want to improve their credibility, they should report the news fairly and without bias. 
f 
HONORING PETTY OFFICER LOGAN PALMER (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the serv-ice and sacrifice of Petty Officer Logan Palmer from Decatur, Illinois. Logan knew early on that he wanted to serve his country. He was an Eagle Scout and an active member of Life Foursquare Church. After he graduated from Sangamon Valley High School and Richland Com-munity College, he enlisted in the Navy as an interior communications electrician. In the Navy, Logan earned the National Defense Service Medal. Although I never had the honor of meeting Petty Officer Logan Palmer, his family remembers him as a com-mitted sailor, a loving son, and a brother. Petty Officer Logan Palmer died serving and protecting our country, and for that, we remain eternally grateful. This accident is a grave reminder of the risks our servicemembers and their families take on each day. I continue to pray for Logan’s parents, Theresa and Sid, his brothers Austin and Kaleb, his sister Mattie, and all those who knew and loved Logan. f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB REDFORD (Mr. ESTES of Kansas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in tribute to Bob Redford, who founded the Walnut Valley Fes-tival in the Fourth District of Kansas back in 1972, and served more than 40 years as its president. Bob Redford passed away in December of last year. Bob Redford’s dedication to live music resulted in this legendary event, which is one of the longest running music festivals in U.S. history. For 46 years, pickers and music lovers have journeyed to this special place on the Kansas plains to celebrate life with music. Bob Redford gave so much to the community in Cowley County and dedi-cated years of service to leading and promoting this iconic festival that has become known as Pickers Paradise. There is no place on earth like the Walnut Valley Festival, which is home to national and international instru-ment championship contests and where thousands return year after year to ex-perience outstanding live music, in the grandstands, performed by world fa-mous musicians, along with legendary campground jams. Bob Redford’s legacy lives in the community of musicians and music lovers from around the world, who will gather next weekend in the pecan grove along the Walnut River in Win-field, Kansas, for the 46th Annual Wal-nut Valley Festival. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 6, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 6, 2017, at 9:16 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1107. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 502) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendments to H.R. 601, with an amendment. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 502 Resolved, That upon the adoption of this resolution the House shall be considered to have taken from the Speaker’s table the bill, H.R. 601, with the Senate amendments there-to, and to have— (1) concurred in the Senate amendments numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8; and (2) concurred in the Senate amendment numbered 6 with the following amendment: In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by Senate amendment numbered 6, in-sert the following: ‘‘(C) there is the greatest opportunity to reduce childhood and adolescence exposure to or engagement in violent extremism or extremist ideologies.’’. DIVISION B—DISASTER RELIEF APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for disaster relief for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,400,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount designated under this heading as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subse-quently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.007 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6661 September 6, 2017 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 
DISASTER LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Disaster Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of di-rect loans authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $450,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That up to $225,000,000 may be transferred to and merged with ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the dis-aster loan program authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used for indirect admin-istrative expenses: Provided further, That the amount provided under this heading is des-ignated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount designated under this heading as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subse-quently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H. Res. 502. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present H. Res. 502, a resolution making emer-gency appropriations to allow the Fed-eral Government to continue the vital response and recovery efforts that are helping the hundreds of thousands of victims of Hurricane Harvey. Our thoughts go out to all the people of Texas and Louisiana who are coping with the aftermath of this storm and its catastrophic flooding. As one of the Nation’s greatest na-tional disasters continues to unfold be-fore our eyes, this Congress must en-sure that our Federal Government is able to meet the short and long-term needs of disaster victims. I believe that every type of resource ought to be utilized to support rescue, relief, and recovery efforts. I want to reassure the people of Texas and Lou-isiana that we are there for them in their time of greatest need. The House Appropriations Com-mittee has already approved a $1 bil-lion reprogramming request for FEMA last week, which has allowed the agen-cy to continue to meet the most imme-diate needs in the region. It has become clear that, in the face of a disaster of such magnitude, much more is needed to assist these states and local communities as they recover and rebuild. Last Friday, we received the admin-istration’s initial request for supple-mental funding for Hurricane Harvey. We are grateful for the speed of this re-quest, and, recognizing the urgency of the situation, we brought this resolu-tion to the floor today. H. Res. 502 contains $7.4 billion for FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund, which will allow FEMA to continue its efforts related to Harvey as well as any addi-tional disasters that may strike. H. Res. 502 also includes $450 million to support the Small Business Adminis-tration’s disaster loan program that will help small businesses and home-owners come back from the disasters. Working closely with the Texas and Louisiana members, the Appropria-tions Committee has done its due dili-gence to guarantee that this funding will make best use of taxpayers’ dol-lars. b1030 I want to thank all of our Federal agencies, first responders from around the Nation, the thousands of volun-teers who immediately responded, and all those who have been working tire-lessly to make sure that we meet the needs of the people of Texas and Lou-isiana. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the devastation in Texas and Louisiana from Hurricane Harvey warrants swift congressional action. I am pleased we are here today to ensure that FEMA can continue to support the States affected by this dis-aster. The $7.4 billion for FEMA and $450 million for the Small Business Admin-istration in H. Res. 502 are only a first step in a long process that will require a long-term Federal presence. I represent areas, Mr. Speaker, af-fected by Superstorm Sandy and under-stand, firsthand, the need for Federal intervention when storms overwhelm State and local capacity. Following Sandy, the last administration re-quested and Congress approved funding for resiliency to ensure that future generations can mitigate the damage from storms that have grown in inten-sity. We can argue about the effects of cli-mate change on storms, but we must all agree that our communities must receive much-needed mitigation fund-ing to protect lives and livelihoods in future storms and to prevent more costly damage. Despite the fact that some of the Representatives for areas affected by Hurricane Harvey heavily criticized and voted against the assistance pro-vided in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, I wholeheartedly support the funding in this resolution and expect a much larger request from the adminis-tration, including funding to mitigate damage from future storms. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), the chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the supplemental funding for Hurricane Harvey relief. H. Res. 502 totals $7.85 billion in emer-gency funding, including $7.4 billion for FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund. This supplemental funding is a necessary first step toward assisting our commu-nities in immediate need. However, rebuilding and recovering from the devastation of Hurricane Har-vey will continue to require further re-sources and really hard work. I will continue to work closely alongside my colleagues in the Texas delegation, the Louisiana delegation, and the Appro-priations Committee to meet the needs of our neighbors in the southeastern part of our State. My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by this devastating storm. Colleagues, I encourage each and every one of you to vote for this. H. Res. 502 is focused on addressing the immediate needs of those affected by Hurricane Harvey. It sends them a powerful message: that we are here and we are here for them, and we will be working hard for them throughout this recovery. Just this morning, I saw another newsman standing waist-deep in water in Houston as it continues to recede. Let’s cast our vote properly and start the recovery for the southeastern part of Texas and the western part of Lou-isiana. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), a member of the Appropriations Com-mittee. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the ranking member for yielding her time, for her leadership, and for all the work she has done, and also our chairman, Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN , for his leadership, and Chair-man J
OHNCARTER , one of our Texans, for bringing this important resolution to the floor. This funding will help FEMA, which is running out of money, provide the immediate recovery and relief that we need in Texas and Louisiana. It is only a downpayment. Normally, in rain events, we measure water in inches; during Hurricane Har-vey, we measured it in feet. At the end, there were over 19 trillion gallons of water on the ground. Hurricane Harvey killed at least 60 people, including Alonso Guillen, a DREAMer who drove over 100 miles to help rescue by boat those who first re-sponders couldn’t reach. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.002 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6662 September 6, 2017 
Those who were evacuated will soon come home to find their homes and their memories left behind in ruin by the floodwaters. The cost of the total damages will be in the billions. Many losses, however, will be priceless: pic-tures of family weddings, kids’ soccer games, children’s favorite toy, a daugh-ter’s prom dress, or an antique that has been passed through generations. Yet, many heroes stepped up to open up their homes, their churches, and their businesses to house those evac-uees. Those efforts highlight the fact that this is not a natural disaster, but it is a national disaster, and it requires a response. I quickly want to thank the first re-sponders and others at the local, State, and Federal levels who bravely and selflessly provided assistance, includ-ing our friends to the south, Mexico, that are sending over trucks and trucks of assistance. Today, we stand together not as Democrats or Republicans, but as Americans. We speak in one voice, and we stand with Houston, east Texas, and Louisiana as we continue to do the res-cue and the recovery. And as Hurricane Irma comes over to Florida and the Southeast, we, again, stand together as Americans, one team. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, in light of this unprecedented natural dis-aster in Houston and Louisiana, along the Gulf Coast, I want to urge my col-leagues to provide the resources nec-essary to help them recover. We need to move quickly and we need to move responsibly, and I just urge my col-leagues to act, and act now. I am very proud of my fellow Texans for the way they have responded. I am proud of the leadership at the local level, at the State level, and I am proud, mostly, of the overwhelming, loving response of reaching out, neigh-bor helping neighbor, friends and folks in their community taking this respon-sibility head-on, not waiting on the Federal Government. We have a role, and the Federal Government ought to do all that we can to help those. Texas is a special place, Mr. Speaker. As you know, these folks are very self- reliant. They are committed to their communities, and they are committed to loving thy neighbor. It is not just a memory verse, it is a way of life in Texas. So, again, our thoughts and prayers are with our friends back home. I know my colleagues and neighbors in west Texas, in District 19, have sent first re-sponder vehicles and personnel, food, and supplies. Dyess Air Force Base in Abilene, Texas, has sent, for example, 12 tons of supplies and food. So we are with you guys. We love you. As Trump said, ‘‘Texans can handle anything.’’ He is right. God bless Texas, and God bless Amer-ica. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our ranking member not only for yielding to me, but also for her call a couple of weeks ago. And I want to thank our colleague from Lubbock, Texas. We have a lot of water we can send to west Texas, but appreciate the support not just from Texas, but all across the country. Peo-ple are coming in everywhere. And I see me colleague, B
RIAN BABIN, who is my neighbor. We are not Demo-crats and Republicans; we are Ameri-cans. And that is what we are seeing. And our Speaker pro tempore of the House, also, is neighbor to both of us. But I rise in support of the hundreds of thousands of victims of Hurricane Harvey in Houston and Harris County and throughout Texas, and I call on Congress to immediately pass emer-gency funding to help victims from this unprecedented disaster. Our district is in northeast and southeast Houston and Harris County. We are familiar with hurricanes and tropical storms. We were hit by Trop-ical Storm Allison in 2001, hit by Hurri-cane Ike in 2008. Harvey’s disaster and destruction is beyond anything witnessed in living memory in Texas, flooding over 100,000 homes in Harris County alone and kill-ing at least 60 people, including 12 in-nocent victims in our district. Countless lives in Houston and along the Gulf Coast have been put on hold: families who cannot return to their flooded homes, children whose schools were damaged, mothers and fathers who cannot go back to work. I have a school district in northeast Harris County, Sheldon ISD. They have eight schools. Four of those schools are so damaged they can’t be reopened. Houstonians and Texans are proud and independent people. We take pride in our can-do attitude, as witnessed by our brave first responders and count-less volunteers who rescued neighbors during the worst of the flooding. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this critical emergency funding that will help the people of Houston and Texas on the road to recovery. But this is not the only time we will need this emergency funding. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article in Monday’s Houston Chron-icle on the dedication of our doctors and public health workers at the Texas Medical Center in Houston during the worst of Harvey. 
[From the Houston Chronicle] M
Y60-H OURSHIFT IN THE ER D URING  H
URRICANE HARVEY  (By Benjamin Gold) I was on call at St. Luke’s when the major flooding began. I decided to stay in the hos-pital, along with many other residents, attendings, nurses and support staff. It turns out that a hospital is a fantastic place to be in a crisis—it has food, water, electricity, even Wi-Fi. I ended up staying there until Monday, taking shifts with other residents as we watched over our patients. We even saw some new ones who somehow managed to make their way through flood-waters to the emergency room. Here are some of the things I saw during those 60 hours. I saw nurses working for almost 20 hours straight and managing way more patients than usual, refusing to leave them—they didn’t know when the next nurses would ar-rive. I saw the cafeteria transformed into a sup-port station with round-the-clock free meals. The lunch tables transformed into war rooms as the various medical departments strategized about how to staff the hospital despite being desperately under capacity. I got meals from the same cafeteria worker— Anne—on Friday night, Saturday morning, Saturday evening, Sunday morning, Sunday evening and Monday morning. I saw patients placed in impossible cir-cumstances. One, a young man with a son in the ICU at Texas Children’s, recently heard that his house had flooded. He was having high fevers and coughing up yellow sputum. His chest X-ray showed he had developed a lobar pneumonia. He was pale and clammy, with bloodshot eyes. ‘‘Doc, I need go,’’ he told me. ‘‘I have to see my son. I have to call my wife and make sure she’s safe. I can’t stay here.’’ I was in the ICU when an impromptu meet-ing was held to discuss the fact that no relief would be able to come in for the foreseeable future. There were only two attendings, each taking 12-hour shifts so the other could sleep. They’d already been working for 48 hours. Midway through one of the shifts, one of the sleeping ICU doctors woke up and asked the active doctor if he was OK. ‘‘I’m cruising,’’ he said, smiling. He was bleary-eyed and weary, but it didn’t matter. ‘‘I’m rolling,’’ he said and gave a thumbs-up. ‘‘I’m good to go.’’ My fiance´e, who also is a doctor, told me that one of her patients wanted to meet me after they found out that their doctor had a significant other in the hospital. ‘‘Sure,’’ I said, and went over to the room. They were so appreciative of her care that they invited us to go fishing with them in Corpus Christi when this was all over. ‘‘I’m telling you, you’ve never seen a more beau-tiful place to fish your entire life. You’ll stay with us, of course! It won’t cost you a penny.’’ The man took out his iPhone and showed us pictures of a gorgeous coastline, Texas- sized sunsets and smiling nephews proudly holding up fish as big as they were. ‘‘We’ll make it down there,’’ he said. ‘‘We’ll get through this.’’ Finally, on Monday morning, the first wave of relief arrived, and those whose houses hadn’t flooded and had clear streets were able to go home. Others weren’t so lucky. The Texas Medical Center is what brought me to Houston. It has more medical schools, hospitals and nursing facilities per square foot than any other place on earth. It was in-credible to see the resiliency, camaraderie and selflessness of those who work there in a crisis. Learning about what to do in a crisis is standard in medical education. But to see it in action, to see people refusing to leave until they knew their patients would be cared for, is something else entirely. It’s been a grim few days, and the worst is not over. We don’t know how many more casualties there might be. Untold billions in property damage has already been done. But Houstonians showed their true colors over this past weekend. I’ve never been prouder to be a Texan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.011 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6663 September 6, 2017 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to echo what everyone has said, espe-cially my colleagues, Mr. G
REEN and others, from Texas who have men-tioned how we have pulled together. But I want to rise in strong support of this disaster relief funding for those who have been impacted by this ter-rible storm. My district is in Texas 36, and it was totally devastated. All nine counties have been declared Federal disaster areas. The entire district was under-water, a vast lake, from Houston over to the Louisiana border. The devasta-tion is truly heartbreaking. I have traveled to each county and assisted in the recovery efforts, and I have met with the victims. H. Res. 502 provides desperately needed resources to help our fellow Americans put their lives back together again and provides a hand up, not a handout. Texans don’t want a handout, but we do need the help and the hand up. In the midst of this devastation, the entire world has seen the resiliency, compassion, and determination of the people of Texas, and I am truly in-spired by the incredible stories of good-ness. We have had multiple disasters, espe-cially in my district—multiple—even three disaster declarations for some of my counties over the past 3 years. I have met and talked to some of my constituents who had just gotten back into their homes 2, 3 months ago from a flood that impacted us last year. One has told me she still had the price tags on their furniture when she woke up during the night to see water in her house. These are the kinds of things that we are seeing. But in the midst, as I have said, our churches, our first responders, our pri-vate citizens, businesses, people from out of State—and I want to especially commend the State of Louisiana, who came over and provided hundreds of boat teams for us—all around the dis-trict, people are helping one another. I just want to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this very, very much-needed funding and showing our fellow Americans that we stand with them in this terrible, terrible time. I have been around a long time. I have seen storms—Hurricane Audrey in the 1950s—and this storm, Hurricane Harvey, I have never seen one like this before. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE), who we know was struggling with her fellow Texans and trying to be as helpful as she could during this hor-rible, horrible disaster. b1045 Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the Speaker, and I thank the gentlewoman from New York. Having known the dev-astation of hurricanes just a couple of years ago, I thank her, and along with her as the ranking minority member, the chairman as well, both coming from the region where they faced the same devastation. We come together united. We come bipartisan. We come as friends. As I said at the NRG shelter just a few days ago, we have hope. We have hope. We are grateful that we are beginning the process of recovery with the over $7 bil-lion now being allotted for disaster re-covery, $450 million of that being for small businesses. The need is great. Twelve days ago, on August 25, Hurri-cane Harvey hit this coast, and it hit Texas in a very hard way. To put in perspective the devastation brought by Hurricane Harvey, the volume of water that fell on Houston and other affected areas of Texas and Louisiana could fill more than 24,000 Astrodomes. Hurri-cane Harvey was a thousand-year storm. It claimed many, many lives. Twenty-one trillion gallons of rainfall fell in Texas. Sustained winds exceeded 130 miles an hour. I cannot thank, enough, those who gathered and helped, from the local of-ficials, from Mayor Sylvester Turner and Judge Emmett, to Mayor Aaron in Humble, to Mayor Diaz in Jacinto City—cities in my congressional dis-trict—to the many volunteers, the Cajun Navy. And might I thank the Texas National Guard—they were standing up—the Marines, the Navy, and, of course, the Army. We traveled with them. I thank the Military Mu-seum of Armed Forces that traveled with me to give out food. We are still in need. Thousands of people without apart-ments who have been evicted have been told to go. As I walked the streets of Humble, Texas, in my district, piles and piles and piles of rubbish, people’s homes and possessions, even though they had their family and lives, all of their possessions out on the front. This is a time for us to rise without obstacles. This is a time for us to en-sure that all people can be protected. I would like to highlight the DREAMer that died, Alonso Guillen, who came all the way from Lufkin, Texas, just be able to save those who he saw were in need. We need to be able to ensure that he is not discriminated against or my constituents in certain parts of my dis-trict who are afraid to seek help simply because they are unstatused. My friends, I know we can find a pathway forward. I know that we can find a pathway to reauthorize DACA and to do it as soon as possible in trib-ute to Alonso Guillen, who died with friends when he brought his boat, of his own accord, to be able to come and save those. Let me tell you what we need. We need housing resources. We need to en-sure that we have housing resources to make sure that the people who were evicted can make sure that they have a way to have a home. We need small business resources. I want to thank the gentlewoman for her time, and I know that we will be working together and making a dif-ference for those who were impacted by Hurricane Harvey. My prayers for those who are im-pacted by Hurricane Irma. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3672, which provides $7.85 billion in supplemental appropriations as the Congress’s initial re-sponse to the massive damaged inflicted on Southeast Texas and Louisiana by Hurricane Harvey. The speed with which the bipartisan leader-ship drafted and shepherded this legislation to the floor bodes well for the major challenges that must be met and overcome if Congress if the victims of Hurricane Harvey are to recover from the storm’s awful wrath and rebuild their decimated communities. I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Rank-ing Member L
OWEY , and Speaker R YAN and Democratic Leader P
ELOSI , for bringing this initial supplemental funding bill to the floor in a timely manner and which lets the people of Texas and Louisiana know that the American people stand in solidarity with them in their moment of heartbreak and anguish. Mr. Speaker, just 12 days, on August 25, 2017, Hurricane Harvey made landfall for the first time in the state of Texas, just north of the city of Corpus Christi. Before it was finished, Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex. To put in perspective the devastation wrought by Hurricane Harvey, the volume of water that fell on Houston and other affected areas of Texas and Louisiana could fill more than 24,000 Astrodomes or supply the water for the raging Niagara Falls for 15 days. Whole sections of Houston, Beaumont, Bayou City, Port Arthur, and other cities were underwater for days. Hurricane Harvey was a 1,000 year storm that has to date claimed the lives of at least 30 persons, including a 34-year veteran of the Houston Police Department and a family of six who perished in Greens Bayou while trying to evacuate their flooded home and community. It also claimed the life of a Dreamer, Alonso Guillen, a young Houstonian who came to Texas from Mexico as a teenager, and who died when his boat capsized while he was res-cuing survivors of the flooding caused by Hur-ricane Harvey. Neither Houston nor any city in the nation has ever experienced flooding of the mag-nitude caused by Hurricane Harvey. The statistics are staggering. 21 trillion gallons of rainfall fell in Texas and Louisiana in the first five days of the storm. The estimated maximum sustained winds exceeded 130 miles per hour as the hurricane made landfall near Rockport, Texas on August 25. A record 4,323 days, which is nearly 12 years, elapsed since a major hurricane (Cat-egory 3 or above) made landfall in the United States prior to Hurricane Harvey; the last Cat-egory 3 hurricane to hit the United States was Hurricane Wilma in 2005, the same year Hurri-cane Katrina destroyed much of New Orleans. The city of Cedar Bayou received 51.88 inches of rainfall, breaking the record for rain-fall from a single storm in the continental United States; my city of Houston received more than 5o inches of rainfall. More than 13,000 people have been res-cued in the Houston area and more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.013 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6664 September 6, 2017 
30,000 persons are expected to be forced out of their homes due to the storm. More than 8,800 federal personnel were staff deployed to help respond to Hurricane Harvey, supplying approximately 2.9 million meals, 2.8 million liters of water, 37,000 tarps, and 130 generators. In the first three days of the storm, more than 49,000 homes that had suffered flood damage and more than 1,000 homes were completely destroyed in the storm. Mr. Speaker, valiant emergency responders are overextended and citizen rescues have become a critical source of assistance in sav-ing lives. Local authorities closed major freeways, air-ports, and schools. Emergency shelters are filled to capacity and efforts to rescue residents continue around the clock. The anticipated cost of removing debris is expected to dwarf the $70 million spent by Houston removing debris after Hurricane Ike in 2008. We do not yet know the full cost in human lives exacted by Hurricane Harvey. But what we do know is that the costs of re-covery and reconstruction will far exceed any natural disaster in memory; best estimates place the cost in the range of $150–$200 bil-lion. Mr. Speaker, there is much work to be done in my city of Houston, and across the areas affected by the terrible, awesome storm that will be forever known simply as Hurricane Har-vey. That is why I strongly support the legislation pending before us appropriating $7.85 billion as the initial response of the Congress to the damage caused by an epic storm. I must emphasize that what we are consid-ering here is the initial response because much more funding will be needed for Hous-ton—the nation’s fourth largest city—and Southeast Texas to recover and rebuild. For that reason, I urge all Members to join me in support of H.R. 3672 and to commit to providing our fellow Americans in Texas and Louisiana all of the help and support they need to restore their communities to their pre-vious greatness. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), from the Commerce, Justice, Science Sub-committee. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, to everyone in Texas and Louisiana who has suffered the loss of a loved one or the loss of everything they own in this catastrophic flood, we are here today to tell you that help is on the way and to say thank you. Help is on the way because today, in the Congress, there are no Republicans, there are no Democrats. We are all Americans here today, unified in our determination to move swiftly to help all those poor people who have suffered so much as a result of this catastrophic storm. It is an unparalleled disaster in our Nation’s history. My district suffered. We all suffered, all of us in southeast Texas, southwest Louisiana. My brother and his wife lost every-thing. Their home is still underwater. My in-laws lost everything. Their home was destroyed, everything they owned and loved, but they are just personal possessions. No one lost their lives. I can’t imag-ine if you lost a loved one in this catas-trophe. But help is on the way. We are all unified here today. We are all working together to make sure that we get this immediate infusion of cash into the Disaster Relief Fund to help these peo-ple who have suffered so much and been displaced so abruptly and so cata-strophically. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for bringing this to the floor so quick-ly, thank our leadership for working together to get this done. I want to thank President Trump and his wife for personally donating $1 million to the relief fund for the victims of Hurricane Harvey. I want to thank, also, all of the first responders who sacrificed so much to save so many lives. I want to thank especially the people of America who stepped up to help the people of Houston. I spent all of last week out in neigh-borhoods in boats and on trucks and in waders helping pull people and their property and their pets out of their homes. Last Saturday, I ran into a group of guys, four guys, with a bass boat that drove all the way from Florida. They saw the catastrophe on television and said, ‘‘We can either sit here and watch this or we can go help our fellow Amer-icans,’’ and they jumped in their truck and they drove that bass boat all the way to Texas to help us. A guy from Michigan showed up in our neighborhoods just to help. I want to thank my friend and my colleague, Congressman GARRET  G
RAVES of Louisiana, who called me on the second day of the disaster and said: The Cajun Navy is on the way. I said: What? I didn’t know there was such a thing as the Cajun Navy. G
ARRET said: 110 trucks are on the way to Texas towing 100 boats loaded with thousands of meals of jambalaya and red beans and rice and diapers and water and radios and everything that you need to recover from a storm. They just did it, our neighbors. I have never been prouder to be an American, never been prouder to be a Texan or a Houstonian, to see people step up and help each other out of the goodness of their hearts, because we are Americans and we are the greatest nation in the history of civilization, and it is because we are all self-reliant. It is because we all look after each other as a community. We all love each other. We love our family, our God. We respect the law. This great Nation that was founded on the rule of law is a bond that con-nects all of us, and we saw it in this disaster, and we thank you all from the bottom of our heart. Help is on the way. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to our next speaker, I would just thank Mr. C
ULBERSON . I just want to thank you, Mr. CULBERSON , because, of course, we are all totally supportive of this aid package, but I remember that you were the only Member from the majority in Texas who supported our Sandy package. I just wanted to, at this time, thank you again for your generosity and your warm heart for every American. Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gentle-woman yield? Mrs. LOWEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. CULBERSON. Today, we are all Americans, arm in arm. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I also thank the ranking member for her kind words. I would like to thank the chairperson for bringing this to the floor, both of them. Mr. Speaker, this is a seminal mo-ment in time, a moment in time that can shape the rest of our time. This is an opportunity for those of us who con-tend that we are our brother’s keeper to, in fact, become our brother’s keep-er. You see, you can’t be your brother’s keeper without keeping your brother. This is a chance to be your brother’s keeper. This is a chance for the unity that we express when we are before the cameras to manifest itself in the votes that we cast here in Congress. This is a seminal moment in time. This is a moment in time for us to care not only about those who live in the suites of life, but also those who dwell in the streets of life, those who live on benches, those who sleep under bridges. It is an opportunity for us to cast a vote that will send aid, send as-sistance to those in Houston, Texas, and all across the area that has been devastated by this monster. It is a chance for us to help them. But this is only a downpayment, only a downpayment. There must be much more. We need help in Houston post-haste, as is the case with other places around the country that have been dev-astated. We need help for housing, not only for those who had homes before the monster hit, but also for those who didn’t have homes who need to transi-tion to a place that they can call home. If home is where the heart is, where is the heart of the homeless, people who sleep under bridges? Where is the heart of the homeless? They have to be given a place that they can call home as well, which means, at some point, we have got to have dollars appropriated for the orga-nizations that help those who live in the streets of life: the homeless. We have got to help them, too. If we can help those in the suites, we can help those in the streets. I would also say to my colleagues: Please understand, people who are here and undocumented have needs, too. They live in places that are horrible. I have been in their homes. I have smelled the mold. I know what it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.004 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6665 September 6, 2017 
like to see the conditions that they dwell in. It is time for us to put aside the politics that divide us from people who need help and help those people, too. Let’s send some more money to the organizations that help them. This is a moment in time. This is a seminal moment in time. It is time for us to step up and help everyone that is harmed, not be selective. If you are in this country and you are hurting, we ought to help you. God bless you. I thank you, Madam Leader on my side, the ranking member. I thank you again, Mr. Chairman, and I beg that we do what we can to make sure every per-son in this country receives the help he or she deserves. 
CITY OF HOUSTON , Houston, TX, September 1, 2017. Mr. B
ROCK LONG, FEMA Administrator, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR ADMINISTRATOR LONG: The City of Houston has experienced a catastrophic event, Hurricane Harvey, and the assistance of FEMA is critical to the recovery of our families and community. We are requesting your expeditious action on the following: 100% federal reimbursement for Categories A (debris removal) & B (emergency protec-tive measures) as was approved for Katrina, Rita and Ike. Advance funding for the Public Assistance program (all categories of work) We are seeking the initial advance funding of $300 million of which $100 million will be used for immediate debris removal. As we get more accurate damage assess-ment estimates, our goal is to secure total advance funding. At least 15–20 Disaster Recovery Centers to be adequately staffed throughout the City of Houston to expedite assistance to individuals Deploy 4–5 centers for each quadrant of the City Provide adequate staffing to ensure that disaster survivors are promptly assisted Funding of up to $1.75 billion for a FEMA Sheltering and Temporary Essential Power (STEP) or Rapid Repair program to expedite the return of families to their homes and contribute to a whole community recovery for approximately 50k homes. We are seeking to increase the cap of this funding to up to $35,000/home 100% advance funding and expedited proc-essing for First Responders who lost prop-erty in the line of duty. The City of Houston wishes to serve as a pilot program for the 100 Houston Fire De-partment and 200 Houston Police Depart-ment personnel who had significant damage to their homes and losses due to Hurricane Harvey. Many of these First Responders are not insured. The City of Houston will also be asking HUD for an immediate release for CDBG–DR funds and seek FEMA support in this request to compliment the recovery efforts. The co-ordinated and timely release of funds will enable the City of Houston to become more resilient and recover faster. Thank you for your consideration of my requests. Sincerely, M
AYOR SYLVESTER TURNER . 
CITY OF STAFFORD , Stafford, TX, September 2, 2017. Mr. B
ROCK LONG, FEMA Administrator, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR ADMINISTRATOR LONG: The City of Stafford has suffered a catastrophic event, Hurricane Harvey, and the assistance of FEMA is critical to the recovery of our fami-lies and community. We are requesting your expeditious action on the following: 100% federal reimbursement for Categories A (debris removal) & B (emergency protec-tive measures) as was approved for Hurri-canes Katrina, Rita and Ike. Advance funding for the Public Assistance (all categories of work) As we get more accurate damage assess-ment estimates, our goal is to secure total advance funding. The City of Stafford is ready to accept Dis-aster Recovery Centers for IA (individual as-sistance) and PA (public assistance) to be adequately staffed to expedite assistance. Funding of up to $20 million for a FEMA Sheltering and Temporary Essential Power (STEP) or Rapid Repair program to expedite the return of families to their homes and contribute to a whole community recovery for approximately 75 to 100 homes. We are seeking to increase the cap of this funding to up to $35,000/home. 100% advance funding and expedited proc-essing for First Responders who lost prop-erty in the line of duty. The City of Stafford wishes to request a pilot program be granted to this region ef-fected by Hurricane Harvey for the thou-sands of fire and police personnel who had significant damage to their homes and losses. Many of these First Responders are not insured and are vital to the safety and security of our cities. The City of Stafford will also be asking for HUD for immediate release of CDBG–DR funds and seeking FEMA support in this re-quest to compliment the recovery efforts. The coordinated and timely release of funds will enable the City of Stafford to become more resilient and recover faster. Sincerely, MAYOR LEONARD SCARCELLA . 
MISSOURI CITY, Missouri City, TX, September 2, 2017. Mr. B
ROCK LONG, FEMA Administrator, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR ADMINISTRATOR LONG: The City of Missouri City has suffered the worse cata-strophic event it has ever seen with Hurri-cane Harvey. The assistance of FEMA will be critical for our families and our community to recover. We are humbly requesting that FEMA assist us with the following need: 100% federal reimbursement for Categories A (debris removal) & B (emergency protec-tive measures) as was approved for Hurricane Katrina, Rita, and Ike. Advance funding for the Public Assistance (all categories of work) As we get more accurate damage assess-ment estimates, our ultimate goal is to se-cure total advance funding. Our city is ready to accept Disaster Recov-ery Centers where we might have that abil-ity, for Disaster Recovery Centers for IA (in-dividual assistance) and PA (public assist-ance) to be adequately staffed to expedite as-sistance as we have in the past with other disasters. Funding of up to $20 million for FEMA Sheltering and Temporary Essential Power (STEP) or Rapid Repair Program to expedite the return of families to their homes and contribute to a whole community recovery for approximately 1,000 to 1,500 homes. We are seeking an increase of the $35,000 per home cap. 100% advance funding and expedited proc-essing for First Responders who their prop-erty In the line of duty and including this EOC Command Center employees. The City of Missouri City wishes to request a pilot program to be granted to this region effected by Hurricane Harvey for the thou-sands of fire, police, and Emergency Center Employees who had significant damages to their homes and total losses while they were working 24/7 assisting others with their needs. Many were never able to return to their own home and families for a week. Many of them are not insured and were vital to the safety and Security of our cities. The City of Missouri City will also be ask-ing for HUD for immediate release of CDBG– DR funds and seeking FEMA support in this request to compliment the recovery efforts. The coordination and timely release of funds will enable the City of Missouri City to be-come more resilient and recover faster. Sincerely, MAYOR ALLEN OWEN. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, my Houston area has suffered a historic hurricane, one that really changed the lives of all the peo-ple who were affected. My district was hammered by this flood. To put it in perspective, 27 trillion gallons of rain fell over Texas and parts of Louisiana in the 6 days of the flood. That is enough water to file the Houston Astrodome 85,000 times. At the height of the flood, 70 percent of Harris County, which is the Houston area, was flooded, 70 percent was un-derwater. The devastation in Texas equalled, Mr. Speaker, the size of New Jersey. You place New Jersey in southeast Texas, that is how much of the area was affected by this flood and the rain. People had anywhere between 36 and 52 inches of rain. The Weather Service had to create a new color, purple, on their maps to show how much rain had fallen. Nothing like this has ever hap-pened in North America. 72,000 people were rescued by first re-sponders and volunteers from high water. This is the largest civilian water evacuation since Dunkirk. Thousands of civilian volunteers worked along with city and county first responders to save countless lives. The heroes came from all walks of life, from all parts of the country. The attitude of the people of Texas was one of inspiration. Flooded victims who didn’t know each other, their homes were flooded, but they were helping other flooded victims get to safety and get what property they could recover. This heroism reminded me what it means to be a Texan and an American. Mr. Speaker, Harvey will not defeat the human spirit. There were two men in Brownwood. Now, you know where Brownwood, Texas, is. Probably nobody else ever heard of it. That is in way west Texas. They decided they wanted to help. They got in their pickup trucks. They drove to Austin, Texas, which is still 200 miles away from Houston. They went to a sports place there and bought a bass boat, a trailer, a motor, and filled it up with all kinds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.016 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6666 September 6, 2017 
of stuff, drove to Houston, Texas, and kept working for others. That is one of many stories. So this supplemental is important to southeast Texas. Let this vote show that we will vote not for politics, but for people. And that is just the way it is. b1100 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am de-lighted to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD ), a very distinguished ranking member from the Homeland Security Subcommittee on the Appro-priations Committee. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that this supple-mental funding is needed, and needed quickly. When the response to Harvey began in late August, the major dis-aster account of the disaster relief fund had approximately $2 billion available. The response to this catastrophe, how-ever, is costing close to $200 million per day. This means that despite the re-cent $1 billion increase into this ac-count, FEMA could run out of money at any time. Therefore, the enactment of the addi-tional $7.4 billion for the disaster relief fund in this supplemental is critical to help meet FEMA’s immediate oper-ational needs for Hurricane Harvey, and to allow for the resumption of re-covery payments for prior disasters such as Sandy. The supplemental would also provide a small reserve to ensure that FEMA can begin responding to Hurricane Irma, or any other new disaster that occurs between now and September 30, 2017. It is important to note, however, that if there is significant damage from Irma, FEMA will quickly need either an additional reprogramming of money, a second supplemental appro-priation, or both. I applaud the majority for quickly bringing the supplemental package to the floor with the emergency designa-tions. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to ask my colleagues to support funding for Hurricane Harvey disaster relief. Often, the TV news goes around taking their cameras seeking the worst damage to create the most dramatic story. In the case of Hurricane Harvey in the district I represent, you could drop a camera almost anywhere in towns like Rockport, Port Aransas, Aransas Pass, Ingleside, Refugio, Tivoli, Port Lavaca, and Victoria, and have that dramatic heart-wrenching shot of dev-astation. My friends’ and neighbors’ homes were completely flattened by hurricane winds. Businesses were destroyed and much of towns were under water, like in Wharton, following the unprece-dented flooding left behind by this storm. It is the worst we have seen in decades. Many people, including the town mayor of Port Aransas, suffered and lost everything. He was walking around the emergency operation center when the mayor of Corpus Christi went up to him and said: I am jealous. You get to work in shorts, a Hawaiian shirt, and flip-flops. The Port Aransas mayor looked at him and said: It is all I have left. You know, the good news for our communities is that we came together during this disaster. Groups from around the State and around the coun-try donated to help, and many assisted the rescue and cleanup and came down and cooked food for evacuees and sur-vivors. People opened their homes and their hearts to strangers. But the victims of the storms also need FEMA’s help as well, with things such as emergency assistance and housing. Our cities and counties need help clearing brush and debris, and we will need to make major infrastructure repairs to areas decimated by Harvey. With people registering for assistance at record rates using their smartphones, going to disasterassistance.gov, or using the FEMA app, FEMA will be out of money in just 2 or 3 days if we don’t pass this. I urge my colleagues to open their hearts, the way so many Americans have, and pass H. Res. 502. I want to say a special thank-you to those who donated, those who came and volun-teered, and to everybody who helped out. Mr. Speaker, we are not only Texas strong, we are America strong. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ), who un-derstands the impact of a disaster of this kind not only in her district, but in other areas where there has been so much suffering. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the time. Mr. Speaker, at the end of this sum-mer the people in the Virgin Islands, in every place of worship, say the hurri-cane prayer at the end of their service. And part of that prayer says at the end: But, Lord, if a hurricane should come, and You loosen the gale and the winds open on us, Your will be done. Right now, the people of the Virgin Islands, and the people of Puerto Rico are fervently saying that prayer be-cause God’s will is being done on those islands as Hurricane Irma is impacting and crashing against the shores of St. Thomas, St. John, St. Croix, and Water Island. This $7.8 billion in emergency supple-mental funds is a crucial initial in-stallment to address the effects of not only Hurricane Harvey, but the effect expected in my district of the Virgin Islands today as we stand in the poten-tially catastrophic path of Hurricane Irma, which is currently, at worst-case scenario, a Category 5 hurricane, the worst hurricane in the Atlantic’s his-tory. This will need assistance from FEMA to perform emergency protective meas-ures, the removal of debris, activities performed by other Federal agencies as assigned by FEMA, and to aid small businesses and homeowners in rebuild-ing their lives. Right now, the people of the Virgin Islands are praying for the lives of themselves, their families, and especially for the roof over their head. This funding for initial response ef-forts is critical, and I thank my col-leagues for the expeditious manner in which this legislation was brought to us for swift passage. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to approve this much-needed lifeline, and we are covetous for your prayers right now. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), my colleague, and I thank him for his assistance many years ago addressing the needs of the residents of New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut during Superstorm Sandy. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this measure to allocate critical funds to urgent res-cue and recovery operations currently underway in the aftermath of Hurri-cane Harvey. The destruction of Hurricane Harvey is horrific, and the loss of life is heart-breaking. The Federal Emergency Management Agency is helping to lead the disaster response. FEMA needs im-mediate resources from Congress. Natural disasters can strike any part of the Nation at any time. No State is immune from the forces of nature, and States and localities should never have to question if aid is on the way. Our excellent Federal officials have the resources and experience to miti-gate harm. They need to continue put-ting that experience to use, helping our neighbors in need, protect critical in-frastructure, contain hazardous sites, and save lives. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for his leadership in as-sembling this immediate assistance for those in need. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), the chairman of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I look at the pictures of Houston, Galveston, and parts of Texas, and Louisiana, and elsewhere, and I harken back to the same images I saw in New Jersey, New York, throughout New England, and other parts of the Northeast after Sandy. I want to also note that the NYPD and the FDNY were amongst the first responders to head down to Texas to help our fellow Americans at a time of crisis and need. I also would like to point out that I have no clue where the town is that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) men-tioned, and I may never ever go there. I may never go to that town, but I will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.035 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6667 September 6, 2017 
tell you, Mr. Speaker, I don’t need to go to that town to help those people. They are Americans, and I will help them at any opportunity I get when they have a storm like this that hits them. I don’t ask questions. I never asked you if you knew where Edgewater in the Bronx was. I was prepared to vote immediately to help my constituents on Sandy. I wasn’t going to have to wait until next week or 30 days from now, or 60 days from now, or 90 days from now. And I think it is important we have to point out the hypocrisy. We are not going to stop this funding from going through. We need to point out that 20 members of the Republican caucus, some from Texas, all but one, Mr. C
ULBERSON , voted against Sandy relief. It must be understood that we are all Americans, and I will stand to help every American who needs help. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me, and I want to pick up where Mr. C
ROW-
LEYleft off. I am for this aid. I am for this aid 100 percent. We should help these people. As Americans, we should help people all over our country. But it really hurts that those of us in New York and New Jersey, when Superstorm Sandy came and we were begging for help, we had to wait 2 months for help, and our friends in Texas on the Republican side of the aisle, except for one, voted against aid for New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. And now they are asking for aid for Texas, which I support. But it just goes to show, we never know where these disasters are going to fall. It is incum-bent on all of us that we support our fellow Americans no matter where they are. So I say to the people of Texas, my heart goes out for you. My vote will be there. As much money as you need, you will have. Mr. Speaker, but I wanted to say to my Republican friends from Texas: What you did to us during Superstorm Sandy should not stand, should not be done to any other people, anyplace in the country. We are one country. We are Americans. We need to help those that need help. I am for this 100 per-cent. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), who has been right there helping, reaching out to all of those families who are in desperate need. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, to the distinguished gentlewoman, I come now to just stand on behalf of our dele-gation to be able to say, as I said ear-lier, I acknowledge the pain of Sandy. But I now come to make sure that we all understand that this first crunch is only the beginning. We are going to put in legislation that asks for $180 billion, recognizing the hard work of appropri-ators, and letting you know that peo-ple’s lives, as we walk through the de-bris that is in front of every house—it is painful. It is long lasting. So I just wanted to come to give my thanks and to ask: Will you please stand with me for the long journey that is going to be needed for the infra-structure we build; new dams that are 30 years old; and housing issues that will not end today; and the massive eviction of people in apartments? Not cruelly, I hope, but they are getting eviction notices with no place to go. Mr. Speaker, so I ask that we as Americans join for the long haul, the long destiny, with prayers for all. I thank Mrs. LOWEY for yielding to me so that we can talk about the long haul. God bless America. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1115 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. First of all, this morning we salute the courage of all Texans and people from Louisiana. We salute their cour-age and their resilience. Once again, I want to thank all of our Federal agencies and, obviously, the Governor of Texas, the Governor of Louisiana, and all those agencies that have been meeting the needs of the people; and, again, the thousands of volunteers who immediately responded and who have been working tirelessly day in and day out to help hundreds of thousands of people affected by this storm and saved, I may say, countless lives. They have fed and housed the dis-placed, met critical medical needs, pro-vided transportation, and, most impor-tantly, gave faith to those who have lost literally everything. These are American heroes who are showing the best side of our Nation, and we are grateful for their service. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Let’s get the money out the door and help the people of Texas and Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, our country is reel-ing from a natural disaster that has left dozens dead, caused billions of dollars in damage, and forced thousands out of their homes. Hur-ricane Harvey has wrought a level of devasta-tion and suffering that is nearly unparalleled in our country. It is now our duty as America’s representa-tives to live up to our role and help our neigh-bors when they are in need. This body cannot afford to delay providing disaster assistance in the wake of this storm, as Congress did when my own state was recovering from Superstorm Sandy in 2012. Month after month, funding was withheld from our cities by political quarrels that came at New Jersey’s expense. For five months, our communities were forced to wait for the fed-eral assistance they needed to rebuild critical infrastructure. Cleaning up the damage caused by Hurri-cane Harvey is a task that is beyond any sin-gle state’s resources and I will not stand by quietly if Congress fails to provide swift relief for Harvey’s victims. I hope that this body has learned from its mistakes, will stand together, set aside its dif-ferences, and immediately provide the com-munities affected by Hurricane Harvey with the necessary assistance to recover and rebuild. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 502. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SAFELY ENSURING LIVES FUTURE DEPLOYMENT AND RESEARCH IN VEHICLE EVOLUTION ACT Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3388) to provide for information on highly automated driving systems to be made available to prospective buyers, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3388 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Safely Ensuring Lives Future Deployment and Research In Vehicle Evolution Act’’ or the ‘‘SELF DRIVE Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Purpose. Sec. 3. NHTSA authority and State preemption for autonomous motor vehicles. Sec. 4. Updated or new motor vehicle safety standards for highly automated vehicles. Sec. 5. Cybersecurity of automated driving sys-tems. Sec. 6. General exemptions. Sec. 7. Motor vehicle testing or evaluation. Sec. 8. Information on highly automated driv-ing systems made available to pro-spective buyers. Sec. 9. Highly Automated Vehicle Advisory Council. Sec. 10. Rear seat occupant alert system. Sec. 11. Headlamps. Sec. 12. Privacy plan required for highly auto-mated vehicles. Sec. 13. Definitions. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to memorialize the Federal role in ensuring the safety of highly automated vehicles as it relates to design, con-struction, and performance, by encouraging the testing and deployment of such vehicles. 
SEC. 3. NHTSA AUTHORITY AND STATE PREEMP-TION FOR AUTONOMOUS MOTOR VE-HICLES. 
Section 30103 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.019 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6668 September 6, 2017 
(1) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) P
REEMPTION .— ‘‘(1) H
IGHLY AUTOMATED VEHICLES .—No State or political subdivision of a State may maintain, enforce, prescribe, or continue in effect any law or regulation regarding the design, construction, or performance of highly automated vehicles, automated driving systems, or components of automated driving systems unless such law or regulation is identical to a standard prescribed under this chapter. ‘‘(2) M
OTOR VEHICLE STANDARD .—When a motor vehicle safety standard is in effect under this chapter, a State or political subdivision of a State may prescribe or continue in effect a standard applicable to the same aspect of per-formance of a motor vehicle or motor vehicle equipment only if the standard is identical to the standard prescribed under this chapter. ‘‘(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to prohibit a State or a polit-ical subdivision of a State from maintaining, en-forcing, prescribing, or continuing in effect any law or regulation regarding registration, licens-ing, driving education and training, insurance, law enforcement, crash investigations, safety and emissions inspections, congestion manage-ment of vehicles on the street within a State or political subdivision of a State, or traffic unless the law or regulation is an unreasonable restric-tion on the design, construction, or performance of highly automated vehicles, automated driving systems, or components of automated driving systems. ‘‘(B) M
OTOR VEHICLE DEALERS .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to prohibit a State or political subdivision of a State from maintaining, enforcing, prescribing, or con-tinuing in effect any law or regulation regard-ing the sale, distribution, repair, or service of highly automated vehicles, automated driving systems, or components of automated driving systems by a dealer, manufacturer, or dis-tributor. ‘‘(C) C
ONFORMITY WITH FEDERAL LAW .—Noth- ing in this subsection shall be construed to pre-empt, restrict, or limit a State or political sub-division of a State from acting in accordance with any other Federal law. ‘‘(4) H
IGHER PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENT .— However, the United States Government, a State, or a political subdivision of a State may prescribe a standard for a motor vehicle, motor vehicle equipment, highly automated vehicle, or automated driving system obtained for its own use that imposes a higher performance require-ment than that required by the otherwise appli-cable standard under this chapter. ‘‘(5) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT .—A State may en-force a standard that is identical to a standard prescribed under this chapter.’’; and (2) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) C
OMMON LAWLIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Compliance with a motor vehicle safety standard prescribed under this chapter does not exempt a person from liability at common law. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt common law claims.’’. 
SEC. 4. UPDATED OR NEW MOTOR VEHICLE SAFE-TY STANDARDS FOR HIGHLY AUTO-MATED VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 30128 the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 30129. Updated or new motor vehicle safety standards for highly automated vehicles ‘‘(a) S
AFETY ASSESSMENT CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 24 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule requiring the submission of safety as-sessment certifications regarding how safety is being addressed by each entity developing a highly automated vehicle or an automated driv-ing system. Such rule shall include— ‘‘(A) a specification of which entities are re-quired to submit such certifications; ‘‘(B) a clear description of the relevant test re-sults, data, and other contents required to be submitted by such entity, in order to dem-onstrate that such entity’s vehicles are likely to maintain safety, and function as intended and contain fail safe features, to be included in such certifications; and ‘‘(C) a specification of the circumstances under which such certifications are required to be updated or resubmitted. ‘‘(2) INTERIM REQUIREMENT .—Until the final rule issued under paragraph (1) takes effect, safety assessment letters shall be submitted to the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration as contemplated by the Federal Auto-mated Vehicles Policy issued in September 2016, or any successor guidance issued on highly automated vehicles requiring a safety assess-ment letter. ‘‘(3) P
ERIODIC REVIEW AND UPDATING .—Not later than 5 years after the date on which the final rule is issued under paragraph (1), and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) review such rule; and ‘‘(B) update such rule if the Secretary con-siders it necessary. ‘‘(4) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) N
O CONDITIONS ON DEPLOYMENT .—Noth- ing in this subsection may be construed to limit or affect the Secretary’s authority under any other provision of law. The Secretary may not condition deployment or testing of highly auto-mated vehicles on review of safety assessment certifications. ‘‘(B) N
O NEW AUTHORITIES .—No new authori-ties are granted to the Secretary under this sec-tion other than the promulgation of the rule pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) R
EVIEW AND RESEARCH .—To accommodate the development and deployment of highly auto-mated vehicles and to ensure the safety and se-curity of highly automated vehicles and motor vehicles and others that will share the roads with highly automated vehicles, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) initiate or continue a review of the Fed-eral motor vehicle safety standards in effect on such date of enactment; and ‘‘(B) initiate or continue research regarding new Federal motor vehicle safety standards. ‘‘(b) R
ULEMAKING AND SAFETY PRIORITY  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall make available to the public and submit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a rulemaking and safety priority plan, as necessary to accommodate the development and deployment of highly auto-mated vehicles and to ensure the safety and se-curity of highly automated vehicles and motor vehicles and others that will share the roads with highly automated vehicles, to— ‘‘(A) update the motor vehicle safety stand-ards in effect on such date of enactment; ‘‘(B) issue new motor vehicle safety standards; and ‘‘(C) consider how objective ranges in perform-ance standards could be used to test motor vehi-cle safety standards, which safety standards would be appropriate for such testing, and whether additional authority would facilitate such testing. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION OF PRIORITIES .— ‘‘(A) P
RIORITIES .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall detail the overall priorities of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion for the 5 years following the issuance of the plan, including both priorities with respect to highly automated vehicles and priorities with respect to other safety initiatives of the Admin-istration, in order to meet the Nation’s motor ve-hicle safety challenges. ‘‘(B) IDENTIFICATION OF ELEMENTS THAT MAY  
REQUIRE STANDARDS .—For highly automated ve-hicles, the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration should identify elements that may require performance standards including human machine interface, sensors, and actuators, and consider process and procedure standards for software and cybersecurity as necessary. ‘‘(3) P
ERIODIC UPDATING .—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall be updated every 2 years, or more frequently if the Secretary considers it necessary. ‘‘(4) R
ULEMAKING PROCEEDINGS ON UPDATED  
OR NEW MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY STANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall initiate the first rulemaking pro-ceeding in accordance with the rulemaking and safety priority plan required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) P
RIORITIZATION OF SUBSEQUENT PRO -
CEEDINGS .—The Secretary shall continue initi-ating rulemaking proceedings in accordance with such plan. The Secretary may change at any time those priorities to address matters the Secretary considers of greater priority. If the Secretary makes such a change, the Secretary shall complete an interim update of the priority plan, make such update available to the public, and submit such update to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 30128 the following new item: ‘‘30129. Updated or new motor vehicle safety standards for highly automated vehicles.’’. 
SEC. 5. CYBERSECURITY OF AUTOMATED DRIVING SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 30129 (as added by section 4) the following new section: ‘‘§ 30130. Cybersecurity of automated driving systems ‘‘(a) C
YBERSECURITY PLAN.—A manufacturer may not sell, offer for sale, introduce or deliver for introduction into commerce, or import into the United States, any highly automated vehi-cle, vehicle that performs partial driving auto-mation, or automated driving system unless such manufacturer has developed a cybersecu-rity plan that includes the following: ‘‘(1) A written cybersecurity policy with re-spect to the practices of the manufacturer for detecting and responding to cyber attacks, un-authorized intrusions, and false and spurious messages or vehicle control commands. This pol-icy shall include— ‘‘(A) a process for identifying, assessing, and mitigating reasonably foreseeable vulnerabilities from cyber attacks or unauthorized intrusions, including false and spurious messages and mali-cious vehicle control commands; and ‘‘(B) a process for taking preventive and cor-rective action to mitigate against vulnerabilities in a highly automated vehicle or a vehicle that performs partial driving automation, including incident response plans, intrusion detection and prevention systems that safeguard key controls, systems, and procedures through testing or mon-itoring, and updates to such process based on changed circumstances. ‘‘(2) The identification of an officer or other individual of the manufacturer as the point of contact with responsibility for the management of cybersecurity. ‘‘(3) A process for limiting access to automated driving systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.005 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6669 September 6, 2017 
‘‘(4) A process for employee training and su-pervision for implementation and maintenance of the policies and procedures required by this section, including controls on employee access to automated driving systems. ‘‘(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this section.’’. (b) E
NFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .—Section 30165(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘30130,’’ after ‘‘30127,’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 30129 (as added by sec-tion 4) the following new item: ‘‘30130. Cybersecurity of automated driving sys-tems.’’. 
SEC. 6. GENERAL EXEMPTIONS. 
Section 30113 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)(B)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (B) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) the exemption would make easier the de-velopment or field evaluation of— ‘‘(I) a feature of a highly automated vehicle providing a safety level at least equal to the safety level of the standard for which exemption is sought; or ‘‘(II) a highly automated vehicle providing an overall safety level at least equal to the overall safety level of nonexempt vehicles.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) if the application is made under sub-section (b)(3)(B)(v) of this section— ‘‘(A) such development, testing, and other data necessary to demonstrate that the motor vehicle is a highly automated vehicle; and ‘‘(B) a detailed analysis that includes sup-porting test data, including both on-road and validation and testing data showing (as applica-ble) that— ‘‘(i) the safety level of the feature at least equals the safety level of the standard for which exemption is sought; or ‘‘(ii) the vehicle provides an overall safety level at least equal to the overall safety level of nonexempt vehicles.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘A manufac-turer is eligible’’ and all that follows and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY UNDER SUBSECTION  (b)(3)(B)(i).—A manufacturer is eligible for an exemption under subsection (b)(3)(B)(i) of this section (including an exemption under sub-section (b)(3)(B)(i) relating to a bumper stand-ard referred to in subsection (b)(1)) only if the Secretary determines that the manufacturer’s total motor vehicle production in the most recent year of production is not more than 10,000. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY UNDER SUBSECTION  (b)(3)(B)(iii).—A manufacturer is eligible for an exemption under subsection (b)(3)(B)(iii) of this section only if the Secretary determines the ex-emption is for not more than 2,500 vehicles to be sold in the United States in any 12-month pe-riod. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY UNDER SUBSECTION  (b)(3)(B)(ii), (iv), or (v).—A manufacturer is eli-gible for an exemption under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii), (iv), or (v) of this section only if the Secretary determines the exemption is for not more than 100,000 vehicles per manufacturer to be sold, leased, or otherwise introduced into commerce in the United States in any 12-month period. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF VEHICLES EX -
EMPTED .—All exemptions granted to a manufac-turer under subsections (b)(3)(B)(i) through (v) shall not exceed a total of (i) 25,000 vehicles manufactured within the first 12-month period, (ii) 50,000 vehicles manufactured within the sec-ond 12-month period, (iii) 100,000 vehicles manu-factured within the third 12-month period, and, (iv) 100,000 vehicles manufactured within the fourth 12-month period. Any renewals under subsections (b)(3)(B)(i) through (v) shall not ex-ceed a total of 100,000 vehicles manufactured within a 12-month period.’’; (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘An exemp-tion or renewal’’ and all that follows and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) EXEMPTION UNDER SUBSECTION  (b)(3)(B)(i).—An exemption or renewal under subsection (b)(3)(B)(i) of this section may be granted for not more than 3 years. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION UNDER SUBSECTION  (b)(3)(B)(iii).—An exemption or renewal under subsection (b)(3)(B)(iii) this section may be granted for not more than 2 years. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION UNDER SUBSECTION  (b)(3)(B)(ii), (iv), or (v).—An exemption or re-newal under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii), (iv), or (v) of this section may be granted for not more than 4 years.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS .—No exemption from crashworthiness standards of motor vehicle safety standards shall be granted under subsection (b)(3)(B)(v) until the Secretary issues the safety assessment certification rule pursuant to section 30129(a) and the rulemaking and safety priority plan pursuant to section 30129(b) and one year has passed from the date by which the Secretary has issued both such rule and such plan. This subsection shall not apply to exemptions from occupant protection standards if the exemption is for a vehicle that will not carry its operator or passengers. This subsection shall not apply to exemptions from crashworthiness standards if the exemption sought is for a standard addressing the steering control system and it is for a vehicle that— ‘‘(1) will not have a steering control system; ‘‘(2) provides impact protection to an occu-pant in the front left seat at a level at least equal to the level provided in nonexempt vehi-cles; and ‘‘(3) provides a safety level at least equal to the safety level of the standard for which the exemption is sought. ‘‘(j) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—A manufac-turer granted an exemption under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii), (iv), or (v), shall provide informa-tion about all crashes of which it has actual knowledge involving such exempted vehicles, re-gardless of whether a claim is submitted to the manufacturer, in accordance with part 579 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(k) P
ROCESS AND ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of Transportation shall publish in the Federal Register a notice that details the process and analysis used for the consideration of exemption or renewal applications under sub-section (b)(3)(B)(v). ‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC REVIEW AND UPDATING .—The notice required by paragraph (1) shall be re-viewed every 5 years and updated if the Sec-retary considers it necessary. ‘‘(l) E
XEMPTION DATABASE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a publicly available and searchable elec-tronic database of each motor vehicle for which an exemption from motor vehicle safety stand-ards prescribed under this chapter or a bumper standard prescribed under chapter 325 has been granted. ‘‘(2) V
EHICLE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER .—The database established under paragraph (1) shall be searchable by Vehicle Identification Number and shall include no information identifying the vehicle owner.’’. 
SEC. 7. MOTOR VEHICLE TESTING OR EVALUA-TION. 
Section 30112(b)(10) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘that prior to the date of en-actment of this paragraph’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘motor vehicles into the United States that are cer-tified’’ and inserting ‘‘into the United States motor vehicles that are certified, or motor vehi-cle equipment utilized in a motor vehicle that is certified,’’; (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (4) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), respec-tively, and moving their margins 2 ems to the right; (5) by striking ‘‘evaluation by a manufacturer that agrees not to sell or offer for sale’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘evaluation by— ‘‘(A) a manufacturer that agrees not to sell or lease or offer for sale or lease’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) a manufacturer of highly automated ve-hicles, automated driving systems, or compo-nents of automated driving systems that agrees not to sell or lease or offer for sale or lease the highly automated vehicles, automated driving systems, or components of automated driving systems at the conclusion of the testing or eval-uation and— ‘‘(i) has submitted to the Secretary— ‘‘(I) the name of the individual, partnership, corporation, or institution of higher education and a point of contact; ‘‘(II) the residence address of the individual, partnership, corporation, or institution of high-er education and State of incorporation if appli-cable; ‘‘(III) a description of each type of motor ve-hicle used during development of highly auto-mated vehicles, automated driving systems, or components of automated driving systems manu-factured by the individual, partnership, cor-poration, or institution of higher education; and ‘‘(IV) proof of insurance for any State in which the individual, partnership, corporation, or institution of higher education intends to test or evaluate highly automated vehicles; and ‘‘(ii) if applicable, has identified an agent for service of process in accordance with part 551 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations.’’. SEC. 8. INFORMATION ON HIGHLY AUTOMATED DRIVING SYSTEMS MADE AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE BUYERS. 
(a) R ESEARCH .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall complete research to de-termine the most effective method and termi-nology for informing consumers for each highly automated vehicle or a vehicle that performs partial driving automation about the capabili-ties and limitations of that vehicle. The Sec-retary shall determine whether such information is based upon or includes the terminology as de-fined by SAE International in Recommended Practice Report J3016 (published September 2016) or whether such description should include al-ternative terminology. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—After the completion of the study required under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to require manufacturers to inform consumers of the capabilities and limitations of a vehicle’s driving automation system or feature for any highly automated vehicle or any vehicle that performs partial driving automation. 
SEC. 9. HIGHLY AUTOMATED VEHICLE ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish in the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration a Highly Automated Vehicle Advisory Council (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘Coun-cil’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—Members of the Council shall include a diverse group representative of business, academia and independent research-ers, State and local authorities, safety and con-sumer advocates, engineers, labor organizations, environmental experts, a representative of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.005 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6670 September 6, 2017 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, and other members determined to be appro-priate by the Secretary. Any subcommittee of the Council shall be composed of not less than 15 and not more than 30 members appointed by the Secretary. (c) T
ERMS .—Members of the Council shall be appointed by the Secretary of Transportation and shall serve for a term of three years. (d) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy occurring in the membership of the Council shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment for the position being vacated. The vacancy shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the duties of the Council. (e) D
UTIES AND SUBCOMMITTEES .—The Coun-cil may form subcommittees as needed to under-take information gathering activities, develop technical advice, and present best practices or recommendations to the Secretary regarding— (1) advancing mobility access for the disabled community with respect to the deployment of automated driving systems to identify impedi-ments to their use and ensure an awareness of the needs of the disabled community as these ve-hicles are being designed for distribution in com-merce; (2) mobility access for senior citizens and pop-ulations underserved by traditional public transportation services and educational out-reach efforts with respect to the testing and dis-tribution of highly automated vehicles in com-merce; (3) cybersecurity for the testing, deployment, and updating of automated driving systems with respect to supply chain risk management, inter-actions with Information Sharing and Analysis Centers and Information Sharing and Analysis Organizations, and a framework for identifying and implementing recalls of motor vehicles or motor vehicle equipment; (4) the development of a framework that al-lows manufacturers of highly automated vehi-cles to share with each other and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration rel-evant, situational information related to any testing or deployment event on public streets re-sulting or that reasonably could have resulted in damage to the vehicle or any occupant there-of and validation of such vehicles in a manner that does not risk public disclosure of such in-formation or disclosure of confidential business information; (5) labor and employment issues that may be affected by the deployment of highly automated vehicles; (6) the environmental impacts of the deploy-ment of highly automated vehicles, and the de-velopment and deployment of alternative fuel infrastructure alongside the development and deployment of highly automated vehicles; (7) protection of consumer privacy and secu-rity of information collected by highly auto-mated vehicles; (8) cabin safety for highly automated vehicle passengers, and how automated driving systems may impact collision vectors, overall crash-worthiness, and the use and placement of air-bags, seatbelts, anchor belts, head restraints, and other protective features in the cabin; (9) the testing and deployment of highly auto-mated vehicles and automated driving systems in areas that are rural, remote, mountainous, insular, or unmapped to evaluate operational limitations caused by natural geographical or man-made features, or adverse weather condi-tions, and to enhance the safety and reliability of highly automated vehicles and automated driving systems used in such areas with such features or conditions; and (10) independent verification and validation procedures for highly automated vehicles that may be useful to safeguard motor vehicle safety. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The recommenda-tions of the Council shall also be reported to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (g) FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The establishment and operation of the Council and any subcommittees of the Council shall conform to the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (h) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On request of the Council, the Secretary shall provide such tech-nical assistance to the Council as the Secretary determines to be necessary to carry out the Council’s duties. (i) D
ETAIL OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—On the request of the Council, the Secretary may detail, with or without reimbursement, any of the per-sonnel of the Department of Transportation to the Council to assist the Council in carrying out its duties. Any detail shall not interrupt or oth-erwise affect the civil service status or privileges of the Federal employee. (j) P
AYMENT AND EXPENSES .—Members of the Council shall serve without pay, except travel and per diem will be paid each member for meet-ings called by the Secretary. (k) T
ERMINATION .—The Council and any sub-committees of the Council shall terminate 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10. REAR SEAT OCCUPANT ALERT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 30130 (as added by section 5) the following new section: ‘‘§ 30131. Rear seat occupant alert system ‘‘(a) R
ULEMAKING REQUIRED .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall issue a final rule re-quiring all new passenger motor vehicles weigh-ing less than 10,000 pounds gross vehicle weight to be equipped with an alarm system to alert the operator to check rear designated seating posi-tions after the vehicle motor or engine is deacti-vated by the operator. ‘‘(b) P
HASE-IN.—The rule issued pursuant to subsection (a) shall require full compliance with the rule beginning on September 1st of the cal-endar year that begins 2 years after the date on which the final rule is issued. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) the term ‘passenger motor vehicle’ has the meaning given that term in section 32101; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘rear designated seating posi-tion’ means any designated seating position that is rearward of the front seat.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 30130 (as added by sec-tion 5) the following new item: ‘‘30131. Rear seat occupant alert system.’’. 
SEC. 11. HEADLAMPS. 
(a) S AFETY RESEARCH INITIATIVE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall com-plete research into the development of updated motor vehicle safety standards or performance requirements for motor vehicle headlamps that would improve the performance of headlamps and improve overall safety. (b) R
ULEMAKING OR REPORT .— (1) R
ULEMAKING .—After the completion of the research required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to revise the motor vehicle safety standards regard-ing headlamps if the Secretary determines that a revision of the standards meets the require-ments and considerations set forth in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 30111 of title 49, United States Code. (2) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary determines that a revision to the standard described in para-graph (1) does not meet the requirements and considerations set forth in such subsections, the Secretary shall submit a report describing the reasons for not revising the standard to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. SEC. 12. PRIVACY PLAN REQUIRED FOR HIGHLY AUTOMATED VEHICLES. 
(a) P RIVACY PLAN.—A manufacturer may not sell, offer for sale, introduce or deliver for intro-duction in interstate commerce, or import into the United States, any highly automated vehi-cle, vehicle that performs partial driving auto-mation, or automated driving system unless the manufacturer has developed a privacy plan that includes the following: (1) A written privacy plan with respect to the collection, use, sharing, and storage of informa-tion about vehicle owners or occupants collected by a highly automated vehicle, vehicle that per-forms partial driving automation, or automated driving system. Such policy shall include the following: (A) The practices of the manufacturer with re-spect to the way that information about vehicle owners or occupants is collected, used, shared, or stored. (B) The practices of the manufacturer with re-spect to the choices offered to vehicle owners or occupants regarding the collection, use, sharing, and storage of such information. (C) The practices of the manufacturer with re-spect to the data minimization, de-identifica-tion, and retention of information about vehicle owners or occupants. (D) The practices of the manufacturer with respect to extending its privacy plan to the enti-ties it shares such information with. (2) A method for providing notice to vehicle owners or occupants about the privacy policy. (3) If information about vehicle owners or oc-cupants is altered or combined so that the infor-mation can no longer reasonably be linked to the highly automated vehicle, vehicle that per-forms partial driving automation, or automated driving system from which the information is re-trieved, the vehicle owner, or occupants, the manufacturer is not required to include the process or practices regarding that information in the privacy policy. (4) If information about an occupant is anonymized or encrypted the manufacturer is not required to include the process or practices regarding that information in the privacy pol-icy. (b) S
TUDY .—The Federal Trade Commission shall conduct a study and submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the highly automated vehicle market-place, including an examination of the fol-lowing issues: (1) Which entities in the ecosystem have ac-cess to vehicle owner or occupant data. (2) Which entities in the highly automated ve-hicle marketplace have privacy plans. (3) What are the terms and disclosures made in such privacy plans, including regarding the collection, use, sharing, and storage of vehicle owner or occupant data. (4) What disclosures are made to consumers about such privacy plans. (5) What methods are available to enable dele-tion of information about vehicle owners or oc-cupants from any data storage system within the vehicle (other than a system that is critical to the safety or operation of the vehicle) before the vehicle is sold, leased, or rented, or other-wise occupied by a new owner or occupant. (c) F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION ENFORCE -
MENT .—A violation of subsection (a) shall be treated as a an unfair or deceptive act or prac-tice within the meaning of section 5(a)(1) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(1)). The Federal Trade Commission shall enforce this section in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Com-mission Act were incorporated into and made a part of this Act. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.005 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6671 September 6, 2017 
this section and shall only apply to highly auto-mated vehicles, vehicles that perform partial driving automation, or automated driving sys-tems first introduced after the effective date of this section. 
SEC. 13. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 49, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—Section 30102 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (13) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), (15), (16), and (17), respectively; (B) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(1) ‘automated driving system’ means the hardware and software that are collectively ca-pable of performing the entire dynamic driving task on a sustained basis, regardless of whether such system is limited to a specific operational design domain.’’; (C) by inserting after paragraph (5) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(6) ‘dynamic driving task’ means all of the real time operational and tactical functions re-quired to operate a vehicle in on-road traffic, excluding the strategic functions such as trip scheduling and selection of destinations and waypoints, and including— ‘‘(A) lateral vehicle motion control via steer-ing; ‘‘(B) longitudinal vehicle motion control via acceleration and deceleration; ‘‘(C) monitoring the driving environment via object and event detection, recognition, classi-fication, and response preparation; ‘‘(D) object and event response execution; ‘‘(E) maneuver planning; and ‘‘(F) enhancing conspicuity via lighting, sig-naling, and gesturing. ‘‘(7) ‘highly automated vehicle’— ‘‘(A) means a motor vehicle equipped with an automated driving system; and ‘‘(B) does not include a commercial motor ve-hicle (as defined in section 31101).’’; (D) by inserting after paragraph (13) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(14) ‘operational design domain’ means the specific conditions under which a given driving automation system or feature thereof is designed to function.’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(18) ‘vehicle that performs partial driving automation’ does not include a commercial motor vehicle (as defined in section 31101).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EVISIONS TO CERTAIN DEFINITIONS .— ‘‘(1) If SAE International (or its successor or-ganization) revises the definition of any of the terms defined in paragraph (1), (6), or (14) of subsection (a) in Recommended Practice Report J3016, it shall notify the Secretary of the revi-sion. The Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register to inform the public of the new definition unless, within 90 days after receiving notice of the new definition and after opening a period for public comment on the new defini-tion, the Secretary notifies SAE International (or its successor organization) that the Secretary has determined that the new definition does not meet the need for motor vehicle safety, or is oth-erwise inconsistent with the purposes of this chapter. If the Secretary so notifies SAE Inter-national (or its successor organization), the ex-isting definition in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary does not reject a defini-tion revised by SAE International (or its suc-cessor organization) as described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall promptly make any con-forming amendments to the regulations and standards of the Secretary that are necessary. The revised definition shall apply for purposes of this chapter. The requirements of section 553 of title 5 shall not apply to the making of any such conforming amendments. ‘‘(3) Pursuant to section 553 of title 5, the Sec-retary may update any of the definitions in paragraph (1), (6), or (14) of subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that materially changed circumstances regarding highly automated vehi-cles have impacted motor vehicle safety such that the definitions need to be updated to reflect such circumstances.’’. (b) DEFINITIONS IN THISACT.—As used in this Act— (1) the term ‘‘automated driving system’’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (a) of section 30102 of title 49, United States Code, sub-ject to any revisions made to the definition of such term pursuant to subsection (c) of such section; (2) the term ‘‘highly automated vehicle’’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (a) of section 30102 of title 49, United States Code, not subject to any revision under subsection (c) of such section; and (3) the term ‘‘vehicle that performs partial driving automation’’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (a) of section 30102 of title 49, United States Code, not subject to any revision under subsection (c) of such section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), who is the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I would like to thank him for all the work he has done on this bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have put enormous work into that, all the members of the com-mittee, and especially Mr. L
ATTA for his great leadership. Today marks a really important milestone in the pursuit to make our roadways safer and support American leadership in self-driving innovation. So the SELF DRIVE Act, H.R. 3388, is something we can all support. Simply put, the rapidly advancing technology behind highly autonomous vehicles is stunning. I speak from some experience because a few months ago I got the opportunity to ride in a self- driving car with engineers and experi-enced a vehicle perform without any need for human intervention. Though we can look to a future that fulfills the promise of these innova-tions, we cannot ignore the current troubling trend in the number of lives that are lost on our roadways in Amer-ica. Given the latest roadway fatality numbers, this technology is especially needed today. Almost 40,000 people lost their lives on our roads last year. That represents another yearly increase in traffic-re-lated fatalities. In my own State of Or-egon, traffic fatalities were the highest they have seen in 14 years—up 20 per-cent from the prior year. Statistics tell us 94 percent of acci-dents relate to human behavior. During our morning commute into work, just look around. We see folks on their phones in the cars next to us doing other things. While the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration can’t write a safety standard to make us all perfect drivers, it can work to avoid lifesaving technologies to avoid collisions. That is part of what this bi-partisan legislation will put in place. This bill is also about ensuring America stays a global leader in the development of self-driving technology. After all, the auto industry is respon-sible for more than 7 million American jobs nationwide and drives more than $900 billion into the economy each year. We want to see these numbers grow, we want this innovation to occur here, and we want to bring greater traffic safety to our roadways. Additionally, self-driving cars hold the promise of better access to trans-portation for our Nation’s 47 million senior citizens, 27 million Americans with severe disabilities, and the many communities across the country under-served by public transportation. For Americans to enjoy all these ben-efits, we needed to put together a framework that is national and will drive it, and that is what this bill does. I want to commend Mr. LATTA , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. U PTON , Mrs. D INGELL , and my friend, F
RANK PALLONE , the ranking member on the committee, for all their great work on this legislation. We can be proud of the product the En-ergy and Commerce Committee has brought to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge people to support H.R. 3388. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan approach to autono-mous vehicles reflected in the SELF DRIVE Act. As ranking member of the Digital Commerce and Consumer Pro-tection Subcommittee, I have been so pleased to be able to work with Chair-man L
ATTA to reach agreements on the legislation before the House today. It is not the bill I think that either one of us would have written on our own, but it does reflect a bipartisan agreement that we reached after months of nego-tiation, and I appreciate that very much. Autonomous vehicles have great po-tential to improve safety on our roads by reducing accidents caused by human error, which most accidents are. My goal throughout this process has been to make sure that this technology is deployed safely and that we also ad-vance existing safety technologies. The SELF DRIVE Act lays out a framework for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, NHTSA, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.005 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6672 September 6, 2017 
to promote safe adoption of AVs. Man-datory safety assessment certifications will ensure that NHTSA receives the data that it needs to evaluate safety as autonomous vehicles appear on our roads. Within a year of enactment, NHTSA will lay out a priority plan for what new safety standards need to be written and which existing standards must be updated. In addition, the bill requires manufacturers to write cyber-security and consumer privacy plans as they develop AV technology. The legislation allows for exemptions to existing vehicle safety standards. For example, there may be some vehi-cles that really don’t need a steering wheel. It is hard to imagine now. But we ensure that NHTSA explains its process for granting any safety exemp-tions. The maximum number of exemp-tions per automobile will scale up in-crementally. To receive an exemption, a manufac-turer must show equivalent safety, a manufacturer must report crashes in-volving exempted vehicles, and ex-empted vehicles must be listed in a public database. This bill also has safety improve-ments that go beyond autonomous ve-hicles. NHTSA will work to improve the performance of headlamps. In 2 years, NHTSA will issue a rule requir-ing an alert system to warn drivers if a child or pet is left in the backseat. Al-ready this year, 37 children have died from heatstroke after being left in hot cars. This hot cars provision, which Congressman T
IMRYAN, Congressman P
ETER KING, and I introduced as a standalone bill, will save lives. A broad range of stakeholders have been involved and will be involved in the future of self-driving workers. That is why we set up an advisory council which will include industry, academics, labor, State and local government, con-sumer advocates, and environmental experts. As self-driving cars are developed, we must examine critical issues. Will sen-iors and people with disabilities share in the benefits of autonomous vehicles? Ensuring accessibility may require fur-ther policy changes. We also need to grapple with the disruption self-driving cars may cause in employment. Even though this legislation generally ex-cludes commercial vehicles—and addi-tional clarity may be needed—self-driv-ing cars may displace workers who make their livelihoods behind the wheel. Once the House passes this bill, I look forward to working with stake-holders and our Senate colleagues to send consensus legislation to the Presi-dent’s desk. I believe we could go fur-ther to improve consumer safety and strengthen protections to put con-sumers in control of their data. We must also keep working to refine the Federal, State, and local roles in ensur-ing safe roads and protecting access to courts when necessary. Mr. Speaker, today’s vote is the next step in that process. I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of the SELF DRIVE Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first, let me just thank the gentlewoman from Illinois, the ranking member on the subcommittee, for her hard work on the legislation. I really appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act, which we advanced out of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote of 54–0 in July. This compromise legislation aims to improve consumer safety by reduc-ing traffic-related fatalities and inju-ries, clarify the Federal and State roles, and stimulate job growth and economic opportunities. Many of you have heard these road-way safety statistics, but they again bear repeating. Each year, approxi-mately 6 million Americans are in-volved in car accidents resulting in nearly 2 million injuries. Ninety-four percent of the accidents are attributed to human errors or decisions. In 2016 approximately 40,000 people lost their lives on U.S. highways. Sadly, in my home State of Ohio, traffic deaths have been on the rise over the last few years. We have an opportunity today to sup-port and promote the safe testing and deploying of this life-saving tech-nology. U.S. companies are investing major resources in the research and de-velopment of this technology and should not be held up by regulatory barriers that were created when self- driving cars were science fiction. We must act, and we must act now. The SELF DRIVE Act establishes a streamlined path for the testing, devel-opment, and deployment of self-driving cars in the United States. While this technology is currently being tested in certain parts of the country, there are limits to who can test and what tech-nology can be used in cars today. Fed-eral motor vehicle safety standards need to be updated because self-driving cars may not have the traditional steering wheels and brake pedals that all cars have today. Additionally, this legislation maxi-mizes opportunities for research and development here in the United States to create jobs and grow economic op-portunities so that the United States can remain a global leader in this in-dustry. With this legislation, innova-tion can flourish without the heavy hand of government. Finally, this legislation will enhance the ability of our senior citizens, the disability community, and individuals in underserved communities enjoy more mobility and live more independ-ently. This legislation is the first of its kind, focused on the car of the future that is more of a supercomputer on wheels. This issue started with our good friend and colleague, Dr. B
UR-
GESS, who held the first disrupter se-ries hearing on self-driving cars last Congress. Again, we would also not be where we are today if it weren’t for the leader-ship of Chairperson WALDEN and the great working relationship and co-operation of Ranking Member P
AL-
LONE , Ranking Member S CHAKOWSKY , and Ranking Member D
INGELL , as well as our many cosponsors. I appreciate their comments, suggestions, and input. We have held multiple hearings, technology showcases, and real-life demonstrations for our committee’s members to learn about the opportuni-ties and challenges presented by self- driving cars. I also want to acknowledge the stakeholders who have been willing to work with us. The automotive industry is a competitive and vibrant market-place and touches every congressional district in the country. b1130 In the process of drafting and mark-ing up this legislation, we had over 300 meetings with automakers, tech com-panies, suppliers, trade associations, the disability community, senior State transportation leaders, and, last but not least, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Safety should and always will be our number one priority. We have said and will continue to say: Safety first, safe-ty last, safety always. I truly believe this bill will make a real difference for everyday Americans. In closing, I want to thank our great staff for their hard work late nights and weekends to get us where we are to this historic vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I thank him for his support. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act. I want to start by thanking Chair-men W
ALDEN and L ATTA , Ranking Member S
CHAKOWSKY , and the other members of the Energy and Commerce Committee for all their work to reach a bipartisan agreement on this bill. Self-driving cars have the potential in the future to reduce deaths and inju-ries from car crashes, particularly those that result from driver distrac-tion. This bill allows for testing and deployment of self-driving cars to help the United States reach that potential sooner. This legislation also includes impor-tant provisions that ensure safety is the top priority as self-driving cars are developed. For example, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration will be required to issue rules and new safety standards for highly automated vehicles. The auto industry will be required to submit safety assessment certifi-cations that detail how their vehicles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:38 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.022 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6673 September 6, 2017 
are tested and function on the road. We also insist that any manufacturer en-tering this market must have cyberse-curity and privacy practices in place before their cars are sold. Self-driving cars will not come all at once. Human drivers will be on the roads for the foreseeable future. So this bill also contains legislative initiatives geared toward protecting drivers and passengers, including requirements to ensure kids are not forgotten in hot cars and that all new cars have the lat-est technology in their headlamps. It also ensures NHTSA is able to con-sider whether a car functions as in-tended, not just whether it meets a specific standard. We also encourage NHTSA to come up with a plan on how it can alter testing using ranges so that cars cannot be built just to meet a particular test. This bill is not perfect. It is a bipar-tisan compromise and a product of what we can accomplish when we work together. As this bill moves to the Sen-ate, I remain committed to continuing bipartisan efforts to address any issues and to ensure that safety is not com-promised. I want to thank, again, all of the key leaders on both the Democratic and Re-publican side for making this happen today. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. U
PTON ), chairman of the En-ergy Subcommittee on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act. This legislation and tech-nology is, indeed, going to play a very important role in improving motor ve-hicle safety and addressing the rising number of traffic-related fatalities. As the birthplace of the automobile industry, my home State of Michigan is a well-known home to innovative suppliers and manufacturers that make our cars and trucks safer, more effi-cient, and, yes, more affordable. It is also a nexus of engineering and re-search talent, which makes it perfect for the development of the next phase of vehicular mobility: autonomous ve-hicles. It is here. In 2015, more than 35,000 folks lost their lives on U.S. highways. Early es-timates indicate that number may have increased to more than 40,000 last year. In Michigan, there were 1,064 traffic facilities, a 7 percent increase over the previous year. NHTSA has found that 94 percent of these fatalities are related to human error. This legislation on autonomous vehi-cles, which includes the PAVE Act, au-thored by myself and my good friend from Michigan, D
EBBIE DINGELL , will go a long way to taking human error out of driving and making roads safer for every American. Forget about ‘‘The Jetsons.’’ It is over. The future of the automobile is here, and this bill will give the auto-motive industry the tools it needs to completely revolutionize how we are going to get around for generations to come. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ), a mem-ber of the Digital Commerce and Con-sumer Protection Subcommittee and a major contributor to this legislation. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the SELF DRIVE Act. With this legislation, we have the opportunity to unlock autonomous ve-hicle innovation and help improve the quality of life for millions. Today, so many of our neighbors, friends, and family face mobility chal-lenges. Many seniors and people with disabilities are not able to use a car to do errands, go to doctor appointments, and visit loved ones. For millions of people who travel our roads, this tech-nology has the potential to prevent ac-cidents and save lives. That is why we must act to put policies in place that allow AVs to be tested and deployed, with an emphasis on consumer protec-tions. In my home district of Sacramento and across California, we recognize the promise of AV technology and are de-veloping a pathway for its safe testing and deployment. Sacramento’s ATOS lab aims to foster a public-private con-sortium of government agencies and AV companies by leveraging Sac-ramento’s 5G network, an ideal loca-tion. The legislation we are considering today allows California to continue to lead, while protecting roadway safety. With the SELF DRIVE Act, we are preserving the important AV deploy-ment work happening at the State level and also creating the foundation for a strong Federal framework to build on our progress and protect driv-ers and pedestrians. I am also pleased that this bill con-tains language on legislation I intro-duced, the MORE Act, which ensures technology companies, auto manufac-turers, and new market entrants are on a level playing field for testing AVs. Just as the development of the per-sonal computer has revolutionized our daily lives, so, too, will the employ-ment of autonomous vehicle tech-nology. This legislation, which passed the Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously, puts us on a path to-wards innovation that, up until re-cently, seemed unimaginable. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we work together to move this legislation for-ward. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), chairman of the Health Subcommittee on the Energy and Com-merce Committee. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the country has stood, first, in awe of the power that was un-leashed on the Texas-Louisiana coast, and then in admiration of constituents up and down the Texas and Louisiana coast as they face this difficulty and work together to get through it. This bill today is also a product of people working together. Through at least two sessions of Congress we have now come with self-driving vehicle leg-islation that is going to change our economy. This bill will allow developers room to grow, while making certain that the technology is safe for consumers. This act will create jobs and ensure that we remain the global leader in innovation. Most importantly, the self-driving ve-hicle legislation has the ability to save lives. Throughout my life, I have seen the lifesaving effects of advancements in vehicle technology, starting with the seat belt, to the air bag, to antilock brakes. Self-driving vehicles are the next step in this trajectory. The Energy and Commerce Com-mittee has dedicated a lot to this tech-nology and its ability to save lives, and, certainly, the last term of Con-gress, the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee that Mr. LATTA now chairs. I am proud to see the product of our work come to the floor. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for yielding and for her leadership and work on the great Energy and Commerce Com-mittee in the House. My congressional district is home to the engineers, innovators, and devel-opers who are pioneering the tech-nologies that are transitioning us to a driverless world. That is why I support H.R. 3388, and it is my hope that the regulatory framework established by this bill is going to ensure that the United States of America is the leader in the world’s next great revolution in transportation. I believe that we are, that we will be, and that this bill boosts the effort. Throughout committee consideration of this bill, I stressed the need for bi-partisanship on this issue so that the American people would have con-fidence in the steps that we were tak-ing. And so it is. It is, I think, in the spirit of the original Federal auto-motive safety standards that passed Congress nearly unanimously in 1966. This bill was improved significantly in the committee, and the final bill, very importantly, preserves the role that States have played to regulate matters such as vehicle registration, li-censing, insurance, and liability, while, at the Federal level, ensuring that manufacturers submit safety certifi-cations to NHTSA, placing the agency on the path toward issuing full safety standards for autonomous vehicles. The bill also includes my language to require a study of the environmental impacts of autonomous vehicles, as well as the intersection between auton-omous and electric vehicles. The AV 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.024 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6674 September 6, 2017 
revolution is happening on top of the ongoing electrification revolution, and I think the AV advisory council can provide important insight to Congress, States, and localities about how to sup-port growing these fleets. For all these reasons and more, Mr. Speaker, I urge all House Members to support H.R. 3388. I think it deserves unanimous support, as it did in our committee, and that this will be good for America and keep us in a leadership position on the all-important issues that are established by this bill. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. H
ARPER ), vice chairman of the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act. The bipartisan bill we are consid-ering today is vital not only to all Americans, but especially individuals with disabilities. My wife, Sidney, and I have an adult son, Livingston, who has special needs. He wants to go everywhere. He has a job Monday through Friday, but he can’t drive, so he is dependent on his family and friends to get him around. In the disability community, the lack of transportation is the number one ob-stacle to employment and security in society. I previously introduced the Dis-ability Mobility Advisory Council Act, which creates a forum for individuals with disabilities to work with manu-facturers, suppliers, and regulators to identify impediments and ways in which the needs of this community can best be met by self-driving car tech-nology. I appreciate the chairman in-cluding the general intent of my bill in the SELF DRIVE Act. Self-driving vehicles can open the door for the disability community to access new job markets and opportuni-ties and to have an even more active role in our society. I urge support of this bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ), a mem-ber of the Digital Commerce and Con-sumer Protection Subcommittee and someone who has put in a lot of time and effort on this legislation. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman J
AN S
CHAKOWSKY , for yielding and for her leadership on making this happen, as well as thanking Chairman L
ATTA , Chairman W
ALDEN , Ranking Member P
ALLONE , and my good friend F RED U
PTON from Michigan. The hard work here has gotten us to the point where we are today. The SELF DRIVE Act is going to improve our economy and save lives on the road. Passing this bill today means we are one step closer to signing a responsible framework for the deployment of high-ly automated vehicles into law. It means we are going to improve mobil-ity for seniors and people with disabil-ities, reduce congestion on the road, improve energy consumption, and, as everyone has said, actually improve safety on the road. b1145 More than 35,000 people died on our roadways. And as you heard Mr. UPTON  say, we are hearing 40,000 self-driving cars has the promise to save lives when 90 percent of those are by human error, but only if we get it right. And that is why it is so important that we study these issues and do this the right way. Our legislation ensures that safety is at the forefront by requiring manufac-turers to submit safety assessment cer-tifications before one self-driving vehi-cle hits the road. It also requires that manufacturers, for the very first time, submit a plan for how we will address both cybersecurity and data privacy. It is moving the needle forward on safety while providing a reactive and flexible framework for the regulation of self- driving cars. Today we are one step closer to re-shaping American innovation for gen-erations to come. We cannot let this opportunity slip by us. It is essential to ensure the future of American inno-vation because this is fundamentally an issue of American competitiveness. Automated vehicles are going to be developed, whether we want it or not, and it is a question about whether we are going to remain in the driver’s seat and not secede it to China or India or Western Europe. The SELF DRIVE Act steers us in the right direction on these important issues. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the SELF DRIVE Act. This groundbreaking work of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee is the first major step toward establishing a clear legal and regu-latory framework for autonomous vehi-cle deployment. Self-driving cars are going to trans-form many aspects of American life and our economy. Autonomous vehicle technology will spur job creation while increasing productivity, accessibility, and safety for consumers across the country. The potential benefits are tremen-dous. Those with limited mobility will have new transportation options, and self-driving cars can reverse the rising trend of distracted and impaired driv-ers, road accidents, and highway fatali-ties. Autonomous vehicles can help turn the tide. Innovators are waiting to jump into this exciting new market. We need to be their partners in this 21st century groundbreaking achievement. I thank Chairman L
ATTA and Rank-ing Member S
CHAKOWSKY for leading this bipartisan effort through the U.S. House. Let’s drive into the future. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the great State of New York (Ms. CLARKE ), a member of our subcommittee. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act. As you may know, autonomous vehicles are the wave of the future, and they are here now. As innovative technology for these vehicles develop, our Nation’s trans-portation system will be transformed, decreasing the number of traffic colli-sions, enhancing mobility for the elder-ly, disabled, and poor, and lowering fuel consumption. My constituents in the Ninth Con-gressional District of New York will benefit greatly from autonomous vehi-cles, which will allow for smarter, fast-er, and more fuel-efficient travel. I am pleased that proper cybersecu-rity protections are included in the leg-islation. As you may know, cybersecu-rity protections for self-driving vehi-cles is of great interest, particularly in today’s environment, to ensure that these vehicles not only meet techno-logical challenges, but there is a plan in place to meet public safety stand-ards and prevent and tackle potential hacks and/or terrorism. I am so pleased that H.R. 3407, the legislation I introduced with Congress-man A
DAM KINZINGER is included in H.R. 3388. The cybersecurity portion of the bill requires manufacturers to de-velop a written cybersecurity policy. Within the cybersecurity policy, manu-facturers would address the following: one, a process for identifying, assess-ing, and mitigating reasonable foresee-able vulnerabilities from cyber attacks or unauthorized intrusions; and two, a process for taking preventive and cor-rective action to mitigate against these vulnerabilities, including inci-dent response plans, intrusion detec-tion, and prevention systems that safe-guard key controls, systems, and pro-cedures through testing and/or moni-toring. This legislation requires companies to develop a more comprehensive cy-bersecurity plan, which can mitigate, correct, intersect, and identify immi-nent threats. Fostering consumer con-fidence will include ensuring an estab-lished system built to protect sensitive information in our technological age. I am pleased to be a Member of this com-mittee. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the SELF DRIVE Act, which will improve transportation safety, stimulate economic growth, and ensure we are embracing the full poten-tial of technological advances in the automotive industry with respect to autonomous vehicles. I am especially proud that my bill, the ACCESS Act, has been included in this important legislative package, which ensures that self-driving cars are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.025 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6675 September 6, 2017 
developed with seniors and the under-served in mind. Approximately 20 percent of Florid-ians are over the age of 65, and many struggle with simple tasks most of us take for granted, such as getting to work, going to the doctor, taking a trip to the grocery store or across town to visit family. Self-driving cars hold the power to safely put seniors and our constituents back in the driver’s seat of their lives, providing them with greater independ-ence and mobility. I urge all my col-leagues to support the passage of this very important bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ), my colleague on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, this has been a bipartisan effort. It has been good. We made some progress. I want to say a few things, though. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the SELF DRIVE Act. This legislation puts us on a path towards safely deploying autonomous vehicles. I am glad to see that it has strong bipartisan support. Autonomous vehicles offer many ben-efits, including tremendous lifesaving potential. Approximately 40,000 people are killed on our highways every year in deadly automobile accidents. About 3,600 of those accidents took place in my home State of California. AVs can also transform mobility for millions of people who otherwise face difficulty driving, such as seniors and those with disabilities, including 3.8 million veterans in our country living with service-connected disabilities. That is more than 17 percent of vet-erans in this country. AVs can help connect underserved communities, as well as reduce traffic congestion on our roads, and increase our Nation’s productivity and competi-tiveness in the global economy. While I am glad that we are taking these steps for this legislation today, our work cannot stop here. As the tech-nology evolves, we must ensure that the benefits are being maximized for consumers. This means making sure that the vehicles are safely and appro-priately tested, that strong consumer privacy and cybersecurity protections are in place, and that we are fully pre-paring Americans for the new employ-ment opportunities that this industry will create. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Illinois has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Ohio has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ). Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, self- driving cars, once a providence of science fiction, are quickly becoming a reality. Self-driving vehicle technology has the potential to increase access to transportation in our rural commu-nities, freedom for those unable to drive today, and improved safety for thousands of Hoosiers and other citi-zens across the country. Furthermore, development of this in-novative technology maintains Amer-ica’s technological leadership in the world and presents new economic op-portunities for our citizens. The SELF DRIVE Act creates a regu-latory framework to allow for self-driv-ing vehicle technology to continue moving forward while also ensuring consumers are protected. I ask my colleagues to join me today and vote in favor of this bipartisan package. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the Congressman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues on the floor of the House dealing with au-tonomous vehicles. I think this is one of the most important issues that no-body is really focused on. I wish it were not on the suspension calendar and we had a chance to spend several hours discussing it here. What you have done is forge a bipar-tisan coalition to be able to leapfrog going forward, to be able to not just focus on safety, but how autonomous vehicles have the opportunity to re-shape the American landscape dealing with recovering right-of-way and being able to have new economic opportuni-ties. But this must be done right. The fact that ‘‘Driver’’ is the number 1 category of employment for men without a col-lege education, means there could be some problems here. If we don’t do it right, we can actually increase conges-tion rather than decrease it. But I think you have established the framework to allow us to go forward, to be able to capitalize on this innova-tion, to be able to accelerate American leadership and avoid the problem we had with drones where the FAA was not really capable of dealing with drones which were more like flying cell phones than dealing with jets. You are trying to lay a foundation that I think is going to help us avoid that problem, and it is going to pay dividends for years to come. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. M
ULLIN ). Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, the House today will vote on an important piece of Federal legislation regarding self- driving vehicles that many on this body on both sides of the aisle have worked on. This legislation promises to make roads safer by reducing traffic-related fatalities and unlock new economic op-portunities and jobs in the U.S. It is also vital in our efforts to promote in-novation. Industry is driving the development of self-driving vehicles, but in certain situations, companies building and testing the car of the future may need some flexibility or certainty. With this legislation, I hope the re-search, development, and testing that is unleashed will stimulate additional knowledge and innovation for pas-senger motor safety. We, as the government, need to make sure that safety is first and foremost in our consideration. Passing this legisla-tion will help get lifesaving technology to the public, perhaps preventing deaths in the not-so-near future. I strongly support this bipartisan legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON), the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the majority and minority of the Energy and Commerce Committee for bringing this unanimous legislation to the floor on self-driving vehicles, which are rev-olutionizing the way we conceptualize travel. Self-driving cars have the potential to lower our infrastructure and mobil-ity costs, enhance safety on our roads, and enhance mobility in our cities. However, like any complex tech-nology, self-driving cars pose new chal-lenges for the regulatory landscape and our labor markets. That is why I am pleased to support H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act, which seeks to foster inno-vation in this space while offering pro-tection for consumers. The SELF DRIVE Act is one of the many important bills that will need to be considered by Congress in order to define Federal and State regulatory roles, provide the U.S. Department of Transportation the tools it needs to update safety standards, and ensure that the American people are not left behind as we transition to a 21st cen-tury workforce. Particularly, I am pleased to see that H.R. 3388 allows the creation of the Highly Automated Ve-hicle Advisory Council. Mr. Speaker, self-driving vehicles are revo-lutionizing the way that we conceptualize trav-el. Self-driving cars have the potential to lower our infrastructure and mobility costs, enhance safety on our roads, and enhance mobility within our cities. However, like any complex technology, self-driving cars pose new chal-lenges for the regulatory landscape and our labor markets. That is why I am pleased to support H.R. 3388—the SELF DRIVE Act, which seeks to foster innovation in this space while offering protection for consumers. The SELF DRIVE Act is one of many impor-tant bills that will need to be considered by Congress in order to define federal and state regulatory roles, provide the U.S. Department of Transportation the tools it needs to update safety standards, and ensure that the Amer-ican people are not left behind as we transi-tion to a 21st Century workforce. In particular, I am pleased to see that H.R. 3388 allows for the creation of a Highly Automated Vehicle Advisory Council, which can properly consider the labor and employment issues that may be affected by the deployment of highly auto-mated vehicles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.027 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6676 September 6, 2017 
I have been working on separate legislation to create a new retraining program for workers who are displaced from their jobs due to the adoption of autonomous vehicle technology. I am very grateful for Representative J
OEBAR-
TON and Representative B OBLATTA’Sstaff for working with my office to craft and refine that legislation. I believe that we are getting closer to a final product, which will ultimately recog-nize the inevitable changes to the labor mar-ket that this country will experience in the face of automated technologies. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 3388. I know that members of the Energy & Commerce Committee have worked tirelessly to bring this measure to the floor after hun-dreds of meetings with relevant stakeholders. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill and look forward to working cooperatively with members on other bills that will address other aspects of self-driving vehicles and the rami-fications that will have on our economy and our country. b1200 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act, which will help advance the deployment of self-driving vehicles by allowing test-ing of this life-changing technology. Back home in Orange County, long commutes and congestion are a way of life. Sadly, traffic accidents, often fatal, are also a daily occurrence in my district and across the country. Some predict self-driving vehicles could save 300,000 lives each decade. In Orange County alone, the deployment of this technology could save the lives of 150 people every year. I am especially proud that a piece of legislation I drafted, the MORE Act, is included in the SELF DRIVE Act. The MORE Act will help advance self-driv-ing vehicle technology because it al-lows new entrants to the automobile industry, such as tech and ride-hailing companies, to test this lifesaving tech-nology on public roads. The SELF-DRIVE Act has the poten-tial to make our roads safer, alleviate congestion, and improve mobility for seniors and individuals with disabil-ities. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), the sponsor and my partner on the HOT CARS Act, in-cluded in this legislation. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I also thank the chair-man from Bowling Green, Ohio, home of the Harvard of the Midwest, Bowling Green State University, and Ranking Member S
CHAKOWSKY for including the language, as she said, for the HOT CARS Act. We lose about 37 children a year who accidentally get left in the backseat of a car when a parent or grandparent ac-cidentally forgets that they are there, they change their routine, and 37 kids a year pass away. It is one of the most tragic circumstances we have to deal with in this country. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY  and I, along with P
ETER KINGfrom New York, have championed this bill. I just want to say thank you for including it in here. These cars get hot fast, up to 125 de-grees. This allows the companies now to put sensors in there. When we leave our keys in the car or when we leave our lights on, we get a ding or a bell. Now we will know if someone is in the backseat. There will be an alert that the car companies will put into the cars to allow us to recognize and pre-vent 37 deaths a year. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for working in a bipartisan way, and thank Ranking Member S
CHAKOWSKY  for her leadership. She has been cham-pioning this a long time, and I appre-ciate it. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the SELF DRIVE Act. With over 127,000 ve-hicle crashes in Pennsylvania in 2015, advances in deploying self-driving technology are critical to helping make our roads safer. Importantly, self-driving cars can also increase mobility for seniors and individuals with disabilities and can reduce carbon emissions. As with many innovations, we must recognize the importance of safety, in-cluding cybersecurity vulnerabilities, when it comes to self-driving cars. Provisions of my cybersecurity legis-lation, which were included as part of the bill we are voting on today, directs the Secretary of Transportation to cre-ate a Federal advisory council on cy-bersecurity. The council will be respon-sible for gathering information and providing advice related to the cyber-security of self-driving vehicles, and it will ensure both public and private sec-tor stakeholders are communicating about cybersecurity concerns before they become a crisis. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
AL-
DEN, Chairman L ATTA , and staff for their work to bring this bill to the floor. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me just say some thank yous. I thank the chairman of our sub-committee, Chairman L
ATTA , for his great work. I also thank Chairman W
ALDEN , and, of course, all of the staff on his side of the aisle for their work to help us reach this bipartisan agree-ment. I especially want to thank them for the inclusion of the HOT CARS leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE on our side and also thank Michelle Ash, Lisa Goldman, Caroline Paris-Behr, and my staff, Matt Hay-ward, for their great work on the sub-committee on this legislation. We will continue working together to send consensus legislation. I appreciate the opportunity to work with Chair-man LATTA and to get this to the floor today as a suspension bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentlewoman, the ranking member on the subcommittee, for all of her hard work on this legislation. Again, we wouldn’t be here without the bipartisanship that we had on this piece of legislation. Also, again, I want to thank our staff. There were a lot of weekends and nights that they put in to make sure that we got this bill to where we are today. But, again, as has been mentioned today, we have been talking about what this legislation is going to do. We have been looking at safety, cybersecu-rity, privacy, making sure that some folks in the community right now who aren’t able to get out, some of our sen-ior population, and those with disabil-ities, have the ability to be able to get around to go to jobs and go to the gro-cery store. The legislation has been a culmina-tion of a lot of work over two sessions. Again, I want to thank Dr. B
URGESS for his hard work that he did in the last Congress as the chairman of the sub-committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act. Con-nected and automated vehicles are a rapidly evolving technology that are novel today, but will be a reality tomorrow. This legislation will provide the auto industry, consumers, and pol-icymakers with the certainty they need to ad-vance automated vehicle technology. Auto-mated vehicles have the potential to increase safety, improve mobility, and decrease con-gestion while improving the efficiency of our transportation network. As the co-chairman of the Congressional Unmanned Systems Caucus and an engineer, I have for the past three years been con-vening automated vehicle stakeholders to dis-cuss the policy issues related to the develop-ment and deployment of these new tech-nologies. In addition, I authored the Future TRIP Act during the 114th Congress. Key pro-visions of that bill, including the establishment of a regional transportation center to study automated vehicles were passed into law in the FAST Act. It is imperative that we maintain the United States’ manufacturing. I commend my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for their bipartisan work on this important legislation. The SELF DRIVE Act includes language will promote in-dustry growth by preventing a potentially sti-fling patchwork of differing local regulations. By asserting the authority of the federal gov-ernment to regulate these vehicles and cor-responding safety standards, the Committee has struck the right balance by allowing states to retain their traditional roles in driver licens-ing, insurance, and vehicle registration in a way that does not impede innovation. In addi-tion, I am pleased that the bill enables the De-partment of Transportation to review the vehi-cle systems through the Safety Assessment Letter process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.009 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6677 September 6, 2017 
Automated vehicles are highly complex, and present a number of equally complex policy considerations. While this bill is a significant step forward in defining the federal govern-ment’s role in this emerging technology, I be-lieve there is more work to be done with re-spect to ensuring that NHTSA has appropriate resources to carry out the federal role in over-sight and regulation, and to ensuring the pri-vacy of consumers’ data. Data sharing be-tween government and industry holds the pos-sibility of improving safety operations and per-formance, but must be a collaborative partner-ship, and must protect consumers’ personally identifiable data. For that reason, I have an amendment that has been made in order to the Fiscal Year 2018 Transportation, Housing, and Urban De-velopment appropriations bill, that we will con-sider later today. The amendment will provide the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration with an additional $9 million for the Sal-aries and Expenses account. These funds will enable the agency to expand its workforce, define new testing protocols as the technology emerges, and better partner with industry and state and local governments to conduct ade-quate oversight. In addition, I continue to have concerns about the collection, use, and privacy of con-sumers’ data. A recent report issued at the di-rection of myself and my colleague, Congress-woman Comstock, the Government Account-ability Office found while nearly all of the major auto manufacturers now offer vehicles with connected technologies, NHTSA has not clearly defined its roles and responsibilities as they relate to the privacy of vehicle data, mak-ing it difficult for NHTSA to coordinate with other federal agencies to effectively oversee these emerging technologies. We still have important issues to consider, including insurance, cyber-security, and data sharing. I look forward to continuing to col-laborate with my colleagues to examine this evolving industry, and defining the federal gov-ernment’s role in promoting industry while pro-tecting the public. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3388, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, regarding the au-thority of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration over highly automated vehicles, to provide safety measures for such vehicles, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAKING SUPPLEMENTAL APPRO-PRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RE-LIEF The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 502) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendments to H.R. 601, with an amendment, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) that the House sus-pend the rules and agree to the resolu-tion. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 419, nays 3, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 441] YEAS—419 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Biggs Massie 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bridenstine Costa Cramer Cummings DeGette Duncan (TN) Garrett Higgins (LA) Issa Scalise Suozzi 
b1234 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present due to the funeral of my mother. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall vote No. 441. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, due to a delayed flight I was unable to return to D.C. in time for the first round of voting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 441 (H. Res. 502). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.033 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6678 September 6, 2017 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, today I missed rollcall vote No. 441 due to family commit-ments. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ to provide necessary relief for vic-tims of Hurricane Harvey. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 2:15 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1415 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. K
ATKO ) at 2 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3354, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES; AND WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDER-ATION OF CERTAIN RESOLU-TIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 500 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 500 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed two hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. An amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-31, modified by Rules Committee Print 115-32 and the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. Points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 or clause 5(a) of rule XXI are waived except as follows: beginning with the colon on page 327, line 22, through ‘‘crime’’ on page 328, line 2; beginning with the semi-colon on page 535, line 12, through ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 3907(b)(2).’’’ on page 536, line 14; and section 7080. Where points of order are waived against part of a section, points of order against a provision in another part of such section may be made only against such pro-vision and not against the entire section. SEC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, amend-ments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution, and pro forma amendments de-scribed in section 4 of this resolution. (b) Each further amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against further amendments printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution are waived. S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropria-tions or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of further amendments print-ed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc of-fered pursuant to this section shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for 20 min-utes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their re-spective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 20 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. S
EC. 5. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consider-ation of the bill shall be in order except pur-suant to a subsequent order of the House. S
EC. 6. (a) During consideration of H.R. 3354, it shall not be in order to consider an amendment proposing both a decrease in an appropriation designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and an increase in an appropriation not so des-ignated, or vice versa. (b) This paragraph shall not apply to an amendment between the Houses. S
EC. 7. It shall be in order at any time through the legislative day of September 9, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. S
EC. 8. The requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of Sep-tember 9, 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolu-tion, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of H.R. 3354, the Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2018, also known as the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act of 2018. The rule provides for 2 hours of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, the appropriations package in front of us is the second in-stallment of the House’s effort to pass all 12 appropriations bills on the floor for the first time since 2006. The over-all package will consider the remaining eight bills, covering $416.3 billion in total spending. It represents many months of work by the Appropriations Committee. Today’s rule covers four divisions of the bill: the Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act; the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act; the De-partment of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act; and the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Together, these four divisions encom-pass $168.2 billion of discretionary Fed-eral spending. This represents a de-crease of $7.8 billion from fiscal year 2017, as Congress seeks to fulfill its ob-ligation to the American people to be fiscally responsible stewards of the tax-payers’ hard earned money. Most importantly, it represents the next step in fulfilling the greatest re-sponsibility we have as legislators: to fund the Federal Government and keep it open each year to provide our con-stituents the services they deserve while ensuring that we appropriately prioritize where and how to spend tax-payer dollars. Mr. Speaker, the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Adminis-tration, and Related Agencies division will provide approximately $20 billion in appropriations, a decrease of $870 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.016 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6679 September 6, 2017 
million from fiscal year 2017. The divi-sion will fund critical programs for farmers and ranchers, which is of crit-ical importance to my home State of Oklahoma. The bill also supports conservative priorities, including language rolling back regulations that harm businesses, industries, farming and ranching oper-ations, and rural and urban commu-nities alike. In particular, the bill in-cludes language allowing schools to get waivers from particularly problematic Obama administration regulations gov-erning school lunches, and prevents the Commodities Futures Trading Commis-sion from imposing harmful de minimis levels of trading activity that would force thousands of end users to comply with onerous regulatory requirements. The bill also includes language changing the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s predicate date rules for pre-mium cigars, e-cigarettes, and vaping products, thereby preventing the FDA from regulating these industries out of existence. There is much to like in the Agri-culture Appropriations division, and I look forward to considering the bill on the floor. On the security side of the ledger, the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations division provides $44.3 bil-lion, an increase of $1.9 billion over fis-cal year 2017. Of importance, the bill provides $7 billion for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, an increase of $620 million. These funds will be used to enforce immigration laws and com-bat illegal immigration, which our con-stituents have repeatedly told us they oppose. The bill provides $13.8 billion for Cus-toms and Border Patrol, an increase of $1.6 billion, to ensure the continued se-curity of our border. It also provides $1.6 billion for physical barrier con-struction on the Southern border, thus fulfilling the first step of one of Presi-dent Trump’s key promises. It provides $10.5 billion for the Coast Guard and supports FEMA’s disaster relief fund at $7.3 billion. As with the earlier security appro-priations package the House passed at the end of July, the funds in this divi-sion will help ensure America’s na-tional security and go a long way to-wards funding key Member priorities. The State and Foreign Operations Appropriations division provides $47.4 billion, a decrease of $10 billion from fiscal year 2017. Even with this de-crease, the committee has funded key priorities. Security assistance is fund-ed at $8.8 billion, and full funding is provided for battling international or-ganized crime, antiterrorism programs, and combating cybercrime. The bill also fully funds the $3.1 billion Memo-randum of Understanding with Israel. The Appropriations Committee has prioritized programs of importance and de-prioritized programs that are not in the best interests of the United States, such as reducing funding for the U.N. by $939 million, eliminating all funding for UNESCO, and eliminating funding for the Global Climate Change Initia-tive. In producing this division, the Appro-priations Committee made difficult choices about the Nation’s priorities, and made them well, and ensured that taxpayer dollars are going to the most important, critical, and efficient pro-grams. Finally, the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations division pro-vides $56.5 billion, an increase of $1.1 billion over fiscal year 2017. That num-ber does not include $45 billion also au-thorized to be spent by the highway trust fund for America’s highways. Of note, the bill provides $16.6 billion for the Federal Aviation Administration, an increase of $153 million, to maintain and promote air travel and security. This sum includes $1 billion for so- called NextGen for more efficient air traffic control, and $162 million for the contract tower program, a crucial safe-ty net that covers many districts across the country, including facilities like Westheimer Airport in Norman, Oklahoma, as well as towers in Lawton and Ardmore in my own home district. It provides $38.3 billion in net discre-tionary funding to Housing and Urban Development. Critically, it sustains Section 8 and Public and Native Amer-ican housing programs at $27.5 billion. It also includes increases in funding for programs benefiting vulnerable citi-zens, including $573 million for housing for the elderly, an increase of $70.6 mil-lion over fiscal year 2017, and $47 mil-lion for housing for Persons with Dis-abilities, an increase of $800,000 over fiscal year 2017. In all, T-HUD Appropriations covers important priorities and ensures that our Nation’s housing and transpor-tation infrastructure will be ade-quately funded to meet our needs. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all my col-leagues to support this rule and the un-derlying bill. The package before us represents a fulfillment of our most important responsibility as Members of Congress, and provides appropriate funding in four areas: Agriculture; State and Foreign Operations, Home-land Security, and Transportation and Urban Development. I applaud my colleagues on the Ap-propriations Committee for their months of work in making this bill a reality, and I cheer their efforts on moving forward to the completion of the fiscal year 2018 appropriations process. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE), my friend, for yield-ing me the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I have nothing but the highest respect for my colleague from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), and I know he wants this House to run better. But the fact of the matter is, I feel bad that he has to defend this lousy, restrictive, indefensible process. As I said last night in the Rules Com-mittee, regular order in this House is dead. The current Republican leader-ship has made it very clear that they have nothing but contempt for regular order, and today’s appropriations pack-age is only another example of that fact. Instead of considering bills one by one, and allowing thoughtful debate and Member input, Republican leaders decided to call up eight appropriation bills all at once this week, and even set amendment deadlines while Members were back in their districts for the Au-gust work period. Last night, in the Rules Committee, Republicans blocked 229 amendments from even coming to the floor on the four bills we are talking about today alone. Those are Democratic and Re-publican ideas that won’t be heard and won’t be debated. Who knows how many more they will block on the next set of appropriation bills? That is not the open process that we were promised by Speaker R
YAN. That is not regular order, my friends. What is even worse than this terrible process is the substance of the bills that are being brought before us. They are filled with funding cuts and poison pill riders that attack women’s health, attack poor people, attack healthcare rights; repeal important financial re-forms that protect our constituents and our economy; undermine the Af-fordable Care Act; make our land, air, and water dirtier; make our roads less safe; and undermine important civil rights protections. I could go on and on and on and on. These bills are political documents, Mr. Speaker. They are red meat for the Republican base which, I think, is at around 15 percent of the American peo-ple the last time I checked. That is right, Mr. Speaker, the majority’s ideas are so unpopular that over three- quarters of the American people dis-approve of what they are doing here today. That is not coming from any liberal or leftwing source. That poll was released last week by FOX News, you know, the network that you guys always watch. We all know we will need a con-tinuing resolution to avert a govern-ment shutdown on October 1, so why are we wasting the House’s time on this partisan exercise when we should be dealing with the CR? And oh, yes, we need to raise the debt ceiling, pass a budget, continue to fund hurricane relief, and so much more we need to do. Mr. Speaker, I am sick and tired of playing to the extremes. I am sick and tired of this President picking a fight with a different group of people every week, constantly trying to divide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.037 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6680 September 6, 2017 
Americans, rather than unite us for the common good. And the latest target are the DREAMers. The DREAMers are our co-workers, our relatives, our neighbors, and our children’s classmates. They have lived nearly their entire lives in America. They are part of the very fab-ric of our country. The decision to end the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, is a cruel betrayal of their trust in the United States. It needlessly and stu-pidly robs us of the enormous talents, hard work, and ingenuity of these 800,000 young people. Ending DACA is a lose-lose proposition for America and for us all. President Trump vowed to show great heart in his decision and declared that DREAMers could rest easy. That is a lie, and that is a betrayal. And shame on the Republican leader-ship of this House that has avoided making DACA a permanent program for nearly 7 years. Shame on the Re-publican Party for voting against the DREAM Act in 2010, even though it ul-timately passed the House. Shame on the Republicans in the Senate for blocking cloture in 2010, when it was clear that there were plen-ty of votes to pass the DREAM Act then. Shame on the Republican leader-ship of this House for not making DACA a permanent law when President Obama first initiated the program in 2012. Shame on the House Republican lead-ership for failing to take up the Sen-ate-passed comprehensive immigration bill for the past 4 years, which included DACA and a pathway to permanent residency and citizenship for the DREAMers and so many other immi-grants caught in legal limbo in our country. Shame on the Republican leadership for being such political cowards that they have failed time and time again to actually demonstrate leadership and resolve these problems. 800,000 young people, who are totally American in every way that matters, put their trust in the United States Government and in us here in this Con-gress, not just to protect them, but to be proud of them. They have been cru-elly betrayed. The memo issued yesterday by the Department of Homeland Security even says that they should be prepared to pack their bags and be deported to their countries of origin. But, Mr. Speaker, the simple truth is, America is their home. It is unconscionable that the Presi-dent pardoned radical racist Sheriff Arpaio, who actually is a criminal, while punishing 800,000 law-abiding, hardworking DREAMers. I stand with the CEO of Microsoft and hundreds of other business leaders who said to the President: ‘‘To deport a DREAMer, you’ll have to go through us.’’ I stand with the thousands of reli-gious leaders, college and university presidents, mayors, State attorneys general, and civic leaders who demand that we reject the President’s decision and have Congress pass the DREAM Act immediately. This Congress cannot and must not continue to fail these 800,000 young people. This morning, this House passed emergency aid for Hurricane Harvey. A DREAMer died in Houston attempting to rescue victims of the floodwaters. Another DREAMer, who is a Houston paramedic, and who worked night and day in rescue and relief efforts, just found out yesterday that his country, the only country he has ever known, has turned its back on him. Well, I refuse to turn my back. Mr. Speaker, we all know that the DREAMers need a permanent legisla-tive fix. We can do that this very day. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative R
OYBAL - A
LLARD ’s bipartisan, bicameral bill, the DREAM Act. It is time to do what is right. You know, earlier today, Speaker R
YANsaid: Well, we have time to work this out. Really? The Speaker seems totally content to have 800,000 people continue to live with uncertainty and fear. I think that that is sad and that is cruel. He also said: We need to develop some sort of compromise. I don’t know what he is thinking about. Maybe he is thinking about try-ing to add more border security money or add this stupid wall that the Presi-dent keeps on talking about. Well, here’s the deal. There is noth-ing to compromise on. You either sup-port the DREAMers or you don’t. They are not political pawns. They are peo-ple like you and me and our kids. They deserve better from us. Stop screwing around with their lives. Defeat the previous question. We can pass the DREAM Act today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to begin by discussing process with my good friend from Massachu-setts, where I think he makes some good points, but I think he fails to rec-ognize the progress that this bill rep-resents. My good friend knows, because we have the privilege of working together on the Rules Committee, I have thought for many years, frankly, that we needed to get back to regular order. I remind this House the last time we actually operated under it in an appro-priations process was in 2006. My friends were actually in the majority when we got rid of open rules on appro-priations bills. My friends never brought all 12 appropriations bills to the floor and where they were subject to amendments by various Members. I would agree with my friend, this is not a perfect process that we have. If I had my way, we would go back to the way we operated in 2006, before the last Democratic majority, actually bring the bills down individually and, frank-ly, give every Member an open shot at amendment. I think that is the appro-priate way to proceed. Again, my friends thought differently when they were in the majority and never made a move to restore regular order—quite the opposite. We have ac-tually fought to do that. We did have a period of open rules on appropriations bills. We didn’t get every bill down here, I regret to say, but we got quite a few of them down. But my friends de-cided they would engage in poison pill tactics. I regret, honestly, personally, that my conference gave into that; were more worried about casting tough votes. I think you are sent here to cast tough votes. So I will make this commitment to my friend. I will continue to work with him and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who would like to re-turn to that process. However, I do rec-ognize this is significant progress to-ward doing that. This is the first time, since 2006, that all 12 bills, in one form or another, will reach this floor, and, frankly, every single Member has been free to offer amendments on any portion of those 12 bills that they care to. Now, not all of them were made in order by the Rules Committee, and I would hope we get past that again some day. But, again, before my friends decry that too much, they need to remember the role they played in actually getting us out of that process. I also would like to talk just briefly with my friend about his thoughts about DACA, and I am sure we will have a good discussion on that in the course of the day, and, honestly, I think the discussion is helpful. But I think the President of the United States did the right thing when, number one, he recognized that he does not have the constitutional authority, something even his predecessor won-dered about, to actually engage in law and put this issue back in the hands of the Congress. The Congress now has 6 months to deal with it. The Speaker has assured us that we will do that. I think the appropriate way to pro-ceed is to have the committee of juris-diction actually hold hearings and move forward, but we will see which way we go. But I think there is a better chance for a long-term solution, as even my friend agrees, if we have a leg-islative fix to the problem. I think that will involve some give-and-take, but my hope is we will end up at a place where all parties are satisfied. But we will see. That is what the legislative process is all about. Final point to make, Mr. Speaker, I think we need to recognize that what we are debating on here today, in terms of these four appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.041 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6681 September 6, 2017 
bills, and we will have another tranche of appropriations bills down here later, is actually a process. What we are really doing today is de-fining the position of the majority party as to where it stands on funding the government. I don’t expect my friends to agree with that. There will be elements of these bills that they agree with without a doubt. I don’t think they will oppose a lot of things that we do in regard to T-HUD, or in regard to some of these other various programs that we will deal with. But at the end of the day—and my side needs to recognize this—we are going to end up in a negotiation with the United States Senate and the ad-ministration some time probably after the 1st of October, and that negotia-tion has to be bipartisan. As my friends know, the other body requires 60 votes, and that would mean there has to be Democratic participa-tion. And quite frankly, the appropria-tions bills that have moved across the floor here in fiscal year 2015, fiscal year 2016, fiscal year 2017, have all been bi-partisan. They have all been the prod-uct of negotiations. At the end of the day—and I remind my friends, in May, a majority of them actually voted in favor of the omnibus spending bill for FY 2017 in the House and in the Senate, as did, by the way, a majority of Republicans in the House and Senate, and President Trump signed it. So we know how this process ends, and we know how to make it work appropriately. This is simply an-other step in the process. It is my hope that, at the end of the day, we arrive at a bicameral, bipar-tisan process that actually funds the government, and we are able to accom-plish, in concert with one another, things that we think are important to the American people. I have a great deal of confidence we will get there be-cause that is what we have done the last 3 years. We are actually doing it a little better this year. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say to my good friend from Oklahoma, who I re-spect a great deal, that if he wants to defend this process, he can go right ahead and do so. But I think most peo-ple watching this, the fact that two- thirds of all discretionary Federal spending is going to be decided in, like, a week’s time, I don’t think is a good process, and I don’t think it is one that the American people have much con-fidence in. I don’t think it is reasonable to ex-pect that any Member, really, has read all 1,305 pages of the eight bills that my friend is bringing to the floor, and I am not sure everybody has had time to read all the 970 amendments that were proposed—many of them that were not made in order by the Rules Committee. So this is not a process I think anybody wants to defend. The final point I want to make with regard to the President’s decision on DACA, as the gentleman knows, this Congress and the previous Congresses could have acted on this any time they wanted to. When the Democrats were in control here in the House, we did. We passed the DREAM Act. Unfortu-nately, many of you wouldn’t support it, but it actually passed the House, and we had Republican obstructionism in the Senate. Now, if you want a legislative fix, we have the solution for you. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, and we will bring up Ms. ROYBAL -ALLARD ’s bill to pass the DREAM Act. We will get this done today. We will actually have a day of consequence where we are doing something to help people in this coun-try. So, Mr. Speaker, as I said, I am going to ask my colleagues to defeat the pre-vious question. We will then offer Rep-resentative R
OYBAL -ALLARD ’s bipar-tisan, bicameral bill, H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act. b1445 The legislation would help thousands of young people like the ones whose he-roic stories my colleagues will high-light today and who are Americans in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to dis-cuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ), the ranking member of the Homeland Security Appropria-tions Subcommittee. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, the President’s decision to rescind DACA brings heartbreak and fear to hundreds of thousands of young DREAMers who, regardless of their im-migration status, are American in every way. The President’s senseless and cruel action is upending their lives and the lives of their families, and it is sending a chilling message to our immigrant communities. It is unbelievable that we first intro-duced legislation to help DREAMers in 2001. That is 16 years ago. The fight to protect DREAMers has gone on for far too long. Defeating the previous ques-tion will enable us, today, to vote on the DREAM Act of 2017, which is a bi-partisan, bicameral bill that will pro-tect our Nation’s DREAMers once and for all. The fact is this is our chance, as Members of Congress, to fulfill our re-sponsibility on this serious issue. For those of my colleagues who say they support the DREAMers but that they believe that DACA is unconstitutional, this is your opportunity to help the DREAMers through the legislative process. The DREAMers did not choose to cir-cumvent American immigration laws, and they should not be punished for something they are not responsible for. Today, my Republican colleagues can provide relief to these young people by voting to bring the DREAM Act for a vote. Protecting DREAMers is not only a moral issue, it is also an economic issue. The President’s decision to end DACA strikes a vicious blow to our economy. Forcing hundreds of thou-sands of young people out of the work-force will disrupt businesses across our Nation. California, alone, stands to lose $11.6 billion annually, and the U.S. stands to lose a cumulative $460 billion in GDP over the next decade if DREAMers are removed from our econ-omy. As Members of Congress, we rep-resent the American people, and the vast majority of Americans, regardless of their political affiliation, support our Nation’s DREAMers. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can pass the bipartisan, bicameral DREAM Act today to enable our DREAMers to con-tinue contributing to our Nation with-out fear of deportation from the only country they know as home. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Adam, a student at the University of California Santa Cruz majoring in mathematics. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. Does the gentleman from Oklahoma yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I do not yield. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma does not yield; therefore, the unanimous consent re-quest cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Mithi, who attends the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and dreams of saving thousands of lives. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from Oklahoma yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am reit-erating my earlier announcement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only, and I will not yield for any other purpose. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.042 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6682 September 6, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma does not yield; therefore, the unanimous consent re-quest cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Cristel, an attorney who came to this country when she was only 9 years old. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Oklahoma has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Shingai, who came to the U.S. when he was 13, graduated with a political science degree from Hawaii Pacific University, and is put-ting that degree into practice today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Oklahoma has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Juan, who graduated from Arizona State University and is currently working as a mechanical en-gineer. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Oklahoma has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Riya, who grow up pledging allegiance to our flag, and who has worked for two Members of this Congress. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Oklahoma has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, in honor of DREAMer Marine Corporal Jose Angel Garibay, the first from Orange County to be killed in combat in the Iraq Desert. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Oklahoma has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect New York DREAMers like Lisette, who graduated from Harvard with honors thanks to DACA. We are here to stay— aqui estamos y nos quedamos. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Oklahoma has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DACA recipients like Gerardo, a computer programmer in Santa Barbara, who has grown up, gone to school, and worked in the United States for the past 13 years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Fernando, who is a doctoral student at UC San Fran-cisco thanks to DACA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ANETTA ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect the 20,000 DREAMers in my district on the central coast of California like Adam, a student at the University of Cali-fornia Santa Cruz majoring in mathe-matics. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Felipe, who works at Microsoft Bing, Skype, and at Doppler Labs, a San Francisco startup. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ) for the purpose of a unan-imous consent request. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Eduardo, a student at UC Davis. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) for the pur-pose of a unanimous consent request. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect New Jersey DREAMERS like Christian, who arrived when he was 7 years old and is a researcher at the Icahn School of Medicine. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Jesus Contreras, who as a DACAmented para-medic worked 6 days straight after Hurricane Harvey. Jesus rescued people from flood waters and transported them to local hospitals. Jesus deserves our support. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. As the Chair advised on previous oc-casions, such as January 15, 2014, and March 26, 2014, even though a unani-mous consent request to consider a measure is not entertained, embellish-ments accompanying such requests constitute debate and will become an imposition on the time of the Member who yielded for that purpose. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect New York DREAMers like Jessica, who has been in this country since she was two and hopes to become a doctor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Maria, who is the coor-dinator of the DREAMers Resource Success Center at Cal State San Bernardino. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.044 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6683 September 6, 2017 
BORDALLO ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Christine, who arrived in my home district of the territory of Guam as a child and is now a registered nurse saving lives and caring for our community on Guam thanks to DACA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Ola, a University of Michigan pre-med student who aspires to be a surgical oncologist. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), who de-serves a vote in this House, for the pur-pose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Ri-cardo, who arrived when he was 4 and is studying to be a prosecutor to help fight crime. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I ask for unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Juan, who obtained a master’s degree from our Florida State University and works in digital advo-cacy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Martha, who graduated from Cal State University Channel Islands and now is on staff there supporting students. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like my former intern, Luis, who came to this country when he was 6 years old. b1500 The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Cali-fornia’s DREAMers like Luceyda, who at age 31 hasn’t been home to Mexico in 27 years because this is her home. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), who is the head of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Vanessa, a DREAMer from New Mexico, who dreams of becoming a doctor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
A´NCHEZ ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Nadia, who received a master’s degree in public health from UC Davis. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Vasthy, who attends Arizona State University and aspires to become a science teacher. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Alfonso, who is in his third year at Western State Col-lege of Law in Orange County. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Deyanira, a DACA recipient, who is in my State, who is majoring in neuro-science at the University of Texas at Austin. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Elaine, who is studying for her master’s in public health at UCLA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Sayra, from California, who is pursuing her MBA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the Democratic leader, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Cali-fornia DREAMers like Monica, a col-lege student who has started her own business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Eduardo, a UCLA stu-dent and an anti-bullying activist. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) for the purpose of a unan-imous consent request. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Pennsylvania DREAMers like Jazmin here, who aspires to become an attor-ney. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.046 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6684 September 6, 2017 
like Daniel, a first-generation college student. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Cali-fornia DREAMers like Oscar, who says that DACA has allowed him to go to school, to work, and has made him feel free. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) for the purpose of a unan-imous consent request. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Monica, an Illinois DREAMer with a nursing degree, who has dedicated her life to taking care of others. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Massachu-setts (Ms. T
SONGAS ), my colleague, for the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Mas-sachusetts DREAMers like Andres, who is working as an engineering tech-nologies consultant. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Karina from my home State of California. She cur-rently works in the biotech industry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) for the purpose of a unan-imous consent request. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Riccy, a mother of two, who was re-cently arrested and detained despite having DACA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, which would pro-tect DREAMers like Gladys. She has been able to buy a home and a car with her healthcare job. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I respect-fully request unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Michigan DREAMers like Jona-than, who aspires one day to help the SpaceX and NASA space programs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), my colleague on the Rules Committee, for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, for Johana. She grad-uated from the University of Colorado and went on to medical school, and we need to bring this bill up for her. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Fat-ima, whose young brothers—excep-tional soccer talents in Montgomery County, Maryland—were deported over a great public protest just last month. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect a young woman from the Midwest like Amy, who works as a user experience designer in a technology company in Il-linois. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Julia, who joined Teach For America and is a middle school teacher in San Antonio, Texas, my hometown. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I know we have a new manager on the Republican side. Maybe he will yield for a unanimous consent request. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) will control the time of the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE). There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CGOVERN. I am happy to yield to the gentleman. Mr. WOODALL. I appreciate the gen-tleman yielding. I was not here for opening state-ments. I imagine that all time was yielded for the purpose of debate only. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we just want to bring up the DREAM Act so we can resolve this issue today, but I am hoping that the gentleman would be more favorable than his predecessor. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) for the purpose of a unan-imous consent request. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for yielding, and I ask unani-mous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect young people like Isabelle, a DREAMer who grad-uated from Baruch College in New York and now works to help low-in-come veterans recuperate and get bet-ter. Thanks to DACA, she was able to do this. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Time will be deducted from the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
L G
REEN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to pro-tect DREAMers like Daniel, who ar-rived at the age of 2 and graduated from the University of North Texas. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Mariella. She is a Ph.D. student at UC Irvine. It is time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
ROTT ). As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ) for the pur-pose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect New York DREAMers like Mila, who is able to go to college, get a job, and get a driver’s license thanks to DACA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.047 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6685 September 6, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to pro-tect DREAMers like Rey, a priest at the Cathedral of Christ the King in At-lanta. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Victor, who arrived when he was 7 years old and now works as an IT sup-port analyst. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), our distinguished whip, for the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent, in order to carry out the Speak-er’s expressed intent, to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Jean, who studies at the University of Maryland and is a credit to that institution, a credit to our State, and a credit to our country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Time will be deducted from the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from 18 evangelical religious leaders and other religious leaders in opposition to Presi-dent Trump’s decision to end DACA. 
SEPTEMBER 4, 2017. A L
ETTER FROM FAITH LEADERS AND  E
VANGELICALS FOR BIBLICAL IMMIGRATION  (.C
OM) President D
ONALD J. T RUMP , The White House, Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Speaker of the House P
AULRYAN. H
ONORABLE PRESIDENT TRUMP , M AJORITY  L
EADER MCCONNELL AND SPEAKER RYAN: We agree that immigration reform and DACA are difficult subjects. God loves the for-eigner. Indeed, God loves us all. It takes time to discern the balance of mercy and jus-tice by which a nation thrives. It is easier to speak publically of mercy, as we, and many, do. And, while loving mercy, who will also stand for justice to those citi-zens who cannot find a job due to cheaper foreign labor? Who will speak of the real cost of illegal immigration to our states? And while many non-citizens are good neighbors, who will stand for justice for Americans vic-timized by people here illegally who do not uphold our values and laws? And who will prevent more needless crime and death? The Church is called to serve all people, and our Government leaders are elected to defend and uphold the Constitution and the rule of law. Though there are tragic stories on every side of illegal migration, for our elected officials, responsibility to oaths must prevail. Law and order sustain sta-bility and peace. A nation of wise rule grows strong enough to sustain care for the vulner-able in our midst. While some faith groups use selective Bible words for open borders and amnesty, we con-sider the whole counsel of Scripture. We find that the Bible does not teach open borders, but wise welcome. We are to welcome the lawful foreigner, who, like a convert, comes as a blessing (eg.s Ruth and Rahab) We also find Nehemiah building walls to protect citi-zens from harm. In Isaiah 1, we see God con-demning the destruction of borders and in-digenous culture. All lives matter. The lives of North, Cen-tral and South Americans matter. The lives of Africans, Asians, Europeans and people from the Middle East matter. In Scripture, we learn that God placed us each in a family, a land, an epic story of creation, the fall and redemption. The Bible envisions a world of beautiful and unique nations, not a stateless ‘‘open society’’ run by global oligarchs. Each of us is called to be a blessing where God has placed us in the world. In policy decisions ahead, while treating undocumented people kindly, we ask that you would first and foremost honor often for-gotten American citizens whose families have served our nation for many genera-tions, and the patient people who have ap-plied lawfully to come here and to become citizens of the United States. These lives also matter. These people also dream. Grate-fully Yours, Names are listed alphabetically and for identification purposes only. David Barton, Founder, WallBuilders; Timothy Barton, President, WallBuilders; Paul Blair, President, Reclaiming America for Christ; Lt. Gen. William G. Boykin (Ret.), Execu-tive Vice President, Family Research Council; Mark Christian M.D., Execu-tive Director, Global Faith Institute; Phil Cohn, President, Christ for All Peoples; Steven Deace, CRTV host and Conservative Review contributor; Maria Espinoza, Co-founder & National Director, The Remembrance Project; Becky Gerritson, President, Wetumpka TEA Party (AL), Founder, Born Free American, LLC; E.W. Jackson, Bishop; Founder, Exodus Faith Ministries; Jerry Johnson, Ph.D, President, Na-tional Religious Broadcasters (NRB); Kelly Kullberg, American Association of Evangelicals (AAE); Eric Metaxas, Host of The Eric Metaxas Show; Sam-uel Rohrer, Pastor; President, Amer-ican Pastors Network (APN), Former State Representative, Pennsylvania; Rick Scarborough, Ph.D, Founder, Vi-sion America Action; Aubrey Shines, Bishop, International Communion of Evangelical Churches Pastor, Glory to Glory Ministries, Tampa, Florida; Eliz-abeth Yore, Esq., International Child Advocate; John Zmirak, Ph.D, Jour-nalist; author, The Politically Incor-rect Guide to Catholicism. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter signed by 20 State attorneys general in strong opposition to what the President has done. STATE OF CALIFORNIA , O
FFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL , Sacramento, CA, July 21, 2017. Re June 29, 2017 letter from Ken Paxton re Texas, et al., v. United States, et al., Case No. 1:14–cv–00254 (S.D. Tex.). Hon. D
ONALD J. T RUMP , President of the United States, The White House, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. PRESIDENT : We write to urge you to maintain and defend the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which represents a success story for the more than three-quarters of a million ‘‘Dreamers’’ who are currently registered for it. It has also been a boon to the commu-nities, universities, and employers with which these Dreamers are connected, and for the American economy as a whole. Since 2012, nearly 800,000 young immi-grants who were brought to this country as children have been granted DACA after com-pleting applications, submitting to and pass-ing a background check, and applying for a work permit. In the case of young adults granted DACA, they are among our newest soldiers, college graduates, nurses and first responders. They are our neighbors, cowork-ers, students and community and church leaders. And they are boosting the economies and communities of our states every day. In fact, receiving DACA has increased recipi-ents’ hourly wages by an average of 42 per-cent and given them the purchasing power to buy homes, cars and other goods and serv-ices, which drives economic growth for all. In addition to strengthening our states and country, DACA gives these bright, driven young people the peace of mind and stability to earn a college degree and to seek employ-ment that matches their education and training. The protection afforded by DACA gives them dignity and the ability to fully pursue the American dream. For many, the United States is the only country they have ever known. The consequences of rescinding DACA would be severe, not just for the hundreds of thousands of young people who rely on the program—and for their employers, schools, universities, and families—but for the coun-try’s economy as a whole. For example, in addition to lost tax revenue, American busi-nesses would face billions in turnover costs, as employers would lose qualified workers whom they have trained and in whom they have invested. And as the chief law officers of our respective states, we strongly believe that DACA has made our communities safer, enabling these young people to report crimes to police without fear of deportation. You have repeatedly expressed your sup-port for Dreamers. Today, we join together to urge you not to capitulate to the demands Texas and nine other states set forth in their June 29, 2017, letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions. That letter demands, under threat of litigation, that your Administration end the DACA initiative. The arguments set forth in that letter are wrong as a matter of law and policy. There is broad consensus that the young people who qualify for DACA should not be prioritized for deportation DACA is con-sistent with a long pattern of presidential exercises of prosecutorial discretion that targeted resources in a constitutional man-ner. Indeed, as Justice Antonin Scalia recog-nized in a 1999 opinion, the Executive has a long history of ‘‘engaging in a regular prac-tice . . . of exercising [deferred action] for humanitarian reasons or simply for its own convenience.’’ Reno v. Am.-Arab Anti-Discrimi-nation Comm., 525 U.S. 471, 483–84 (1999). DACA sensibly guides immigration officials’ exercise of their enforcement discretion and reserves limited resources to address individ-uals who threaten our communities, not those who contribute greatly to them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.049 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6686 September 6, 2017 
Challenges have been brought against the original DACA program, including in the Fifth Circuit, but none have succeeded. On the other hand, in a case relating to Arizo-na’s efforts to deny drivers’ licenses to DACA recipients, the Ninth Circuit stated that it is ‘‘well settled that the [DHS] Sec-retary can exercise deferred action.’’ Ariz Dream Act Coalition v Brewer, 855 F.3d 957, 967–968 (9th Cir. 2017). The court also ob-served that ‘‘several prior administrations have adopted programs, like DACA, to prioritize which noncitizens to remove.’’ Id. at 976. As the Fifth Circuit was careful to point out in its ruling in the Texas case, the De-ferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (‘‘DAPA’’) ini-tiative that was struck down is ‘‘similar’’ but ‘‘not identical’’ to DACA. Texas v. United States, 809 F.3d 134, 174 (5th Cir. 2015). Indeed, as DHS Secretary Kelly pointed out in a press conference the day after his June 15 memorandum explaining that DACA would continue, DACA and DAPA are ‘‘two separate issues,’’ appropriately noting the different populations addressed by each pro-gram. Notably, only a fraction of the 25 states which joined with Texas in the DAPA case before the Supreme Court chose to co- sign the letter threatening to challenge DACA. Among other significant differences, DACA has been operative since 2012 while DAPA never went into effect. More than three- quarters of a million young people, and their employers, among others, have concretely benefitted from DACA, for up to five years. The interests of these young people in con-tinuing to participate in DACA and retain the benefits that flow from DACA raise par-ticular concerns not implicated in the pre- implementation challenge to DAPA. Fur-ther, the Fifth Circuit placed legal signifi-cance on the ‘‘economic and political mag-nitude’’ of the large number of immigrants who were affected by DAPA, Texas, 809 F.3d at 181; thus, it is notable that many fewer people have received DACA (about 800,000) than would have been eligible for DAPA (up to 4.3 million). One additional, but related, issue concerns DHS’s current practices regarding DACA re-cipients. A number of troubling incidents in recent months raise serious concerns over whether DHS agents are adhering to DACA guidelines and your repeated public assur-ances that DACA-eligible individuals are not targets for arrest and deportation. We urge you to ensure compliance with DACA and consistent enforcement practices towards Dreamers. Mr. President, now is the time to affirm the commitment you made, both to the ‘‘in-credible kids’’ who benefit from DACA and to their families and our communities, to han-dle this issue ‘‘with heart.’’ You said Dream-ers should ‘‘rest easy.’’ We urge you to af-firm America’s values and tradition as a na-tion of immigrants and make clear that you will not only continue DACA, but that you will defend it. The cost of not doing so would be too high for America, the economy, and for these young people. For these reasons, we urge you to maintain and defend DACA, and we stand in support of the effort to defend DACA by all appropriate means. Sincerely, Xavier Becerra, California Attorney Gen-eral; George Jepsen, Connecticut At-torney General; Matthew Denn, Dela-ware Attorney General; Karl A. Racine, District of Columbia Attorney General; Douglas S. Chin, Hawaii Attorney Gen-eral; Lisa Madigan, Illinois Attorney General; Tom Miller, Iowa Attorney General; Janet T. Mills, Maine Attor-ney General; Brian Frosh, Maryland Attorney General; Maura Healey, Massachussets Attorney General; Lori Swanson, Minnesota Attorney General; Hector Balderas, New Mexico Attorney General; Eric T. Schneiderman, New York Attorney General; Josh Stein, North Carolina Attorney General; Ellen F. Rosenblum, Oregon Attorney General; Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania Attorney General; Peter Kilmartin, Rhode Island Attorney General; TJ Donovan, Vermont Attorney General; Mark Herring, Virginia Attorney Gen-eral; Bob Ferguson, Washington State Attorney General. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, how did we get here? In December of 2010, the House passed the DREAM Act right here on this floor. Almost all of the Democrats voted for it, and a handful of Republicans, too. The goal was to le-galize immigrants who had grown up in the U.S., achieved education, and had no way of getting legalization status unless Congress took action. Way back in 2001, I had introduced the first bill to legalize immigrant youth. So it took almost 10 years until it passed in the House in 2010. And later that same week, there was a vote in the Senate. Fifty-five out of 100 Sen-ators voted for cloture on the DREAM Act to legalize the status of undocu-mented immigrant youth. We know you need 60 votes in the Senate to move something forward, so the DREAM Act was blocked, even though it had a majority of the votes of the Senators because of a filibuster led by Republicans. b1515 Not just any Republican led the fili-buster, but the leader of the opposition to the DREAM Act was none other than the Attorney General of the United States, Jeff Sessions. So yester-day the President, unwilling to go out to the cameras and announce he was killing the DACA program himself, sent Jeff Sessions out to tell 800,000 im-migrants: We don’t want you here any-more. Included in that announcement was a halfhearted sales pitch for Congress to pass legislation. But remember, when Sessions had a chance to do exactly that, he led the fight to stop it. That is hypocrisy on steroids. So President Obama finally took the only action he could take 2 years later and crafted a narrowly defined program call DACA that has never been successfully chal-lenged in court. DACA recipients are teachers, nurses, and one is even a Chicago po-liceman who straps on his gun and badge to protect people every day in my city of Chicago. During Hurricane Harvey, DREAMers with DACA were first responders and volunteers and those who gave their lives to save oth-ers, like Alonso Guillen of Lufkin, Texas. Look, we want a clean DREAM Act, an up or down vote. Democrats, let’s be clear. This is a crisis that requires swift passage of legislation to fix it, as big a priority as anything else we need to pass this month. Our votes are needed on the debt ceiling, Democrats, and on this bill and on the CR. What are we getting for our votes, Democrats? When the CEO of Microsoft says that you can only take my DREAMers with DACA by coming first through me, that is a challenge to every policy-maker in this Chamber and especially to my Democratic colleagues. When will we throw down and say: No, you cannot have our votes unless you give us the DREAM Act? When, Democrats? When will we say: You cannot have our vote unless we can bring 800,000 young lives along with us? When, Democrats? Let’s demand a vote on the DREAM Act. We can pass it right here, right now, and give our young people, the fu-ture of our Nation, the safety and secu-rity they need and deserve to con-tribute to the United States of Amer-ica. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. It is the only coun-try they have known. They are Amer-ican in everything but a piece of paper, and we should all be ashamed of our-selves by not allowing a vote. 800,000 young people, once, twice, three times registered with the government, and what do they get? Six months. Pack your bags and leave. They have pledged allegiance to only one flag, the United States of America and this country. This cowardly action turns its back on them. I say no CR. I say no debt ceiling. Let’s have a vote first on the DREAM Act. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think my col-league is confused about where he is on this issue, and I don’t think any amount of talking on the floor is going to change his mind on this issue. I would say that the underlying bill, which makes in order over 140 amend-ments so that we can have a conversa-tion about different ideas and different outcomes and lets the people’s voice be heard, is the right way to craft legisla-tion. With the support of this body and this bill, we will move on to that un-derlying debate, and we will have that voice heard. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting that the gentleman neglected to mention that there were 227 amendments, Democratic and Republican amend-ments, that were denied yesterday. The frustration that we have over here is that we are going through an exercise with these appropriations bills know-ing that they are going nowhere and that we are going to have to deal with a short-term continuing resolution, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.017 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6687 September 6, 2017 
and there will probably be a big omni-bus that will be passed at the end and which might not reflect any of the de-liberations that we are doing on the ap-propriations matters in the next couple of days. It is a little bit frustrating because we have other things to do. What we are saying is let’s make this week a week of consequence, and let us bring up the DREAM Act. President Trump did something hor-rible yesterday. He basically pulled the rug right from underneath 800,000 good, decent, and law-abiding people, citizens in this country, good people who are American in every way except they don’t have a piece of paper. They were brought here, in many instances, when they were infants. They now have busi-nesses, are leading relief efforts in Texas, and serve in our military. And he pulled the rug right from under-neath them all. It is a cruel, awful, and nasty thing to do. Listening to the rationale of this White House, this kind of schizophrenic tirade that we have seen unfold where 1 minute he is against the DREAMers, then he loves the DREAMers, then he is against the DREAMers, then he loves them, all of this kind of rambling that we have seen out of the White House hasn’t changed the fact that he has thrown 800,000 lives in turmoil. People now have to live in fear and in uncertainty, and it is just a rotten thing to do. What we are saying is let’s fix it. My friends say they didn’t like what President Obama did through executive order. We tried to legislate. We did, in 2010, pass the DREAM Act here in the House. Republicans did their best to make sure we couldn’t bring it to the floor in the Senate, but we tried that way. Then President Obama, thank goodness, stepped up to the plate and put forward an executive order which has protected 800,000 people. My friends say that they like the DREAMers and they want to help them. Well, let’s help them. You guys are in charge. You can do anything you want. All we are asking for is a vote— that is it, a vote. The way we can en-sure a vote is to defeat the previous question so we can bring up the DREAM Act. If you don’t have the courage to bring it up yourself, then vote to defeat the previous question and we will bring it to the floor. We will have the debate, and you can vote any way you want. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President, and to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to thank you for that admonition. Mr. Speaker, these are very serious issues that my friends on the other side were trying to have a debate on the ap-propriations bills. My friends have a very legitimate concern about an im-migration issue, characterized with terms like ‘‘cruel’’ and ‘‘nasty’’ and ‘‘rotten’’ and ‘‘no courage.’’ I would say to my friends we can try to belittle each other into a com-promise. I have not seen that work be-fore. We can try to insult each other into a solution. I have not seen that work before. I have seen my colleagues coming down the other side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, one after the other to tell a compelling story about a man or a woman they know who they believe would make an amazing United States citizen, who they believe would add value to our communities, and who they believe is serving admirably in our church and is working admirably in our community. They have a story to tell, and they should tell it. Guess what? I have got a few of those stories to tell myself. But I would say to my friends, I don’t believe, Mr. Speaker, that the insults and the acri-mony are going to get us where any of us wants to be. For my friends who believe dif-ferently, I would tell you I think we have tried that path before, and it didn’t take us where we want to go. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry that my friend doesn’t like words like ‘‘cruel’’ when it comes to the President’s ac-tions with regard to the DREAMers. A man named Jesus Contreras, a Houston paramedic, helped rescue flood victims after the storm, Harvey, hit Texas. Now he faces deportation if stripped of his DACA protections. I don’t know what you call that. I call it cruel. I can’t imagine why anybody would want to take away this man’s ability to be able to live his life in the only country he knows, a man who is saving lives. This is just one of many stories. We are telling these stories because we are hoping that maybe it might move some of my friends on the other side of the aisle. Maybe it might move the leader-ship to allow us to schedule a vote and actually fix this and remove the level of uncertainty and fear that, now, 800,000 people have to deal with because of what the President did yesterday and because of the inaction, over the years, of this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE) for the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Laura Flores, who are just as American as you and me. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the RECORD a letter of support for revoking President Trump’s threat to deny 800,000 DREAMers legal status in this country and to support his executive order affirming DACA for so many young people across this Nation—4,400 in Ohio, for example—who are fol-lowing the rules, who came here as children, who are Americans as apple pie and only want a chance to succeed in our country like Linda who was brought here from Palestine when she was 8 years old. She is studying now in our area in a very difficult STEM pro-gram and is working her way through college through Work-Study in order to make a firm contribution to our Na-tion in the future and to the future of whatever family she establishes. Why should they be denied this op-portunity and made to feel so put upon by the Government of the United States? 
AUGUST 14, 2017. President D
ONALD J. T RUMP , The White House, Washington, DC. D
EAR PRESIDENT TRUMP : As immigration law teachers and scholars, we write to ex-press our position that the executive branch has legal authority to implement Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA 2012). This letter provides legal analysis about DACA 2012. In our view, there is no question that DACA 2012 is a lawful exercise of pros-ecutorial discretion. Our conclusions are based on years of experience in the field and a close study of the U.S. Constitution, ad-ministrative law, immigration statutes, fed-eral regulations and case law. As the admin-istration determines the future of DACA 2012, understanding its legal foundation and history is critical. DACA 2012 was announced by the Presi-dent, and implemented in a memorandum by the Secretary of Homeland Security, on June 15, 2012. It enables qualifying individuals to request a temporary reprieve from removal known as ‘‘deferred action.’’ Deferred action is one form of prosecutorial discretion in im-migration law and has been used for decades by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) (and formerly the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS)) and over sev-eral administrations. Whether a requesting individual receives deferred action under DACA 2012 is at the discretion of DHS. Qualifying individuals may request DACA 2012 if they came to the United States before the age of sixteen; are currently in school or have graduated; have continuously resided in the United States since June 15, 2007; have not been convicted of a felony, ‘‘significant misdemeanor,’’ or three or more non-significant misdemeanors; do not otherwise pose a threat to public safe-ty or national security; and otherwise war-rant protection as a matter of discretion. In-dividuals who are granted DACA 2012 receive a two-year period in deferred action and also gain eligibility to apply for employment au-thorization. The legal authority for DACA 2012 origi-nates from the U.S. Constitution. Article II, Section Three (the Take Care Clause) states in part that the President ‘‘shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ Inher-ent in the function of the ‘‘Take Care Clause’’ is the ability of the President to tar-get some immigration cases for removal and to use prosecutorial discretion favorably in others. As described by the U.S. Supreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.052 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6688 September 6, 2017 
Court: ‘‘[W]e recognize that an agency’s re-fusal to institute proceedings shares to some extent the characteristics of the decision of a prosecutor in the Executive Branch not to indict—a decision which has long been re-garded as the special province of the Execu-tive Branch, inasmuch as it is the Executive who is charged by the Constitution to ‘take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’’ As early as 1976, former INS General Coun-sel Sam Bernsen executed a legal opinion that identified the Take Care Clause as the primary source for prosecutorial discretion in immigration matters. He wrote: ‘‘The ul-timate source for the exercise of prosecu-torial discretion in the Federal Government is the power of the President. Under Article II, Section 1 of the Constitution, the execu-tive power is vested in the President. Article II, Section 3, states that the President ‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe-cuted.’’’ The U.S. Supreme Court has also recog-nized the role of prosecutorial discretion in the immigration system. In Arizona v United States, the Court noted that ‘‘[a] principal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigration officials . . . Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pur-sue removal at all . . .’’ Congress created the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (the Act or INA) in 1952 and it remains the primary statutory authority for immigration law today. Importantly, Con-gress has delegated most discretionary im-migration functions to DHS. Section 103 of the Act provides that ‘‘[t]he Secretary of Homeland Security shall be charged with the administration and enforcement of this Act and all other laws relating to the immigra-tion and naturalization of aliens . . .’’ Congress has repeatedly acknowledged that the Executive has power to grant ‘‘de-ferred action’’ for certain categories of peo-ple such as victims of crimes and human trafficking. Additionally, previous adminis-trations have announced deferred action pro-grams to protect qualifying individuals. For example, under the George W. Bush adminis-tration, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (part of DHS) announced a deferred action program for students affected by Hur-ricane Katrina and later developed a pro-gram for the widows of U.S. citizens. More-over, Congress also recognized legal author-ity for immigration prosecutorial discretion in INA §242(g), which bars judicial review of three specific prosecutorial discretion deci-sions by the agency: to commence removal proceedings, to adjudicate cases, and to exe-cute removal orders. Another important legal source for de-ferred action is Title 8 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Section 274a.12(c)(14) dates to 1981 and is the product of notice and com-ment rulemaking. This regulation specifi-cally identifies deferred action by name and allows individuals granted deferred action to apply for work authorization upon a showing of ‘‘economic necessity.’’ Over the last two decades, thousands of individuals have ap-plied for and received work authorization based on a deferred action grant. There are also agency guidance documents related to deferred action issued by DHS (and formerly INS) over the last four-plus decades. The 1976 legal opinion by former INS General Counsel Sam Bernsen cites to the Take Care Clause of the U.S. Constitu-tion, as well as statutory and case law from as early as 1825 to affirm the exercise of pros-ecutorial discretion in immigration. It was around this time when INS published its first guidance on deferred action in the form of an ‘‘Operations Instruction.’’ This ‘‘Operations Instruction’’ stated ‘‘(ii) Deferred action. In every case where the district director deter-mines that adverse action would be uncon-scionable because of the existence of appeal-ing humanitarian factors, he shall rec-ommend consideration for deferred action category.’’ Since 1975, deferred action has been identified in several subsequent guid-ance documents. Guidance documents are common in administrative law and are a rec-ognized form of agency action under the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act. At tension with the aforementioned body of law is a letter sent by ten state Attorneys General to the administration requesting that DACA 2012 be rescinded. This letter re-fers to DACA 2012 as ‘‘unlawful’’ and does so without citing to the foundational legal au-thorities behind deferred action. Further-more, the letter conflates deferred action, ‘‘lawful presence’’ and work authorization in ways that are legally unsound and unclear. Finally, the letter itself shoehorns argu-ments into Texas v. United States, a lawsuit that never included the core of DACA 2012, and instead involved policies that are at this point in time moot. Moreover, a previous lawsuit challenging DACA 2012 failed on ju-risdictional grounds and would inevitably in-form any future challenge. While the scope of this letter is to describe the legal foundation for DACA 2012, it is im-portant to highlight the history and inevi-tability of prosecutorial discretion in immi-gration enforcement. Prosecutorial discre-tion exists because the government has lim-ited resources and lacks the ability to en-force the law against the entire undocu-mented population. Recognizing this re-source limitation, Congress has charged the Secretary of DHS with ‘‘establishing na-tional immigration enforcement policies and priorities.’’ Prosecutorial discretion and policies like DACA 2012 also have a humani-tarian dimension, and such factors have long driven deferred action decisions. Finally, DACA 2012 has been an unqualified policy success, allowing over three-quarters of a million recipients to continue their edu-cation, receive professional licensing, find employment, and pay taxes into Social Secu-rity and other tax coffers. This letter outlines the legal foundation for DACA 2012 and confirms that maintain-ing such a policy falls squarely within the Executive’s discretion. The legal authority for the Executive Branch to operate DACA 2012 is crystal clear. As such, choices about its future would constitute a policy and po-litical decision, not a legal one. As the ad-ministration decides how best to address DACA 2012, we hope that the legal founda-tion and history for this policy is addressed wisely and that decisions on the future of DACA 2012 are made humanely. *All institutional affiliations are for iden-tification purposes only and do not signify institutional endorsement of this letter. Thank you for your attention. Shoba Sivaprasad Wadhia Esq.*, Samuel Weiss Faculty Scholar & Clinical Pro-fessor of Law, Director, Center for Im-migrants’ Rights Clinic, Penn State Law; Jill E. Family, Commonwealth Professor of Law and Government, Widener University Commonwealth Law School; Michael A. Olivas, Wil-liam B. Bates Distinguished Chair in Law, University of Houston Law Cen-ter; Stephen Yale-Loehr, Professor of Immmigration Law Practice, Cornell Law School; Hiroshi Motomura, Susan Westerberg Prager Professor of Law, University of California Los Angeles. Lenni Benson, Professor of Law, Director Safe Passage Project Clinic, New York Law School; Roxana C. Bacon, Adjunct Professor, University of Miami School of Law; Renee C. Redman, Adjunct Pro-fessor of Law, University of Con-necticut School of Law; Kristina M. Campbell, Professor of Law, UDC David A. Clarke School of Law; Caitlin Barry, Director, Farmworker Legal Aid Clin-ic, Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law; Jessica Anna Cabot, Clinical Teaching Fellow, Uni-versity of Connecticut School of Law. Sarah Song, Professor of Law and Polit-ical Science, U.C. Berkeley School of Law; Geoffrey Hoffman, Director, Uni-versity of Houston Law Center Immi-gration Clinic University of Houston Law Center; Randi Mandelbaum, Dis-tinguished Clinical Professor of Law Rutgers Law School; Stephen Legomsky, John S. Lehmann, Univer-sity Professor Emeritus, Washington University School of Law; Maryellen Fullerton, Professor of Law, Brooklyn Law School; Polly J. Price, Asa Griggs Candler Professor of Law, Emory Uni-versity School of Law. Linda Bosniak, Distinguished Professor Rutgers Law School; David Baluarte, Associate Clinical Professor of Law, Washington and Lee University School of Law; Jennifer Lee, Assistant Clin-ical Professor of Law, Temple Univer-sity Beasley School of Law; Karen Musalo, Bank of America Foundation Chair in International Law Professor & Director, Center for Gender and Ref-ugee Status, U.C. Hastings College of the Law; Melynda Barnhart, Visiting Associate Professor, New York Law School; Janet Beck, Visiting Assistant Clinical Professor, University of Hous-ton Law Center. Kevin Ruser, Professor of Law, Univer-sity of Nebraska College of Law; Dr. Barbara Harrell-Bond, Emerita Pro-fessor, Refugee Studies Centre, Univer-sity of Oxford; Deborah M. Weissman, Reef C. Ivey II Distinguished Professor of Law, University of North Carolina School of Law; Ce´sar Cuauhte´moc Garcı´a Herna´ndez, Associate Professor of Law, University of Denver Sturm College of Law; Miriam Marton, Assist-ant Clinical Professor of Law, Univer-sity of Tulsa College of Law; Michael J. Wishnie, William O. Douglas Clinical Professor of Law, Yale Law School; Hiroko Kusuda, Clinic Professor, Loy-ola New Orleans College of Law; David Abraham, Professor of Immigra-tion and Citizenship Law, University of Miami School of Law; Elissa Steglich, Clinical Professor, University of Texas School of Law; Marisa Cianciarulo, As-sociate Dean for Academic Affairs and Professor of Law, Chapman University; Benjamin Casper Sanchez; Director, James H. Binger Center for New Ameri-cans, University of Minnesota Law School; Leti Volpp, Robert D. and Les-lie Kay Raven Professor of Law, U.C. Berkeley School of Law; Michael J Churgin, Raybourne Thompson Centen-nial Professor in Law, University of Texas at Austin. Enid Trucios-Haynes, Professor of Law, Brandeis School of Law, University of Louisville; Christopher N. Lasch, Asso-ciate Professor, University of Denver Sturm College of Law; Rube ´n G. Rumbaut, Distinguished Professor, University of California, Irvine; Maureen A. Sweeney, Associate Pro-fessor, University of Maryland Carey School of Law; Alina Das, Professor of Clinical Law, New York University School of Law; Violeta R. Chapin, Clin-ical Professor of Law, University of Colorado Law School; Kate Griffith, Associate Professor, Cornell University 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.029 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6689 September 6, 2017 
School of Industrial and Labor Rela-tions. Stephen Wizner, William O. Douglas Clinical Professor, Emeritus and Pro-fessorial Lecturer, Yale Law School; Peter Margulies, Professor of Law, Roger Williams University School of Law; Prerna Lal, Staff Attorney and Clinical Supervisor EBCLC, a clinic of Berkeley Law, U.C. Berkeley School of Law; Theo Liebmann, Clinical Pro-fessor of Law, Hofstra Law School; Syl-via Lazos, Justice Myron Leavitt Pro-fessor, William S Boyd School of Law, University of Nevada Las Vegas; Ra-chel E. Rosenbloom, Professor of Law, Northeastern University School of Law. John A Scanlan, Emeritus Professor of Law, Maurer School of Law, Indiana University-Bloomington; Denise Gil-man, Director, Immigration Clinic Uni-versity of Texas Law School; Stella Burch Elias, Professor, University of Iowa College of Law; Jennifer Moore, Professor of Law, University of New Mexico School of Law; Charles Shane Ellison, Special Assistant Professor of Law in the Immigrant and Refugee Clinic, Creighton University School of Law; Marissa Montes, Co-Director, Im-migrant Justice Clinic, Loyola Law School; Howard F. Chang, Earle Hepburn Pro-fessor of Law, University of Pennsyl-vania Law School; Estelle M. McKee, Clinical Professor, Cornell Law School; Laila L. Hlass, Professor of Practice, Tulane University School of Law; Stewart Chang, Associate Professor of Law and Director of the Center for International and Comparative Law, Whittier Law School; Sarah Sherman- Stokes, Associate Director of the Im-migrants’ Rights and Human Traf-ficking Program, Boston University School of Law; Sabi Ardalan, Assistant Clinical Professor, Harvard Law School. Charles H. Kuck, Adjunct Professor, Emory Law School; Rebecca Sharpless, Clinical Professor, University of Miami School of Law; Jennifer Nagda, Lec-turer, University of Pennsylvania Law School; Linda Tam, Clinical Instructor, U.C. Berkeley School of Law; Philip L. Torrey, Managing Attorney, Harvard Immigration and Refugee Clinical Pro-gram, Harvard Law School; David B. Thronson, Professor of Law and Asso-ciate Dean for Experiential Education, Michigan State University College of Law. Veronica T. Thronson, Clinical Professor of Law, Director, Immigration Law Clinic, Michigan State University Col-lege of Law; Peter L. Markowitz, Pro-fessor of Law, Cardozo School of Law; Christina Pollard, Visiting Assistant Professor, University of Arkansas School of Law; Laura A. Hernandez, Professor of Law, Baylor Law School; Rebecca Kitson, Adjunct Professor of Law, University of New Mexico School of Law; Irene Scharf, Professor of Law, University of Mass Dartmouth School of Law; Maria Woltjen, Lecturer, Uni-versity of Chicago Law School. Michelle A. McKinley, Bernard B. Kliks Professor of Law, University of Oregon School of Law; Gabriel J. Chin, Edward L. Barrtt Jr. Chair & Martin Luther King Jr. Professor of Law, U.C. Davis School of Law; Ericka Curran, Immi-gration Clinic Professor, Florida Coast-al School of Law; Jennifer Lee Koh, Professor of Law, Western State Col-lege of Law; Anil Kalhan, Associate Professor of Law, Drexel University Kline School of Law; Kari Hong, As-sistant Professor, Boston College Law School; Holly S. Cooper, Lecturer and Co-Director of the Immigration Law Clinic, U.C. Davis School of Law. Julia Vazquez, Directing Attorney & Lecturer of Law, Southwestern Law School; Anita Sinha, Assistant Pro-fessor of Law, American University, Washington College of Law; Victor C. Romero, Professor of Law, Penn State Law; Alan Hyde, Distinguished Pro-fessor, Rutgers Law School; Kit John-son, Associate Professor of Law, Uni-versity of North Dakota School of Law; Mary Holper, Associate Clinical Pro-fessor, Boston College Law School; Jon Weinberg, Professor of Law, Wayne State University. Gloria Valencia-Weber, Professor Emerita, University of New Mexico School of Law; Sarah Paoletti, Prac-tice Professor of Law and Director, Transnational Legal Clinic, University of Pennsylvania School of Law; Monika Batra Kashyap, Visiting Assistant Pro-fessor of Law, Seattle University School of Law; Margaret H. Taylor, Professor of Law, Wake Forest Univer-sity School of Law; Kathleen Kim, Pro-fessor of Law, Loyola Law School Los Angeles; Susan Hazeldean, Assistant Professor, Brooklyn Law School. Joanne Gottesman, Clinical Professor of Law and Director, Immigrant Justice Clinic, Rutgers Law School; Sabrina Rivera, Staff Attorney/Adjunct Fac-ulty, Western State College of Law; Lynn Marcus, Professor of the Prac-tice; Co-Director, Immigration Law Clinic, University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law; Raquel E. Aldana, Associate Vice Chancellor for Chancellor for Academic Diversity and Professor of Law, U.C. Davis School of Law; Andrew Moore, Associate Pro-fessor of Law, University of Detroit Mercy School of Law. Jayesh Rathod, Professor of Law, Amer-ican University, Washington College of Law; Mariela Olivares, Associate Pro-fessor of Law, Howard University School of Law; Muneer I. Ahmad, Clin-ical Professor of Law and Deputy Di-rector for Experiential Education, Yale Law School; Sheila Velez Martinez, Jack and Lovell Olender Professor of Asylum, Refugee and Immigration Law, University of Pittsburgh School of Law; Richard A. Boswell, Professor of Law, U.C. Hastings College of the Law; Ediberto Roman, Professor of Law & Director of Immigration and Citizenship Initiatives, Florida Inter-national University. 
Ms. KAPTUR. So with this unani-mous consent request, I stand on behalf of those 4,400 Ohioans as well as 800,000 young Americans who are DREAMers and will inject new energy and new possibility into our country, help to fund programs like Social Security which they are paying into if they are working, and make their contribution to our country’s future. It is really an honor to rise on her be-half and ask for Congress to act imme-diately to pass legislation to protect these young people whose economic and cultural contributions will only make our Nation stronger. They will not displace anyone—any person—who has an application currently pending before our immigration service, but they will wait in line like everyone else because they are fair people and they deserve to be treated fairly by the Government of the United States. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the materials will be in-cluded in the RECORD . There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Time will be deducted from the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD an article about Alonso Guillen, a DREAMer who died trying to rescue Harvey flood victims. 
[From the LA Times, Sept. 4, 2017] ‘D
REAMER ’ DIESTRYING TORESCUE HARVEY  F
LOOD VICTIMS  (By Molly Hennessy-Fiske) Alonso Guillen drove more than 100 miles south from his home in Lukfin, Texas, last week, determined to help those trapped by Hurricane Harvey flooding in the Houston area. But he and another man disappeared after their boat capsized in a flood-swollen creek Wednesday, and relatives began searching for their bodies. On Friday, searchers found the body of Tomas Carreon, 25, of Lufkin. On Sunday, relatives spotted Guillen’s body. ‘‘He was floating in the water,’’ his brother Jesus Guillen, 36, a Lufkin truck driver, said in Spanish during a phone interview. Luis Ortega, 22, of Lufkin, who survived the boat accident, told searchers the men had been swept away by a powerful current. Ortega barely escaped by grabbing a floating gas tank, then a tree. Relatives said Guillen, a Mexican national, was a ‘‘Dreamer’’ enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which President Trump is said to be poised to scrap, though he may leave it intact for six months to give Congress time to find a legislative solution. (Ortega is a U.S. citizen, as was Carreon, Guillen’s brother said.) Guillen moved to Lufkin at age 14 from just across the border in Piedras Negras, Mexico. He later graduated from Lufkin High School, attended St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, worked in construction and at a local club, Rodeo Disko, and radio station, SuperMix 101.9 FM. He was known as ‘‘DJ Ocho,’’ who mixed country and hip-hop, followed Texans foot-ball and the Houston Astros, played softball and soccer, sported Cowboy hats and red, white and blue sunglasses. He used the station to organize fundraisers for those in need. ‘‘It didn’t matter what sit-uation it was,’’ said friend Linda Alvarez. Guillen masterminded the rescue trip to the Houston area just like one of his radio station fundraisers: on the fly, with friends’ help. After the storm hit, they borrowed a boat and drove south to save strangers. Like many in Texas, Guillen’s family has mixed immigration status and is divided by the border. His mother, a Mexican national, still lives in Piedras Negras, Mexico, with one of his brothers. His father is a legal resi-dent, and his brother Jesus is a U.S. citizen. Alonso Guillen applied for DACA, an Obama-era program that protected from de-portation about 800,000 immigrants brought to the country illegally as children. He ap-plied because so many of his family and friends were in the U.S., and that’s where he saw his future, his brother said. ‘‘His dream was to open a restaurant, something the whole family could enjoy and where they could come together,’’ his broth-er said. ‘‘He was trying; he was always updated with the news about the Dreamer program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.030 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6690 September 6, 2017 
He was ready to get it fixed and done,’’ friend Manny Muniz said of Guillen’s immi-gration status. Muniz, a fellow disc jockey, met Guillen a few years ago in the midst of a more minor crisis: He had booked a gig and didn’t have any speakers. Guillen lent him some, and they started working together. After the storm struck, Guillen started posting weather reports on Facebook. Early last week Guillen told Muniz he was headed to Houston, ‘‘to go save lives, go help people, volunteer his time.’’ Muniz said part of the reason Guillen ap-plied for DACA and wanted to become a legal resident was that he longed to be able to cross the border legally to visit Mexico, es-pecially his hometown. Instead, Guillen will be buried this week in Lufkin. He is survived by an 8-year-old daughter, Mariana, who lives in Guanajuato, Mexico, his brother said. Guillen’s family is planning his funeral at St. Patrick’s Catholic Church. Guillen’s mother may not be allowed to attend. The U.S. government has not granted her permis-sion to cross the border for the service, rel-atives said. ‘‘We hope that she can come, that they allow her to come,’’ said Jesus Guillen’s 14- year-old daughter, Zorayda. U.S. Customs and Border Protection tweeted condolences to Guillen’s family Monday, calling him ‘‘a rescue volunteer who died during Hurricane Harvey’’ and promising to allow Guillen’s mother to cross the border to attend his funeral. Jesus Guillen said he hopes the DACA pro-gram will not be dismantled. ‘‘It gives people like my brother opportuni-ties to be better, to have strength and be-lieve in themselves and become what they want to be,’’ he said. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I also include in the R
ECORD a letter to Mem-bers of Congress from The United States Conference of Mayors strongly objecting to what the President did. 
THEUNITED STATES  C
ONFERENCE OF MAYORS , Washington, DC, September 5, 2017. An Open Letter to the Congress on Dreamers from America’s Mayors D
EARMEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES AND THE U.S. S ENATE : We write on behalf of the nation’s mayors to urge you to quickly pass bipartisan legisla-tion that would enable Dreamers—people who have lived in America since they were children and built their lives here—to earn lawful permanent residence and eventually American citizenship if they meet certain criteria. We pledge to work with you in this effort and to do whatever we can to assist you in seeing it enacted into law. This June at the 85th Annual Meeting of The United States Conference of Mayors, we adopted strong policy supporting permanent legal status for Dreamers and extension of the DACA program We did this because it is the right thing to do—for Dreamers, for our communities and for our country. DACA has benefitted nearly 800,000 undocu-mented youth since it began in 2012. With work authorization and without the fear of deportation, these young people, who have done nothing illegal, have been able to par-ticipate in and contribute to our country, our cities and the nation’s economy: Eighty-seven percent of DACA recipients are employed by American businesses, and six percent have started their own busi-nesses, leading to higher wages and better economic outcomes. DACA recipients contribute 15.3 percent of their wages to taxes, which fund Social Secu-rity and Medicare, and DACA recipients are investing in assets like houses, and starting new businesses, bringing significant tax rev-enue to cities and states. It is expected that DACA recipients will contribute $9.9 billion in tax contributions over the next four years, and at least $433.4 billion to our gross domestic product (GDP) over the next decade. There is broad public support for Dream-ers: Sixty-four percent of Americans support letting ‘‘Dreamers’’ remain in the U.S. Seventy-one percent of Americans feel un-documented immigrants working in the U.S. should be offered a chance to apply for legal status. Seventy-five percent of Americans who voted for the President support Dreamers. Because of the Trump Administration’s de-cision to terminate DACA in six months, this legislation must be passed as quickly as possible so that the benefits to Dreamers, to our cities, and to our nation can continue. It would remove Dreamers’ fears of deportation and allow them to contribute even more to the country they love, which for many is the only country they have known. They would be able to reach their full potential in many ways, including serving in the military. The U.S. Conference of Mayors pledges to work with you to make this happen. Sincerely, MITCHELL J. L ANDRIEU , Mayor of New Orle-ans, President. E
RICGARCETTI , Mayor of Los Angeles, Chair, USCM Latino Alliance. J
ORGE ELORZA , Mayor of Providence, Co-Chair, Immigra-tion Reform Task Force. T
OMTAIT, Mayor of Anaheim, Co-Chair, Immigra-tion Reform Task Force. J
OHNGILES, Mayor of Mesa, Trust-ee. T
OMCOCHRAN , CEO and Executive Director. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, next, I include in the R
ECORD an article that appeared on the National Public Radio web page, entitled, ‘‘Microsoft Presi-dent to Trump: To Deport a DREAMer, You’ll Have to Go Through Us.’’ 
[From NPR, Sept. 5, 2017] M
ICROSOFT PRESIDENT TO TRUMP : TODEPORT  A DREAM
ER, YOU’LLHAVETOGOTHROUGH  U
S America’s business leaders are speaking out against President Trump’s move to end DACA. The president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, took a notable stand. He said not only will his company lobby for a legislative solution but also that Microsoft is calling on Con-gress to make immigration the top priority, before tax reform. And he is calling on other business leaders to follow suit. ‘‘There is nothing that we will be pushing on more strongly for Congress to act on,’’ Smith said in an interview with NPR. ‘‘We put a stake in the ground. We care about a tax reform bill. The entire business commu-nity cares about a tax reform. And yet it is very clear today a tax reform bill needs to be set aside until the DREAMers are taken care of. They have a deadline that expires in six months. Tax reform can wait.’’ Smith also said if the government moves to deport DREAMers who are Microsoft em-ployees, ‘‘it’s going to have to go through us to get that person.’’ This is the second time in a week that Smith has spoken out. Last Thursday, Smith and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both issued statements calling on the administra-tion to preserve DACA. Nadella, a first-gen-eration immigrant from India, struck a per-sonal note: ‘‘I am a product of two uniquely American attributes: the ingenuity of Amer-ican technology reaching me where I was growing up, fueling my dreams, and the en-lightened immigration policy that allowed me to pursue my dreams.’’ Meanwhile, in a letter to employees this morning, Apple CEO Tim Cook said more than 250 Apple workers are affected by the DACA repeal and that he has been hearing from them all weekend. ‘‘I want to assure you that Apple will work with members of Congress from both parties to advocate for a legislative solution that provides permanent protections for all the Dreamers in our country,’’ Cook said. Dozens of CEOs including Jeff Bezos of Amazon, Reed Hastings from Netflix, Ran-dall Stephenson from AT&T and Tim Sloan of Wells Fargo wrote a letter addressed to the president asking him to preserve the pro-gram. The leaders argued that all DACA recipi-ents grew up in America and give back to the community and pay income taxes. They said: ‘‘More than 97 percent are in school or in the workforce, 5 percent started their own busi-ness, 65 percent have purchased a vehicle, and 16 percent have purchased their first home. At least 72 percent of the top 25 For-tune 500 companies count DACA recipients among their employees.’’ In a public post, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said about Trump’s announce-ment: ‘‘This is a sad day for our country’’ and that he and his immigration advocacy vehicle at Fwd.US will be ‘‘doing even more in the weeks ahead to make sure Dreamers have the protections they deserve.’’ Sundar Pichai, the CEO of Google (an arm of Alphabet), did not make quite the same commitment on Twitter. But he took a moral stand, writing, ‘‘Dreamers are our neighbors, our friends and our co-workers. This is their home. Congress needs to act now to #DefendDACA. #WithDreamers.’’ When President Trump was first elected, leaders in the tech industry were reluctant to criticize campaign pledges of his that went against their values and interests. They took a wait-and-see approach and grap-pled with how to be a successful multi-national in an increasingly nationalistic world. Tuesday morning’s outpouring illus-trates a clear shift in business leaders’ will-ingness to speak out against decisions by the administration. Microsoft’s Smith says in the beginning of 2017, business leaders looked around and wondered how they would navigate this new unpredictable environment. They feared being attacked by the commander in chief on social media. Now, Smith says, ‘‘I don’t think people get up in the morning worrying about tweets. We have much bigger problems to worry about than that.’’ 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from over 500 business leaders in support of DACA who oppose what the President did yes-terday and who are upset at Congress for its inaction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.018 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6691 September 6, 2017 
OPENLETTER FROMLEADERS OF AMERICAN  I
NDUSTRY ON DACA August 31, 2017 To: President Donald J Trump To: Speaker Paul Ryan; Leader Nancy Pelosi; Leader Mitch McConnell; and Leader Charles E. Schumer As entrepreneurs and business leaders, we are concerned about new developments in immigration policy that threaten the future of young undocumented immigrants brought to America as children. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows nearly 800,000 Dreamers the basic opportunity to work and study without the threat of deportation, is in jeopardy. All DACA recipients grew up in America, registered with our government, submitted to extensive background checks, and are diligently giving back to our com-munities and paying income taxes. More than 97 percent are in school or in the work-force, 5 percent started their own business, 65 percent have purchased a vehicle, and 16 percent have purchased their first home. At least 72 percent of the top 25 Fortune 500 companies count DACA recipients among their employees. Unless we act now to preserve the DACA program, all 780,000 hardworking young peo-ple will lose their ability to work legally in this country, and every one of them will be at immediate risk of deportation. Our econ-omy would lose $460.3 billion from the na-tional GDP and $24.6 billion in Social Secu-rity and Medicare tax contributions. Dream-ers are vital to the future of our companies and our economy. With them, we grow and create jobs. They are part of why we will continue to have a global competitive advan-tage. We call on President Trump to preserve the DACA program. We call on Congress to pass the bipartisan DREAM Act or legisla-tion that provides these young people raised in our country the permanent solution they deserve. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I also include in the R
ECORD a statement signed by over 1,300 Catholic educators who call on President Trump and his administration to save DACA and pro-tect the DREAMers. 
[From Faith in Public Life, Ignatian Solidarity Network, and the Jesuits] O
VER 1,300 C ATHOLIC EDUCATORS CALL ON  T
RUMP ADMINISTRATION TO SAVEDACA AND P
ROTECT DREAMERS  D
EARGEN. KELLY : As educators at Catholic institutions, we write to convey profound concern for our vulnerable immigrant stu-dents. In your new position as Chief of Staff, you are now one of the most prominent Catholics in the Administration. Your direct line to President Trump and recent experi-ence as Secretary of Homeland Security pro-vides an opportunity for you to be an influ-ential champion for the children and youth who are the next generation of American leaders. We ask that you protect the dignity of our nation’s immigrant youth by advo-cating for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program until Congress passes the Dream Act. We stand with our students who are DACA beneficiaries. Their perseverance, hard work and hopefulness is an example to us as teach-ers. We witness the obstacles they overcome each day as they pursue their dream of a bet-ter life for themselves and their families. In facing adversity and uncertainty with grace and hope, they embody the best of our schools, our country and the Catholic tradi-tion. It is a moral and policy failure when our government targets children and young adults who simply aspire to live the Amer-ican dream. Breaking up families and com-munities undermines the best values of our nation. Bishop Joe S. Vasquez, Chair of the Migra-tion Committee at the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and Bishop of Austin, Texas, said recently in a statement. ‘‘These young people entered the U.S. as children and know America as their only home. The dignity of every human being, particularly that of our children and youth, must be protected.’’ We join Bishop Vasquez in urging you to uphold the DACA program. On several occa-sions, you have expressed that you would not make changes to DACA. We strongly encour-age you to maintain DACA as an essential program for the well-being of young people and our communities. Please know we are praying that you use your power prudently and that we remain committed to constructive dialogue. Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my friend from Massachusetts I am prepared to close when he is. I have no further speakers remaining. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. May I inquire how much time I have remaining, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 7
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. First of all, with regard to the under-lying bill that is being brought before the House today, a whole bunch of ap-propriations bills bunched together in an unprecedented way and, I would say, in an undemocratic way as well—no-body has had a chance to read these bills, over 1,300 pages—I don’t think anybody in this Chamber has read them all. Close to 1,000 amendments were sub-mitted. They were all asked to be sub-mitted before we came back into ses-sion while people were still on work re-cess. I don’t think Members have had a chance to review all of the amend-ments. As I said, hundreds of good amendments have already been re-jected. Last night in the Rules Committee, I invoked Senator J
OHNMCCAIN’s name. He recently wrote a piece in which he called upon Congress to go back to reg-ular order. I agree with him. We ought to go back to regular order. That is what the Speaker of the House prom-ised when he took the gavel, we would have regular order. This is not regular order. This is not the way we should decide spending matters. I will tell you right now that there will be lots of mistakes in this legisla-tion that is being rushed through—if it even goes anywhere—because we are now being told we are going to have to do a continuing resolution, and chances are we are going to end up hav-ing to do a long-term spending bill. But process matters, and when you bunch things together and when you rush things like this, mistakes are made. As I said in my opening, we are going to ask for people to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. If you vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, I will offer an amendment to bring up Representative ROYBAL -ALLARD ’s bill, which is the DREAM Act, which would actually solve the dilemma that we face. It would solve the dilemma that 800,000 good people in this country are now facing as a result of President Trump’s cruel decision yesterday to repeal DACA, to end DACA. These are people who, as you have heard from all my colleagues as they have told their stories, are working in this country. They are leading efforts to rescue people in hurricane-ravaged Texas. They are paramedics and they serve in our military. b1530 These are good people. This is their country. They were brought here as in-fants. This is the only country they know. The fact that we are treating these good people in such a terrible way, every one of us should be ashamed. That is not who we are. We keep on saying that every time the White House does something else that we find offensive. We keep on saying: That is not who we are; that is not who we are. Well, at some point, we have to prove it. We have to show it. If we believe DREAMers are a valu-able part of our community, then we need to protect them. This is a way to do it today. There is no need for com-promise and more discussion. It is very simple: you either support the DREAMers or you don’t. That is it. That is the only question at hand. If you want to load it up with all kinds of other extraneous materials, that is not a fair thing to do. That is not what these people deserve. Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are hearing from their constituents. I know they are hearing from their churches, syna-gogues, and mosques that we need to protect these people. Well, let’s do it. The DREAMers don’t need your words. They don’t need your sympathies. They don’t need your empathy. They need your vote. We have an opportunity today, by voting ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, to have a vote today on whether to pro-tect the DREAMers. It is that simple. Some of my colleagues on the Repub-lican side have spoken very eloquently about the DREAMers. If you mean it, then give us your vote. If you mean it, do less talking and give us the vote. That is what we are asking for today. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Let us help these great people. Let us help these people who have been such a valuable part of our community. Let us treat them with the dignity and re-spect that they deserve. Let us recog-nize that they view this country as their home. We should view this coun-try as their home as well. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. If that doesn’t work, then vote ‘‘no’’ on this lousy rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.022 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6692 September 6, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I fear you are going to have to use that admonition a great deal in the coming days, and I regret that. I regret that folks have begun to con-fuse civility with weakness. My experi-ence is, when you are strong, you don’t have to insult the people around you. When you are strong, you don’t have to call folks around you names. Civility and weakness are confused. In fact, more often than not, there is a loss of civility when folks feel at their weak-est. My friends on the other side of the aisle right now, Mr. Speaker, with good reason, feel very restricted. Being in the minority in the House of Rep-resentatives is a hard place to be. For my friend from Massachusetts, Mr. Speaker, being in the minority on the Rules Committee is among one of the hardest places to be. So I don’t fault him for his frustration one little bit. If I was in his shoes, I would be frustrated as well. Let me be clear: we are in this posi-tion with DACA today for one reason and one reason only, and that is be-cause instead of leading the Congress and leading the Nation, President Obama chose to act alone in a way that he knew would not be permanent. The instability that you see today is the result of folks acting in a way that was not stable. The confusion that you see today is the result of an adminis-tration that committed itself to that confusion instead of committing itself to consensus. I have been in this Congress for 7 years, Mr. Speaker. That is 7 years. For 4 of those 7 years, the United States Senate was led by the Demo-cratic Party. Not once in those 7 years has an immigration bill come to my desk from the United States. Not once. I know, as we sit here right now, the House Judiciary Committee has acted on immigration bill after immigration bill after immigration bill. Let’s be clear, Mr. Speaker: the situ-ation that the DREAMers find them-selves in today is the symptom of a Na-tion that does not have the security of its borders. Had America had security for its borders, we would not have al-lowed these families to put their chil-dren in these positions. Today, we have an amazing oppor-tunity to have this debate. I tell you that our President is in a unique posi-tion to lead us. It frustrates me so much, Mr. Speak-er, that folks want to assume the worst about one another and that the media is all too anxious to report the worst about one another. The President could have just canceled the DACA program. He could have instructed DHS to start proceedings today. He didn’t. It wouldn’t have been the right thing. It wouldn’t have been the prudent thing to do. He didn’t do it. What did he do? He said: I have read this thing called the United States Constitution. It turns out that only one group in the land has the opportunity to write the laws. It is me and my friend from Mas-sachusetts. It is the majority leader from Kentucky and the minority leader from New York across the way. He said: Congress, there is only one way this should have even been done. It should have been done in the Halls of Congress. That is not the way Presi-dent Obama chose to do it. He should have done better. He didn’t. We can do better. Let’s do. Now, to the sky-is-falling reports that came out one right after the other almost with glee from the fourth es-tate, the President spoke again to say: Listen, you know what? If Congress doesn’t get it right, I may have to act myself. I hope he doesn’t. I think that folks have too little confidence in what we can do together when we set our minds to it, but we do have to ask ourselves, watching the display here on the floor today, watching the displays we have had here on the floor in the past: Do we have a serious group of men and women here who want to work together on so-lutions? Or do we have a group of men and women here who want to just get the next headline, who want to just send out that next tweet, who just want to just make that next front page story of hysteria? I believe the former is true. I know the men and women on this floor, Mr. Speaker, not the caricature of the men and women that you read in the news-paper, but the real men and women on this floor, who each come here every single day to diligently serve the al-most 700,000 men and women that they report to back home. And I am proud to do it. I plea, Mr. Speaker, for you to use your leadership to not allow us to de-volve into the name calling and the acrimony that the fourth estate would like to suggest characterizes this Chamber, but to lead us to the sincere debate of caring about people, caring about the rule of law, caring about families. Let me just say, the best part of this job is the casework that each one of us does back home. You all know it. Peo-ple think the job happens in Wash-ington, D.C. It doesn’t. It happens one family at a time back home. You have heard the comments on the floor of the House today, Mr. Speaker. I have families in my district separated from one another. You want to talk about uniting families? I have families separated from one another standing in line to come to this country legally. I ask you, Mr. Speaker: How many folks have you heard standing up for my constituents whose families have been separated because they have been standing in line to get here for more than a year? How many folks have stood up for them? Not one. What about those families standing in line 2 years, Mr. Speaker? I have got them in my district, too. What about those families who have been separated for 3 years and standing in line trying to get to America the right way? Who is standing up for them? I don’t hear those calls on the floor of the House. I have got them in my district, too. What about 4 years, Mr. Speaker; 5 years, Mr. Speaker; 6 years, Mr. Speak-er? If you wanted to bring your adult child in from Mexico, you had to file in the 1990s for their number to be coming up today. That is crazy. It is crazy. Where is the conversation about re-forming the system that got us here to begin with? I applaud my friend for trying to solve the symptom. I beg my friend to work with me to cure the dis-ease. We have a President who can lead us in that direction, Mr. Speaker. He has the credibility of being tough on bor-ders and he has the heart of someone who wants to keep families united. We have an opportunity, Mr. Speaker. We can take it or we can reject it. I believe we are going to take it. But that is not for the business today. The business today is an appro-priations process. My friend from Mas-sachusetts called it unprecedented. He is right. I take no small amount of pleasure in talking about how right he is. I have been in this body for 7 years and we don’t generally get the appro-priations bills done before the end of the year, Mr. Speaker. Deadlines don’t tend to mean anything to us. We are about to make that happen. Mr. Speaker, 1997 was the last time Congress funded the government ahead of schedule, before the deadline. It has taken a continuing resolution every other year since 1997. We have an op-portunity this year to do it. I don’t know if we will take it or not. I hope that we will. We can’t solve everything every day, but we can solve something every day. We can make something better for someone every day. If you support this rule, we will bring to the floor four appropriations bills and 119 amendments, give or take. We are up in the Rules Committee right now making even more amendments in order, Mr. Speaker, to have even more voices be heard, to have even more op-portunity to make a difference for the families that we all represent back home. Support this rule. Be proud of this rule. Be proud of the work the Appro-priations Committee did. Mr. Speaker, you don’t hear it on the floor of the House, but it so frustrates me. If you had been in the Rules Committee last night, you would have seen Democrats and Republicans sitting side by side talking about the amazing work they did together on the appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.060 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6693 September 6, 2017 
process in the Appropriations Com-mittee, talking about the great admi-ration and respect that they had for one another because of the work they do together on the Appropriations Committee. We don’t hear that here on the floor of the House, and we should. We should hear more of that. We should hear more about the good work we are doing together. If we support this rule, Mr. Speaker, we will get a chance not to hear about it, but to experience it, to do it. I know my colleague from Massachu-setts and I have another 6, 7, 8 hours of Rules Committee work to do together tonight. I know my colleague is going to challenge us to do even better than what we are doing. I am prepared to ac-cept that challenge. But for today, Mr. Speaker, for this moment, I urge my colleagues to come to this floor; support this rule; move the appropriations process forward; fin-ish the appropriations process before the September 30 deadline; and serve your constituents back home, like I know every man and woman in this Chamber does. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule and support for the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 500 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC9. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (HR. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 10. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting the resolu-tion, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 187, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 442] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.061 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6694 September 6, 2017 
NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine Costa Cramer Cummings DeGette Garrett Granger Higgins (NY) Jackson Lee Ross Scalise Suozzi Wasserman Schultz 
b1608 Messrs. M
CEACHIN, SCHNEIDER, and POLIS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 191, not voting 12, as follows: Roll No. 443 AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—12 
Bridenstine Costa Cramer Cummings DeGette Garrett Higgins (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Suozzi Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present due to the funeral of my mother. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall votes No. 442 and No. 443, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 444. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers be given 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material in the consideration of H.R. 3354, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 500 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 3354. The Chair appoints the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1625 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of New York in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 1 hour. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, I rise today to present H.R. 3354, the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act. This legislation moves Congress one step closer to completing its critical work on our fiscal year 2018 appropria-tions bills ahead of the end of the fiscal year on September 30. Our bill respects the American peo-ple, their priorities for our Nation, and their hard-earned tax dollars, and it will help move our great country for-ward to a more stable and prosperous future. This funding, totaling $1.2 trillion, supports important domestic and inter-national programs that keep our people safe and help our economy grow and thrive, protects us from terrorists and those who want to do us harm, and assures that America has a critical role across the globe both militarily and diplomatically. Most importantly, this bill continues the work started with the national se-curity funding package that passed the House in July, the Make America Se-cure Appropriations Act, and it prioritizes the safety of the American people, targeting funding towards crit-ical law enforcement programs, secur-ing our borders and our cyber net-works, fighting terrorism, combating opioid abuse, and stemming the flow of illegal drugs and goods. Other funds are directed to programs that provide the greatest national ben-efit, including those that keep our food and drug supplies safe, that support public health preparedness, fight dev-astating wildfires, invest in critical in-frastructure, and otherwise protect and support our economy and economic freedom. All of these investments are made re-sponsibly. In each of our bills within this package, we have found savings, gotten rid of waste, fraud, and duplica-tion, and increased oversight to ensure that no taxpayer dollar is misspent, but we still have more work to do. This is the next step in the process, but it is not the end. We must also address new needs aris-ing from terrible flooding and damage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.027 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6696 September 6, 2017 
inflicted by Hurricane Harvey, which is affecting hundreds of thousands of peo-ple across Texas and Louisiana, as well as continue all government operations until the final appropriations package can be conferenced with the Senate and signed into law. b1630 This legislation today represents the House priorities and shows the Amer-ican people that this Chamber is mov-ing forward, governing effectively, and getting things done here in Wash-ington. Before I close, I would like to thank the members of the Appropriations Committee for their hard work over the past few months, and the staff that allows us to consider this bill today, especially the 12 chairs of the sub-committees. The committee drafted, considered, and marked up all 12 appro-priations bills in under 2 months, a record-breaking pace, and as a result, we have a fine package of solid bills on the floor this afternoon. I particularly would like to thank the chairs and ranking members of the committee of the bills we are consid-ering today, as well as the ranking member of the full committee, Mrs. L
OWEY , for her partnership and friend-ship throughout this process. I would also like to extend my personal thanks to our staff on both sides of the aisle for their efforts on these bills. This package is a product not only of the committee’s work, but also of the contribution of all Members of this body. While drafting these bills that compose this package, we took Mem-bers’ submissions very seriously, cre-ating a more representative bill that reflects the will of the American peo-ple. In July, the House took the first re-sponsible step of providing funding for critical national security priorities. With this bill, we complete our work on all 12 of our appropriations bills for the fiscal year. This morning, the House came to-gether on an overwhelmingly bipar-tisan basis to pass desperately needed emergency funding for the victims in Texas and Louisiana whose lives were destroyed by Hurricane Harvey. Fund-ing these important responsibilities of the Federal Government is our con-stitutional duty to the people we serve. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.069 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6697 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/1  EH06SE17.001lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT. AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT 
Management of Lands and Resources 
Land Resources: 
Soil, water and air management. Rangeland management 
Forestry management. 
Riparian management 
Cultural resources management. Wild 
horse and burro management 
Subtotal. 
Wildlife and Fisher1es: 
W1ldlife management. 
Fisheries management 
Subtotal 
Threatened and endangered species .. 
Recreation Management· W1lderness management. 
Recreation resources management. 
Subtotal 
Energy and Minerals: 
Oil and gas management. 
Oil and gas permit processing. 
Oil and gas inspection and enforcement .. 
Subtota 1 . Oil and gas 
Coal management 
Other m1neral resources 
Renewable energy .. 
Subtotal, Energy and Minerals. 
Realty and Ownership Management Alaska conveyance 
Cadastral , 1 ands, and realty management' .. 
Subtotal. 
Resource Protection and Maintenance: Resource management plann1ng Abandoned mine 
lands. 
Resource protection and law enforcement. 
Hazardous mater1als management 
Subtotal 
Transportation and Facilities Maintenance: Annual 
maintenance 
Deferred maintenance 
Subtotal FY 2017 
Enacted 
43.609 
79,000 
10' 076 
21 '321 
16' 131 
80,555 
250.692 
103,281 
12,530 
-------------
115.811 
21 '567 
18,264 
53,465 
-------------
71 '729 
67,574 
6,365 
48,000 
-------------
121.939 
10,868 
10' 978 
29,061 
------·------
172 '846 
22,000 
51 ,480 
-------- ~ ~ 
73,480 
52' 125 
20,036 
26,616 
15,463 
-----------
114,240 
39' 125 
29,201 
--- - ------- ~ -
68,326 FY 2018 
Request 
27.034 
67,753 
10' 135 
20,222 
16,365 
70.719 
-~~-~-~~~ --
212.228 
75' 107 
11.812 
-------------
86.919 
20,322 
15,515 
47,234 
-------------
62,749 
75,927 
5,737 
48,385 
-------------
130,049 
19,015 12,043 16,292 
-------------
177.399 
14,447 
45,892 
60.339 
38.437 
9,062 
25,708 
10,780 
~ ---------
83,987 
36,344 
26,474 
-- - - - - - - ----~ 
62,818 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 
42,497 -1 '112 +15,463 
76,981 -2,019 +9,228 
9,819 -257 -316 
20' 777 -544 +555 
15,719 -412 -646 
80,555 +9,836 
------~~¥~~~---
246,348 -4,344 +34' 120 
103,281 +28,174 
12,210 -320 +398 -----------~ - -- ~ ----------------------
115,491 -320 +28,572 
21 '017 -550 +695 
17' 798 -466 +2,283 
52' 102 -1 '363 +4,868 
------------- ------------- -------------
69,900 -1 '829 +7' 151 
65,851 -1 '723 -10,076 
6,203 -162 +466 
46' 776 -1 '224 -1 '609 
------------- ------------- -------------
118,830 -3,109 -11 '219 
10' 591 -277 -8,424 
10,698 -280 -1 '345 
28,320 -741 +12,028 
------------- ------------- -------------
168,439 -4,407 -8,960 
21 '439 -561 +6,992 
50' 167 -1 '313 +4,275 ------ --
71,606 -1 '874 +11 '267 
52' 125 +13,688 
19,525 -511 +10,463 
27,616 +1 '000 +1 '908 
15,069 -394 +4,289 
------------~ ~ ~ ------- -----------------
114' 335 +95 +30,348 
38' 127 -998 +1 '783 
28,456 -745 +1 '982 ------------- ------------- -------------
66,583 -1 '743 +3,765 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6698 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/2  EH06SE17.002lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Workforce and Organizational Support· 
Adm1nistrative support 
Bureauwide f1xed costs. 
Information technology management. 
Subtotal. 
National landscape conservation system, base program. 
Commun1cat1on s1te management 
Offsetting collect1ons 
Subtotal, Management of lands and resources 
M1ning Law Administrat1on 
Administrat1on. 
Offsetting collections 
Subtotal, Mining Law Administration. 
Total, Management of Lands and Resources. 
Land Acquisition 
Land Acquisit1on 
Emergencies, Hardships, and Inholdings 
Acqu1s1tion Management 
Recreational Access 
Subtotal 
Resc1ssion 
Total, Land acquis1t1on 
Oregon and Cal1fornia Grant Lands 
Western Oregon resources management. 
Western Oregon information and resource data systems. 
Western Oregon transportat1on & facilities maintenance 
Western Oregon construction and acquisition 
Western Oregon national monument. 
Total. Oregon and California Grant Lands. 
Range Improvements 
Current appropriat1ons. 
Service Charges. Deposits, and Forfeitures 
Service charges, depos1 ts, and forfeitures. 
Offsetting fees. 
Total, Serv1ce Charges, Deposits & Forfe1tures. 
Miscellaneous Trust Funds and Permanent Operating 
Funds 
Current appropriations 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT 
(Mandatory) 
(Discretionary) FY 2017 
Enacted 
51 '139 
92,649 
26' 077 -------------
169,865 
36,819 
2,000 
-2,000 
-------------
1,095,375 
39,696 
-55,000 
-------------
-15' 304 
-------------
1,080,071 
19,800 
1 '616 
2,000 
8,000 
-------------
31 ,416 
-------------
31 '416 
94,445 
1 '798 
9,628 
335 779 
-------------
106,985 
10,000 
31 '050 
-31 '050 
24,000 
,252,472 
(34,000) 
(1,218,472) FY 2018 
Request 
50,368 
93' 176 
25' 163 
-------------
168 ,707 
27,695 
2,000 
-2,000 
-------------
963,163 
39,696 
-56,696 
------ ------
-17,000 
-------------
946,163 
,613 
,996 
-------------
3,609 
-------------
3,609 
81 '353 
1 '313 
6,087 
351 
696 
-------------
89,800 
10,000 
24,595 
-24,595 
24,000 
1,073,572 
(34,000) 
(1,039,572) Bill 
48,396 
92' 176 
24,412 
-------------
164,984 
35,800 
2,000 
-2,000 
-------------
1,074,503 
39,696 
-56,696 
-------------
-17,000 
-------------
1,057,503 
6,000 
1 '000 
1 '800 
4,000 
-------------
12,800 
-1 '769 -------------
11 '031 
92,037 
1 '752 
9,382 
326 759 
-------------
104,256 
10.000 
24,595 
-24,595 
24,000 
1 '206 ,790 
(34,000) 
(1,172,790) Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-2,743 
-473 
-1 '665 -------------
-4' 881 
-1 '019 
-------------
-20,872 
-1 '696 -------------
-1 '696 -------------
-22,568 
-13,800 
-616 
-200 
-4,000 
-------------
-18' 616 
-1 ,769 
-------------
-20,385 
-2,408 
-46 
-246 
-9 
-20 
-------------
-2,729 
-6,455 
+6,455 
-45,682 
(-45,682) Bill VS. 
Request 
-1 '972 
-1 '000 
-751 
-------------
-3,723 
+8' 105 
-------------
+111 '340 
-------------
-------------
+111 ,340 
+6,000 
-613 -196 
+4,000 
-------------
+9' 191 
-1 ,769 
-------------
+7,422 
+10,684 
+439 
+3,295 
-25 +63 
-------------
+14,456 
+133,218 
(+133,218) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6699 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/3  EH06SE17.003lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE 
Resource Management 
Ecological Services 
L1sting. 
Planning and consultation. 
Conservation and restoration. 
(National Wetlands Inventory) .. 
(Coastal Barrier Resources Act) Recovery. 
Subtotal. 
Habitat conservation: 
Partners for f1sh and wildlife. 
Coastal programs. 
Subtotal .. 
National W1ldlife Refuge System: 
Wildlife and habitat management .. 
Visitor services. 
Refuge law enforcement. 
Conservation plann1ng 
Refuge maintenance 
Subtotal 
Conservation and Enforcement: 
Migratory bird management. 
Law enforcement 
International affait·s 
Subtotal .... 
Fish and Aquat1c Conservation: 
National fish hatchery system operations. 
Maintenance and equipment Aquat1c 
habitat and species conservation. 
Subtotal. 
Cooperative landscape conservation. 
Science Support. 
Adaptive science 
Service science .. 
Subtotal 
General Operations: 
Central off1ce operations. 
Reg1onal off1ce operations. 
Servicew1de bill paying. 
National F1sh and Wildlife Foundation. 
National Conservat1on Training Center. 
Subtotal. 
Total. Resource Management .. 
Construction 
Construction and rehab1litation. 
Line item construction prOJeCts. 
Bridge and dam safety programs .. 
Nationwide engineering service .. 
Total, Construction. FY 2017 
Enacted 
20,515 
103.079 
32.396 
(3 ,471) 
( 1 '390) 
84,032 
----------
240.022 
51' 776 
13,375 
----~ ----
65' 151 
231 '843 
73,319 
38,054 
2,523 
138' 188 
483,927 
48' 105 
75,053 
15,816 
138,974 
55,418 
22,920 
76,872 
------------
155,210 
12,988 
10.517 
6,468 
-------------
16,985 
40,569 
37' 722 
35' 177 
7,022 
25,014 
-------------
145.504 
-------------
1 '258 ,761 
9.482 
1 '972 
7' 161 
-------------
18,615 FY 2018 
Request 
17' 122 
98,755 
29' 775 
(3,464) 
(1 '387) 
79,563 
------------
225,215 
45,884 
11 '970 
--------
57,854 
224,893 
71 '091 
37,929 
136' 196 
470,109 
44,001 
73,002 
14.183 
131 '186 
51' 942 
19,882 
64,589 
-------------
136,413 
-------------
36,965 33,574 36,365 
5,009 
18,439 
-------------
130.352 
-------------
1,151.129 
9,093 
1 '232 
5 '475 -------------
15,800 Bill 
17' 122 
104,783 
29,791 
( 3 '471) 
( 1 '390) 
85,570 
~ -------- ----
237,266 
53,476 
13' 375 
66,851 
231,843 
73,319 
38,054 
2,523 
138' 188 .. ... 
483,927 
48' 157 
75,053 
15,816 
139,026 
55,818 
22,920 
80,976 
-------------
159,714 
12,988 
8,517 8,468 
-------------
15,985 
36,965 
33,574 36,365 
5,009 
18,439 
-------------
130,352 
-------------
1,247,109 
9,093 
1 '972 
5,475 
-------------
16,540 Bill vs 
Enacted 
-3,393 
+1 '704 
-2,605 
+1 '538 
---------
-2,756 
+1 '700 
+1 '700 
+52 +52 
+400 
+4' 104 -------------
+4,504 
-2,000 
+2,000 
-------------
-3,604 
-4' 148 
+1 '188 
-2,013 -6,575 
-------------
-15' 152 -------------
-11 '652 
-389 
-1 '686 
-------------
-2,075 Bill vs. 
Request 
+6,028 
+16 (+7) (+3) 
+6,007 -------------
+12,051 
+7,592 
+1 '405 -~ ---------
+8,997 +6,950 
+2,228 
+125 
+2,523 
+1 '992 
+13,818 
+4' 156 
+2 '051 
+1 '633 
+7,840 
+3,876 +3,038 
+16,387 -------------
+23,301 
+12,988 
+8,517 +8,468 
-------------
+16,985 
--.. ----------
-------------
+95,980 
+740 
-------------
+740 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6700 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/4  EH06SE17.004lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Land Acquisition 
Acquisitions, 
Emergencies, Hardships, and Inholdings. 
Exchanges .. 
Acquisition Management. 
H1ghlands Conservat1on Act Grants. 
Recreational Access. 
Land Protection Planning 
Subtotal. 
Rescission. 
Total, Land Acquisition. 
Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund 
Grants and admin1stration 
Conservation grants 
HCP assistance grants. 
Administration. 
Subtotal . Land 
acquisition: 
Species recovery land acquisition. 
HCP land acquisition grants to states. 
Subtotal 
Subtotal, Cooperative Endangered Species Fund .. 
Rescission. 
Total, Cooperatiave Endangered Species 
Conservation Fund. 
National W1ldlife Refuge Fund 
Payments in lieu of taxes. 
North American Wetlands Conservation Fund 
North American Wetlands Conservation Fund. 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation 
Migratory bird grants. 
Multinational Species Conservation Fund 
African elephant conservation fund. 
Rhinoceros and tiger conservation fund. 
Asian elephant conservation fund. 
Great ape conservation fund 
Marine turtle conservation fund 
Total, Multinational Species Conservation Fund. FY 2017 
Enacted 
27,406 
5,351 
1 '500 
12' 773 
10,000 
2,500 
465 
~ ~ k -- - - -- - - - -
59,995 
-------------
59,995 
10,508 
9,485 
2.702 
-------------
22,695 
11 '162 
19.638 
30,800 
-----------
53 ,495 
53,495 
13,228 
38' 145 
3.910 
2,582 
3,440 
1 '557 
1 '975 
1 '507 -------------
11 '061 FY 2018 
Request 
2 '641 
1,197 
12 ,7 49 
464 
---~---------
17,051 
-------------
17' 051 
10,487 
6,518 
2,298 
----------
19,303 
---------
19 ,303 
19,303 
33,600 
3,900 
2' 101 
2,798 
1 '267 
1 '607 
1 '227 -------------
9,000 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
16' 000 ·11 '406 +16,000 
2,641 2,710 
1,000 -500 197 
10' 000 -2' 773 -2 ,7 49 
10,000 +10,000 
1,000 -1 '500 +1 '000 
-465 -464 ------------- -------------- ~-----------
40,641 -19,354 +23,590 
-4,572 -4,572 -4,572 
------------- ------------- -------------
36,069 -23,926 +19,018 
10,508 +21 
9,485 +2,967 
2,702 +404 
------------- ------------- -------------
22,695 +3,392 
11,162 +11 '162 
19,638 +19,638 -------------------
30,800 +30,800 
----------- ---------
53,495 +34' 1 92 
-3,000 -3,000 -3,000 
50,495 -3,000 +31 '192 
13,228 +13,228 
38' 145 +4,545 
3,900 -10 
2,582 +481 
3,440 +642 1 
'557 +290 
1 '975 +368 1 
'507 +280 
-----------~-------------- -------------
11 '061 +2,061 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6701 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/5  EH06SE17.005lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
State and Tribal Wildlife Grants 
State wildlife grants (formula) 
State wildl1fe grants (competitive). 
Tnbal wildl1fe grants. 
Total. State and tribal wildlife grants. 
TOTAL. U S FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE. 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE 
Operation of the National Park System 
Park Management· 
Resource stewardship .. 
Visitor services 
Pat·k protection 
Facil1ty operations and maintenance. 
Park support 
Subtotal. 
External administrative costs 
Total. Operation of the National Park System. 
National Recreation and Preservation 
Recreation programs. 
Natural programs 
Cultural programs .. 
International park affairs. 
Env1ronmental and compliance review .. 
Grant adm1nistration .. 
Heritage Partnership Programs. 
Total. National Recreation and Preservation 
Historic Preservation Fund 
State historic preservation offices .. 
Tr1 bal grants. 
Compet1t1ve grants 
Save America's Treasures grants. 
Grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities 
Total, Historic Preservation Fund. 
Construction 
General Program 
Line item construction and maintenance. 
Emergency and unscheduled 
Hous1ng. 
Dam safety. 
Equ1pment replacement. 
Planning, construction 
Construction program management 
General management plans 
Total, Construction 
Land and Water Conservation Fund (rescission of 
contract authority). FY 2017 
Enacted 
52,000 
6,362 
4,209 
62' 571 FY 2018 
Request 
48,919 
3,917 
52,836 Bill 
52,000 
6,362 
4,209 
62,571 Bill vs. 
Enacted Bill vs 
Request 
+3,081 
+6,362 
+292 
+9,735 
~~=========== ============= ============= ============= ============= 
1,519,781 1,302.619 1 '479' 118 -40,663 +176,499 
328,955 301,928 328,955 +27,027 
252,103 223,785 252' 103 +28,318 
356,643 338,198 352,443 -4,200 +14,245 
778,584 685,899 768,892 -9,692 +82,993 
528,066 496,103 528,066 +31 ,963 
~ ~ ----------- -~ ---------~ ~ --------------- --~ ----~ -~ -~ -
2.244,351 2,045,913 2,230,459 -13,892 +184,546 
180,667 179,572 179,572 -1 '095 
~ -~ -¥ --~ -- -----~ -- ~ -----~ -- ~ --
2,425,018 2 ,225,485 2,410,031 -14,987 +184,546 
589 589 
13,581 12,089 12,929 -652 +840 
24,562 22,408 24,815 +253 +2,407 
1 '648 1 '310 1 '631 17 +321 
433 385 433 +48 
2,004 -2,004 
19,821 809 19,821 +19,012 
62,638 37,001 59,629 3,009 +22,628 
47,925 42' 134 46.925 -1 '000 +4 '791 
10.485 8,966 9,485 -1 '000 +519 
13,500 11 '000 -2,500 +11 '000 
5,000 5,000 +5,000 
4,000 3,000 -1 '000 +3,000 ---------- ------ ------------- --------------------
80,910 51' 100 75,410 -5,500 +24,310 
131 ,992 137,011 137,011 +5,019 
3, 855 3,848 3,848 -7 
2,200 2,200 2.200 
1 '248 1 '247 1 '247 -1 
13' 500 13,474 13,474 -26 
7,966 17,453 12.711 +4,745 -4.742 
36 '771 40,656 38,713 +1. 942 -1 '943 
11,821 10,640 10.640 -1 '181 --------------------------------------- ------------- -------------
209,353 226,529 219,844 +10,491 -6,685 
-28,000 -28,020 -28,020 -20 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6702 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/6  EH06SE17.006lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Land Acquisition and State Assistance 
Assistance to States 
State conservat1on grants (formula). 
State conservat1on grants (competitive). 
Administrat1ve expenses. 
Subtotal 
National Park Service: 
Acquisitions. 
Recreational Access. 
American Battlefield Protection Program 
Emergencies, Hardships, Relocations, and 
Def1ciencies 
Acquisition Management. 
Inholdings, Donations, and Exchanges 
Subtotal. Subtotal, 
Land Acquisition and State Assistance. 
Rescission 
Total. Land Acquisition and State Assistance. 
Centennial Challenge 
TOTAL, NATIONAL PARK SERVICE. 
UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY 
Surveys, Investigations, and Research 
Ecosystems. 
Status and trends. 
F1sheries. Aquatic and endangered resources. 
Wildlife. Terrestrial and endangered resources. 
Terrestrial. Freshwater and marine environments. 
Invasive spec1es. 
Cooperative research units 
Total, Ecosystems. 
Cl1mate and Land Use Change (FY 2017 Structure): 
Climate Variability: 
Climate science centers. 
Climate research and development. 
Carbon sequestration. 
Subtotal 
Land Use Change· 
Land remote sensing. 
Land change science. 
Subtota 1 ... 
Total. Climate and Land Use Change. FY 2017 
Enacted 
94,000 
12,000 
4,006 
-------------
110,006 
21 ,488 
2,000 
10,000 
3,928 
9,679 
4,928 
-------------
52,023 
162,029 
-------------
162,029 
20,000 
============= 
2 '931 ,948 
==========::::::::::::::: 
20,473 
21 '136 
46,007 
37,415 
17' 330 
1 7 
'3 71 --- - - ---~ ~ 
159,732 
25,335 
19,295 
8,959 
--------
53.589 
85,794 
9,892 
95,686 
-------------
149,275 FY 2018 
Request 
3,043 
-------------
3,043 
8,481 
3' 071 
8,716 
3.069 
-------------
23,337 
26,380 
-------------
26,380 
14 '971 
============= 
2,553.446 
:::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:;: 
16,834 
15,846 
35,471 
29.342 
17,297 
17,338 
--- --- ----- ~ -
132' 128 
-------------
-------~ ---
-------------Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
70,000 -24,000 +70,000 
5,000 7,000 +5,000 
4,006 +963 
------------- --------------------------
79,006 -31 ,000 +75,963 
16,000 -5,488 +16,000 
1. 000 -1 ,000 +1 ,000 
10,000 +1 ,519 
2,500 ·1 ,428 -571 
9,000 -679 +284 
3,069 -1.859 
------------- ------------- -------------
41 ,569 -10,454 +18,232 
------... ••••-••wN 
1 20' 57 5 -41. 454 +94' 195 
-4,500 -4,500 -4,500 
------------- ------------- -------------
116,075 -45,954 +89,695 
15' 000 -5,000 +29 
============= ============= ============= 
2,867,969 -63,979 +314,523 
:::::==========:::::::::: :::;:;:::::::::::::::::;:::::;:::::::::::::::::::: ============= 
18' 873 -1.600 +2,039 
20' 136 -1 '000 +4,290 
42,907 -3' 100 +7,436 
36,415 -1 '000 +7,073 
17.330 +33 
17. 371 +33 
--------- ------------- ~ ~-----------
153,032 -6,700 +20,904 
-25,335 -19,295 
-8,959 -----~ --- - -----~ ------- ----- ~ ----------
-53,589 
-85,794 
-9,892 
-95,686 ------------- ------------- -------------
-149,275 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6703 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/7  EH06SE17.007lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Land Resources (Proposed FY 2018 Structure): 
National Land Imaging. Land change 
science 
National and regional climate adaptation science 
centers 
Total, Land Resources. 
Energy, Minerals, and Environmental Health· 
Mineral and Energy Resources: 
Minerals resources 
Energy resources ... 
Subtotal. 
Environmental Health: 
Contaminant biology. 
Toxic substances hydrology. 
Subtotal 
Total, Energy, Minerals. and Environmental 
Health 
Natural Hazards: 
Earthquake hazards 
Volcano hazards 
Landslide hazards. 
Global seismographic network. 
Geomagnet1sm 
Coastal/Marine Hazards and Resources. 
Total, Natural Hazards. 
Water Resources: 
Water Availability and Use Science Program. 
Groundwater and Streamflow Information Program .. 
National Water Quality Program .. 
Water Resources Research Act Program. 
Total. Water Resources. 
Core Science Systems 
Science, synthesis, analysis, and research. 
National cooperative geological mapping 
National Geospatial Program. 
Total. Core Science Systems. 
Science Support 
Admlnistration and Management. 
Information Services 
Total. Science Support 
Facilities· 
Rental payments and operations & maintenance ... 
Deferred maintenance and capital impt-ovement .. 
Total, Facilities. 
TOTAL. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY FY 2017 
Enacted 
48,371 
24,695 
----~ ~ ~ ~ 
73,066 
10' 197 
11 '048 
·-·----------
21 '245 
---- ~ ------
94,311 
64,303 
28' 121 
3,538 
6,653 
1 ,888 
40.510 
-~ ~ --- --- - ---
145,013 
45.052 
72,673 
90,529 
6,500 
-------------
214,754 
24,299 24,397 
67,354 
-------------
116,050 
81 '981 
23,630 
105,611 
93' 141 
7,280 
100 '421 
:::;:::;::::::;:::;;:::;::;::::;::::::::;:::;::;::::; 
1,085,167 
============= FY 2018 
Request 
76' 127 
19,285 17,435 
112.847 
48,279 
26' 125 
74,404 
8,230 
8,876 
··-----------
17 '106 
91 ,510 
51' 388 
22.432 
3 '531 
4,986 
35,774 
-------------
118' 111 
30,413 
68' 159 
74,470 
-------------
173.042 
18,753 
22,281 
51' 935 
-------------
92,969 
69,379 
19,989 
-------------
89.368 
104,927 
7,266 
--------
112' 193 
:;::;:;:::;::::;:;::::;::;:::;::::::::::::::;:::: 
922,168 
============= Bill 
83,883 
19' 285 
17,435 
120,603 
48' 371 
26' 125 
74,496 
10' 197 
11 '398 -------------
21 '595 
----
96,091 
64,303 
26,521 
3,538 
6,653 
1 '888 
38,601 
-------------
141.504 
42,052 
73' 173 
89,029 
6,500 
-------------
210,754 
22,986 
24,397 
67,354 
-------------
114,737 
77' 882 
22,449 
-------------
100.331 
94,604 
7,266 
-------------
101 '870 
============= 
1,038,922 
============= Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+83,883 +19,285 
+17,435 
+120,603 
+1 '430 
+1,430 
+350 
--·----------
+350 
+1 '780 
-1 '600 
-1 '909 -------------
-3,509 -3,000 
+500 
1 '500 
-------------
-4,000 
-1 ,313 
-------------
-1 '313 
-4,099 
-1 '181 -------------
5,280 
+1,463 
-14 ------
+1 '449 
============= 
-46,245 
============= Bill vs. 
Request 
+7,756 
+7,756 
+92 
--¥~-~~~~~~~~ 
+92 
+1 ,967 
+2,522 
-------------
+4,489 
+4,581 
+12,915 
+4,089 
+7 
+1 '667 
+1 ,888 
+2,827 
-------------
+23,393 
+11 '639 
+5,014 
+14,559 
+6,500 
-------------
+37,712 
+4,233 
+2' 116 
+15,419 
-------------
+21 ,768 
+8,503 +2,460 
-------------
+10,963 
-10,323 
-------------
-10' 323 
============= 
+116,754 
============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6704 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/8  EH06SE17.008lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR. ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT 
Ocean Energy Management Renewable 
energy 
Conventional energy. 
Environmental assessment .. 
Executive direction 
Subtota 1 . 
Offsetting rental receipts. 
Cost recovery fees. 
Subtotal. offsetting collections. 
Rescission 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT. 
BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT 
Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement Environmental 
enforcement. 
Operations, safety and regulation .. 
Administrative operations. 
Executive direction 
Subtotal 
Offsetting rental receipts 
Inspection fees 
Cost recovery fees. 
Subtotal. offsetting collections. 
Rescission 
Total, Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement. 
Oil Spi 11 Research 
Oi 1 spi 11 research .. 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL 
ENFORCEMENT. 
OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT 
Regulation and Technology Environmental 
protection 
Permit fees 
Offsetting collections. 
Technology development and transfer 
Financial management .. 
Executive direction. 
C1vil penalties (indefinite). 
Subtotal FY 2017 
Enacted 
23.887 
58,963 
68,045 
18.665 
~ w -~ ~ - - ~ -
169,560 
-88,487 
-6,457 
-------------
-94,944 
======::::::::;;;;:;:;:;;:::::: 
74,616 
===:::========= 
8.314 
144,954 
18,268 18,236 
-~ --- - - --~ ¥ ~ ~ 
189,772 
-37.922 
-53,000 
-5,608 
-96.530 
-25.000 
----------
68,242 
14 '899 
==-=========::::= 
83' 141 
::::::::;::;;::::;:::::::::::;::::::::;:::::::::::::: 
90' 138 
40 
-40 
15 '205 
505 
15' 169 
100 
-~ ------- ~ -~ 
121 '117 FY 2018 
Request 
21 ,676 
58' 123 
73,834 
17' 367 
~ ¥ -~ ~ --M 
171 .000 
-55,374 
-1 . 460 
~ -- - - - - - - ----
-56,834 
============= 
114' 166 
::::;;:::::;::::;::::;::::;::::;::::;::::;::::;::::;;:!::; 
4,453 
151,061 
18,350 
18,318 
- - ~ ~ - ------ -
192' 182 
-23,732 
-62,000 
-4' 139 
--- -- ~ ---
-89. 871 
-----------
102,311 
12.700 
============= 
115' 011 
::::;,;::;::;::::::;:::;;:::;;::::;::::;:::::::=:::;:;::; 
82' 185 
40 
-40 
12,801 
510 
13,936 
100 
-----------
109,532 Bi 11 
21 ,676 
58' 123 
73,834 
17,367 
-- ---- ~ -- ~ ---
171 .000 
-55,374 
-1 ,460 
----------
56,834 
-25,000 
============= 
89' 166 
============= 
4,453 
148,454 
16,768 
16,736 
------------
186' 411 
-23,732 
-50,000 
-4 '139 ------------
-77' 871 
-12,000 
-- ~ ~ -- ----
96,540 
12' 700 
============= 
109,240 
========:=::::::;:::::;:::: 
86,548 
40 
-40 
12' 801 505 
13,936 
100 
,. .. -- ------~ 
113,890 Bi 11 VS 
Enacted 
-2,211 
-840 
+5, 789 
-1 ,298 
--------
+1 .440 
+33' 113 
+4,997 
* ~ -------
+38. 110 
-25,000 
============= 
+14,550 
============= 
-3,861 
+3,500 
-1 '500 
-1 '500 -- ~ -------
·3,361 
+14' 190 
+3,000 
+1 '469 
------------
+18,659 
+13,000 
+28,298 
-2' 199 
============= 
+26,099 
===========-== 
-3,590 
2,404 
-1 '233 
-7,227 Bill vs. 
Request 
-~~~~-~------
----- ~ -w ~- -~ -
-25,000 
============= 
-25,000 
===::::========= 
·2,607 
-1 '582 
-1 ,582 
-5 '771 
+12,000 
--~ --------
+12,000 
-12.000 
~ ~ -- ~ ---
5' 771 
====::::;;;;;;:;;:::::::=== 
-5' 771 
::::;::::;=::::::::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;: 
+4,363 
·5 
+4,358 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6705 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/9  EH06SE17.009lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Civil penalties (offsetting collections). 
Total, Regulation and Technology. 
Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund 
Environmental restoration. 
Technology development and transfer 
Financial management 
Executive direction 
State grants 
Total , Abandoned Mine Reel a mat ion Fund. 
TOTAL, OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND 
ENFORCEMENT. 
BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION 
Operation of Indian Programs 
Tribal Budget System 
Tribal Government: Aid 
to tribal government. 
Consolidated tribal government program .. 
Self governance compacts. 
New tribes 
Small and needy tribes. 
Road maintenance .. 
Tribal government program oversight. 
Subtotal 
Human Serv1ces: 
Social services. 
Welfare assistance .. 
Indian child welfare act .. 
Housing improvement program .. 
Human services tribal design. 
Human serv1ces program oversight. 
Subtotal. 
Trust Natural Resources Management: 
Natural resources. general. 
Irrigation operations and ma1ntenance. 
Rights protection implementation 
Tribal management/development program 
Endangered spec1es. 
Cooperative landscape conservation 
Integrated resource information program. 
Agriculture and range. 
Forestry 
Water resources 
Fish, wildlife and parks. 
Resource management program oversight 
Subtotal 
Trust Real Estate Services. FY 2017 
Enacted 
-100 
121 '017 
9,480 
3.544 
6,396 
7,743 
105,000 
132' 163 
253' 1 80 
27' 118 
75,429 
162,346 
160 
4,448 
30,307 
8' 377 
308' 1 85 
52,343 
74' 773 
18,946 
9,708 
254 
3' 137 
159' 161 
4,953 
12' 905 
39,661 
11 '266 
2,685 
9,956 
2,996 
30,769 
54' 155 
10,450 
15 '203 
5,993 
200,992 
123,092 FY 2018 
Request 
-100 
6,272 
2,087 
5' 182 
6,466 
20,007 
129.439 
25 '127 
72 '224 
156.634 
160 
28' 148 
8,014 
290,307 
34,987 
70,794 
14,918 
243 
3,007 
123,949 
,829 
14,009 
28,625 
9 '276 
1 '302 
2,815 
28,822 
49,013 
8,534 
12 '414 
5,823 
165,462 
112,046 Bi 11 
-100 
113,790 
9,480 
3,544 
5' 182 
6,466 
75,000 
99,672 
213,462 
28,698 
74,558 
165,069 
160 
4,448 
31 '653 
8,014 
312,600 
52,832 
74,650 
19,080 
9,708 
263 
3,007 
159,540 
4,829 
14,009 
40' 161 
9,276 
1 '302 
9,956 
2,815 
31 '096 
55,232 
10,581 
15,260 
5,823 
200,340 
126,708 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
7,227 
1 '214 
-1 '277 
-30,000 
-32,491 
-39,718 
+1 ,580 
-871 
+2,723 
+1 '346 
-363 
+4,415 
+489 -123 +134 
+9 
-130 
+379 -124 
+1 '1 04 +500 
-1 '990 
-1 '383 
-181 +327 
+1 '077 
+131 +57 
170 
-652 
+3,616 Bill vs Request 
+4,358 
+3,208 
+1 '457 
+75,000 
+79,665 
+84,023 
+3,571 
+2,334 
+8,435 +4,448 
+3,505 
+22,293 
+17,845 
+3,856 
+4 '162 
+9,708 
+20 
+35,591 
+11 '536 
+9,956 
+2,274 
+6,219 
+2,047 
+2,846 
+34,878 +14,662 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6706 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/10  EH06SE17.010lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A - DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts in thousands) 
Education: 
Elementary and secondary programs (forward funded) 
(Tr1bal grant support costs) 
Post secondary programs (forward funded). 
Subtotal, forward funded education .. 
Elementary and secondary programs. 
Post secondary programs. 
Education management. 
Subtotal, Education. 
Public Safety and Justice: 
Law enforcement 
Tnbal courts 
Fire protection. 
Subtotal .. 
Community and economic development 
Executive direction and admin1strative services 
(Amounts available until expended. account-wide). 
Total, Operation of Indian Programs. 
Contract Support Costs 
Contract support costs 
Indian self-determination fund. 
Total, Contract Support Costs. 
Construct-ion 
Education. 
Public safety and Justice. 
Resources management 
General administration. 
Total, Construction 
Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements and 
Miscellaneous Payments to Indians 
Land Settlements: 
White Earth Land Settlement Act (Admin) (P.L.99-264) 
Hoopa-Yurok Settlement Act (P.L 100-580). 
Yurek Land Acquisition (P L 100-580) 
Water Settlements: 
Pyramid Lake Water Rights Settlement (P.L.101-618) 
Navajo Water Resources Development Trust Fund 
(P .L 111-11) 
Navajo-Gallup Water Supply Project (P.L.111-11). 
Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water 
Rights Settlement Act (P.L.114-322) 
Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement (P.L. 114-322), 
Aamodt Water Rights Settlement Agreement 
(P.l.111-291) .. 
Unallocated. 
Total, Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements 
and Miscellaneous Payments to Indians. 
Indian Guaranteed Loan Program Account 
Indian guaranteed loan program account FY 2017 
Enacted 
575,155 
(80' 165) 
77,207 
652.362 
140,540 
63,561 
35,050 
891 '513 
353,556 
30,753 
1 '426 
385,735 
41 '844 
228,824 
( 49' 122) 
2,339,346 
273,000 
5,000 
278,000 
133,257 
11 '306 
36,513 
10 '941 
192.017 
45,045 
45,045 
8 ,757 FY 2018 
Request 
520,044 
(74' 371) 
72,689 
592,733 
123 '871 
45,721 
24,047 
786.372 
325,965 
21 '984 
1 '365 
349,314 
39,464 
215,592 
(35,434) 
2,082,506 
236,600 
5,000 
241 '600 
80' 187 
10,416 
40,696 
11 '963 
143,262 
624 
250 
142 
4,000 
7,783 
400 
800 
13,999 
6,692 Bill 
578,374 
(80' 168) 
84' 196 
662,570 
141 '438 
62,650 
35,254 
901 '912 
359,516 
30,618 
1 '583 
391 '717 
45,447 
223,947 
(50' 991) 
2,362,211 
236,600 
5,000 
241,600 
138,245 
11,309 
40,696 
11 '963 
202,213 
625 
250 
142 
4,011 
21 '720 
9' 192 
19,517 
55,457 
9 '272 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+3,219 
(+3) 
+6,989 
+10,208 
+898 -911 
+204 
+10,399 
+5,960 
135 +157 
+5,982 +3,603 
-4' 877 
(+1 '869) 
+22,865 
36,400 
-36,400 
+4,988 
+3 
+4' 183 
+1 '022 
+1 0' 196 
+625 
+250 
+142 
+4,011 
+21,720 
+9' 192 
+19,517 
45,045 
+10.412 
+515 Bill vs. 
Request 
+58,330 
(+5,797) 
+11 '507 
+69,837 
+17,567 +16,929 
+11 '207 
+115,540 
+33,551 
+8,634 
+218 
+42.403 
+5,983 +8,355 
(+15,557) 
+279,705 
+58,058 
+893 +58' 
951 
+1 
+11 
+13,937 
+8,792 
+18,717 
+41 ,458 
+2,580 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6707 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/11  EH06SE17.011lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A-DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Administrative Provisions 
Rescission. 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND INDIAN 
EDUCATION. 
DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES 
Office of the Secretary 
Leadership and administration .. 
Management services 
Off1ce of Natural Resources Revenue. 
Total, Office of the Secretary. 
Insular Affairs 
Assistance to Territories 
Territorial Ass1stance 
Office of Insular Affairs. 
Technical assistance. 
Maintenance assistance fund. 
Brown tree snake 
Coral reef initiative .. 
Empowering Insular Communities .. 
Compact impact. 
Subtotal, Territorial Assistance. 
American Samoa operations grants. 
Northern Marianas covenant grants. 
Total. Assistance to Territories. 
(discretionary). 
(mandatory) 
Compact of Free Association 
Compact of Free Association 
Enewetak support Federal services. 
Subtotal, Compact of Free Association. 
Compact payments, Palau (Title I, General Provision), 
Total Compact of Free Association 
Total, Insular Affairs .. 
(discretionary). 
(mandatory). 
Office of the Solicitor 
Legal serv1ces .. 
General administration. 
Ethics. 
Total, Office of the Solicitor FY 2017 
Enacted 
2,859,765 
124' 112 
20,475 
126,487 
--~ -- ~ ~ ¥ 
271 '074 
9,448 
16,784 
4,000 
3,500 
1 '250 
3,471 
3,000 
41 '453 
22,752 27,720 
91 '925 
(64,205) 
(27,720) 
2,818 
500 
-------------
3,318 
13' 147 
---------
16,465 
-------------
108,390 
(80,670) 
(27.720) 
59,091 
4,940 
1 ,738 
-------------
65,769 FY 2018 
Request 
2,488,059 
105,405 
18,535 
-------------
123,940 
9,430 
14,671 
1 '023 
2,837 
946 2 '811 
31 '718 
21 '529 
27 '7 20 
80 ,967 
(53 ,247) 
(27 ,720) 
2,813 
473 
--~ -----
3,286 
-------------
3,286 
-------------
84,253 
(56,533) 
(27,720) 
58,951 
4,982 
1 '742 
-----------~ -
65,675 Bill vs. Bi 11 vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 
+3,400 
2 '870 ,753 +10,988 +382,694 
105,405 -18' 707 
17' 535 -2,940 -1 '000 
-126,487 
--~ ---------- ~ -------------------------
122,940 -148' 134 -1 '000 
9,430 -18 
16,356 -428 +1 ,685 
3,898 -102 +2,875 
3,000 -500 +163 1 
'218 -32 +272 
3.382 -89 +571 
2,924 -76 +2,924 
~ -- ~ -~ ~ . ---
40,208 -1 '245 +8,490 
23,002 +250 +1 '473 
27,720 
90,930 -995 +9,963 
(63,210) ( -995) (+9,963) 
(27,720) 
2,813 -5 
487 -13 +14 
------------- ------------- -------------
3,300 -18 +14 
13' 147 
----------- ------------- -------------
3,300 -13' 165 +14 
------------- ------------- -------------
94.230 -14' 160 +9' 977 
(66,510) ( 14' 160) (+9,977) 
(27,720) 
58' 951 -140 
4,982 +42 1 
'742 +4 
---------- ------~ -------------------
65,575 -94 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6708 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/12  EH06SE17.012lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Inspector General Audit and 
investigat1ons 
Administrative services and information management 
Total, Office of Inspector General. 
Office of Special Trustee for American Indians 
Federal Trust Programs Program 
operations, support, and improvements. 
(Off1ce of Historical Accounting) 
Executive direction. 
Total, Office of Special Trustee for American 
Indians 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES. 
(Discretionary). 
(Mandatory) 
DEPARTMENT-WIDE PROGRAMS 
Wildland Fire Management 
Fire Operations: 
Preparedness. 
Fire suppression. 
Subtotal, Fire operations 
Other Operations 
Fuels Management Burned 
area rehabilitation. 
Fire facilities 
Joint fire science. 
Subtotal, Other operations, 
Total, Wildland fire management,. 
FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Account 
FLAME wildfire suppression reserve account (emergency) 
Total, all wildland fire accounts. 
Appropriations. 
Emergency appropriations. 
Central Hazardous Materials Fund 
Central hazardous materials fund. 
Natural Resource Damage Assessment Fund 
Damage assessments. 
Program management 
Restoration support. 
Oil Spill Preparedness. 
Total, Natural Resource Damage Assessment Fund. 
Working Capital Fund FY 2017 
Enacted 
37,538 
12,509 
-------·-- -
50,047 
136,998 
(18,688) 
2 '031 
139,029 
634,309 
(606,589) 
(27,720) 
332,784 
395,000 
----------•w 
727,784 
180,000 
20,470 
8,427 
5,990 
---------
214,887 
-----------
942,671 
65,000 
1,007,671 
(942,671) 
(65,000) 
10,010 
2,000 
2' 192 
2,575 
1 '000 -----------
7,767 
67' 100 FY 2018 
Request 
37,467 
12,485 
_* _________ 
49,952 
119,400 
(18,990) 
119,400 
443,220 
(415,500) 
(27,720) 
322,179 
389,406 
•-••••••••V 
711 '585 
149,466 
9,467 
3,000 
~----~ ----
161 '933 
------------
873,518 
873,518 
(873,518) 
2,000 
1 '500 
1 '000 
1 '900 
200 
4,600 
59,472 Bill 
37,467 
12,485 
-----------w-
49,952 
119,400 
(18,990) 
119,400 
452,197 
(424,477) 
(27,720) 
332,784 389,406 
------- - ~ 
722,190 
182,500 
19,948 
8,212 
3,000 
-------------
213,660 -------------
935,850 
935,850 
(935,850) 
10,010 
1 '949 
2' 152 
2,527 
940 
----------
7,568 
65,388 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-71 
-24 
-----------
-95 
-17,598 
(+302) 
-2,031 
-19,629 
182' 112 
( -182' 112) 
-5,594 -5,594 
+2,500 
-522 
-215 
-2,990 
---------
-1 '227 -------------
-6,821 
·65,000 ---------
-71 '821 ( 
-6' 821) 
(-65,000) 
-51 
-40 
-48 
-60 
------------
-199 
-1 '712 Bil1 VS. 
Request 
--------
+8' 977 
(+8,977) 
+10,605 
-w -.. -~ ~ ~ 
+10,605 
+33,034 
+10,481 
+8,212 
---------
+51' 727 -------------
+62,332 
+62,332 
(+62,332) 
+8,010 
+449 
+1 '152 
+627 
+740 
-------------
+2,968 +5,916 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6709 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/13  EH06SE17.013lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Natural Resources Revenue 
Natural Resources Revenue 
Payment in Lieu of Taxes 
Payments to local governments in lieu of taxes .. 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT-WIDE PROGRAMS .. 
Appropriations. 
Emergency appropriations. 
TOTAL, TITLE I, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR .. 
Appropriations 
Rescissions 
Rescissions of contract authority. 
Emergency appropriations. 
(Mandatory). 
(Discretionary). 
TITLE II -ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Science and Technology 
Clean Air. 
(GHG reporting program). 
Enforcement. 
Homeland security 
Indoor a1r and Radiation. 
IT I Data management I Security 
Operations and administration. 
Pestic1de licensing. 
Research. Air and energy 
Research. Chemical safety and sustainability. 
(Research Computational toxicology). 
(Research· Endocrine disrupter). 
Research National priorities. 
Research. Safe and sustainable water resources .. 
Research Sustainable and healthy communities. 
Water. Human health protection. 
Subtotal. Science and Technology. 
Rescission .. 
Total, Science and Technology 
(by transfer from Superfund). 
Environmental Programs and Management 
Brownfields. 
Clean air 
(GHG report1ng program). 
Compliance 
Enforcement. 
(Environmental justice). 
Environmental protection National priorities. FY 2017 
Enacted 
465,000 
:::::;;:;:::;:;:;;:;:;::;:::::::::;:::::: 
1,557,548 
(1,492,548) 
(65,000) 
============= 
12,251,927 
(12,243,327) 
( 28,400) 
( 28,000) 
(65,000) 
(61 ,720) 
(12, 190,207) 
============= 
116,541 
( 8 '018) 
13 .669 
33 '122 
5 ,997 
3,089 
68,339 
6,027 
91 '906 
126,930 
(21 '409) 
( 16 '253) 
4' 100 
106.257 
134,327 
3,519 
-------------
713,823 
-7,350 
706,473 
( 15 '496) 
25,593 
273' 108 
(95,436) 
101 '665 
240,637 
( 6 '737) 
1 2 ,700 FY 2018 
Request 
137,757 
396,880 
::;;::::::;::;::;::::;::;::::;;:::::::;:: 
1,474,227 
(1,474,227) 
============= 
10,615 ,927 
(10,643 ,947) 
(-28,020) 
(61 ,720) 
(10,554,207) 
============= 
85,708 
10,444 
23,097 
3,339 
2,725 
79,334 
4,996 
30,592 
84' 189 ( 
17' 165) 
( 10' 122) 
68,520 
54,211 
3,657 
-------------
450 ,812 
450,812 
(12,435) 
16,082 
143, 167 ( 
13 ,580) 
86,431 
194 ,307 Bill VS. Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 
137,757 +137,757 
465,000 +68' 120 
::;:;:::;:::;:;::::::::;::;::::::::::::: :;:;::;::;::;::;::;::;::;::;:;::;;:: ============= 
1,621,573 +64,025 +147,346 
(1,621,573) (+129,025) (+147,346) 
(-65,000) 
============::: ============= ============= 
11,949,190 -302,737 +1 ,333,263 
(12,028,051) (·215,276) (+1 ,384,104) 
(-50' 841) ( 22' 441) (-50' 841) 
( 28,020) ( 20) 
(-65,000) 
(61 '720) 
(11,887,470) (-302,737) ( +1 '333' 263) 
============= ==::::========== ======::;::====== 
99,060 -17,481 +13,352 
(6 '815) ( -1 '203) (+6,815) 
11 ,619 -2,050 +1 '175 
28, 154 -4,968 +5,057 
5, 097 -900 +1 '758 
2,725 -364 
79,334 +10,995 
5' 123 904 +127 
78' 120 13, 786 +47,528 
107,891 -19, 039 +23,702 
(21 '409) (+4,244) 
(16,253) (+6' 131) 
4' 100 +4' 100 
90,318 15,939 +21 ,798 
114' 178 -20' 149 +59,967 
3,519 -138 
------------- ------------- -------------
629,238 -84,585 +178,426 
-27,000 -19,650 -27,000 ... ---- -~ ----~-
602,238 -104,235 +151,426 
(15,496) (+3' 061) 
25,500 -93 +9,418 
227,142 -45,966 +83,975 
(81 ,120) ( -14' 316) (+67,540) 
96,665 -5,000 +10,234 
204,541 36,096 +10,234 
(5.726) ( -1 '011) ( +5 ,726) 
12 ,700 +12 ,700 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6710 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/14  EH06SE17.014lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Geographic programs: 
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. 
Chesapeake Bay 
San Franciso Bay. 
Puget Sound 
Long Island Sound. 
Gulf of Mexico. 
South Florida. 
Lake Champlain. 
Lake Pontchartrain .. 
Southern New England Estuaries .. 
Other geographic activities. 
Subtotal. 
Homeland security. 
Indoor air and radiation 
Information exchange I Outreach. 
(Children and other sensitive populations 
Agency coordination). 
(Env1ronmental education). 
International programs 
IT I Data management I Security. 
Legal/science/regulatory/economic review. 
Operations and administration 
Pesticide licensing 
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA). 
Taxies risk review and prevention. 
(Endocr1ne disrupters). 
Underground storage tanks (LUST I UST). 
Water· Ecosystems: 
National estuary program I Coastal waterways. 
Wetlands 
Subtota 1 
Water· Human health protection. 
Water quality protection. 
General reduction. 
Subtotal, Environmental Programs and Management. 
Rescission. 
Total. Environmental Programs and Management 
Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest System Fund E 
Manifest System Fund 
Offsetting Collect1ons. 
Total. Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest 
System Fund 
Office of Inspector General 
Audits, evaluat1ons, and investigations .. 
(by transfer from Superfund). FY 2017 
Enacted 
300,000 
73,000 
4,819 
28,000 
8,000 
8,542 
1 '704 
4,399 
948 
5, 000 
1 ,445 
------- - ---~ ~ 
435,857 
10' 195 
27,637 
126,538 
(6,548) 
(8 ,702) 
15,400 
90,536 
111 '414 
480,751 
102,363 104,877 
92' 521 
(7' 553) 
11 ,295 
26,723 
21 '065 
4 7 .788 
98,507 
210,417 
2,619,799 
-21 '800 
- - ------ ---~-
2,597,999 
3' 178 
-------------
3' 178 
41 '489 
( 8 '778) FY 2018 
Request 
--~ --~ -. -----
8,498 
2,257 
83, 295 
(2' 018) 
4,051 
82,066 
98,446 
496,483 
85,526 
73,093 
65,036 
5 ,612 
18' 115 
18' 115 
80,044 
174,975 
-~ ~ --~ W••• 
1,717,484 
-------------
1.717,484 
3,674 
-3,674 
37,475 
(3,900) Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
300, 000 +300,000 
60 ,000 -13,000 +60,000 
-4,819 
28,000 +28,000 
8,000 +8,000 
6,000 -2,542 +6,000 
-1 '704 
-4,399 
-948 
·5,000 
·1 '445 ------------- ------------- -------------
402,000 -33,857 +402,000 
8,667 -1 '528 +169 
25,637 ·2,000 +23,380 
107,557 -18' 981 +24,262 
(5,566) ( -982) (+3 ,548) 
( -8' 702) 
4,051 -11 '349 
82,066 -8,470 
98,446 -12,968 
496,483 +15,732 
100,012 -2,351 +14 '486 
100,877 -4,000 +27,784 
92,521 +27,485 
(7,553) (+7,553) 
9,601 -1 '694 +3,989 
26,723 +26,723 
21 '065 +2,950 
~~~~--~~-~~~- ~~w•~~~~~-~~- .. -~ -~ -
47,788 +29,673 
83,731 -14' 776 +3,687 
178,855 -31 '562 +3,880 
-6,000 -6,000 -6,000 
-------------------------- -------------
2,398,840 -220,959 +681 ,356 
-41 '000 -19,200 -41 '000 
------------- ------------- -------------
2,357,840 -240,159 +640,356 
3,674 +496 
-3,674 -3,674 
------------- ------------- -------------
-3' 178 
40,000 -1 '489 +2,525 
(7' 778) ( -1 '000) (+3,878) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6711 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/15  EH06SE17.015lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Buildings and Facilities 
Homeland security Protection of EPA personnel 
and infrastructure 
Operations and administration. 
Total, Buildings and Facilities. 
Hazardous Substance Superfund 
Audits, evaluations, and investigations .. 
Compliance 
Enforcement 
Homeland security .. 
Indoor air and radiation. 
Information exchange I Outreach. 
IT /data management/security 
Legal /science/regulatory/economic review 
Operations and administration 
Research. Chemical safety and sustainability .. 
Research: Sustainable communities. 
Superfund cleanup. 
Superfund· Emergency response and removal .. 
Superfund Emergency preparedness. 
Superfund: Federal facilities 
Superfund: Remedial. 
Subtotal. 
Total, Hazardous Substance Superfund. 
(transfer out to Inspector General). 
(transfer out to Science and Technology),. 
Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund (LUST) 
Enforcement. 
Operations and administration 
Research· Sustainable communities. 
Underground storage tanks (LUST 
(LUST lUST). 
(LUST cooperative agreements) 
(Energy Policy Act grants). UST). 
Total, Leaking Underground Storage Tank 
Trust Fund. 
Compliance. 
Enforcement 
Oil. Inland Oil Spill Program 
Operations and administration. 
Research· Sustainable communities .. 
Total Inland Oil Spi 11 Program 
State and Tribal Assistance Grants (STAG) 
Alaska Native villages. 
Brownfields projects. 
Clean water state revolving fund (SRF). 
Diesel emissions grants .. 
Drinking water state revolving fund (SRF) 
Mexico border. 
Targeted airshed grants. 
Water quality monitoring (P.L 114 322). 
Subtotal, Infrastructure assistance grants FY zo·t 7 
Enacted 
6,676 
27,791 
34,467 
8,778 
995 
166,375 
32,616 
1 '985 
1 '328 
14.485 
1 '253 
128' 105 
2,824 
11 '463 
181 '305 
7,636 
21 '125 
508,495 
718,562 
1,088,769 
(. 8' 778) 
( -15 '496) 
620 
,352 
320 
89,649 
(9,240) 
(55,040) 
(25,369) 
91 '941 
139 
2,413 
14 '409 
584 
664 
18,209 
20,000 
80,000 
1,393,887 
60.000 
863,233 
10,000 
30,000 
4,000 
2,461 '120 FY 2018 
Request 
6' 176 
33' 377 
39,553 
3,900 
605 
99,287 
16,999 
838 
11 '399 
349 
101 '942 
5,305 
5,655 
147,212 
7,216 
19,553 
341,803 
515,784 
762,063 
( -3' 900) 
( -12' 435) 559 1 
'346 
320 
45,204 
(6,364) 
(38,840) 
47,429 
124 
2,266 
12' 144 
680 
503 
15' 717 
69,000 
1,393,887 
10,000 
863.233 
2,336,120 Bill 
6' 176 
33,377 
39,553 
7,778 
995 
154,375 
30,616 
1 '985 
1 '328 
14' 485 
1 '253 
123' 105 
5,305 
8,982 
181 '306 
7,636 
21 '125 
556,100 
766,167 
1 '116' 374 
(. 7' 778) 
( -15' 496) 
559 
1 '346 
320 
89,649 
(9,240) 
(55,040) 
(25,369) 
91,874 
124 
2,266 
14,409 
584 664 
18,047 
10' 000 
90,000 
1 '143.887 
75,000 
863,233 
40,000 
2,222,120 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-500 
+5,586 
+5,086 
-1 '000 
-12,000 
2,000 
-5,000 
+2,481 
2,481 
+47,605 
+47,605 
+27,605 
(+1 '000) 
-61 
-6 
-67 
-15 
-147 
162 
-10' 000 
+10,000 
·250,000 
+15,000 
-10,000 
+10,000 
4,000 
-239,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
+3,878 
+390 
+55,088 
+13 ,617 
+1 ,985 
+490 
+3,086 
+904 
+21 '163 
+3,327 
+34,094 
+420 
+1 '572 
+214.297 +250,383 
+354,311 
(-3,878) 
( -3 '061) 
+44,445 
(+2,876) 
(+16,200) 
(+25,369) 
+44,445 
+2,265 
-96 
+161 
+2,330 
+10,000 
+21 '000 
250,000 
+65,000 
+40,000 
114,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6712 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/16  EH06SE17.016lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A - DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Categor1cal grants. 
Beaches protection. 
Brownf1elds. 
Env1ronmental information. 
Hazardous waste financial assistance. 
Lead. 
Nonpoint source (Sec 319). 
Pesticides enforcement. 
Pesticides program implementation 
Pollution control (Sec. 106) (Water quality monitoring) 
Pollution prevention 
Public water system supervis1on 
Radon. 
State and local air quality management. 
Taxies substances compl1ance. 
Tribal air quality management. 
Tribal general assistance program 
Underground lnJection control (UIC). 
Underground storage tanks. 
Wetlands program development 
Subtotal, Categorical grants 
Total. State and Tribal Assistance Grants., 
Water Infrastructure F1nance and Innovation Program 
Admin1strative Expenses 
Direct Loan Subsidy 
Total, Water Infrastructure Finance and 
Innovation Program 
Administrative Provisions 
Rescission. 
TOTAL, TITLE II, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Appropriations 
Rescissions. 
(By transfer). 
(Transfer out) 
TITLE III -RELATED AGENCIES 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
FOREST SERVICE 
Under Secretary for Natural Resources and the 
Environment 
Forest and Rangeland Research 
Forest 1nventory and analysis. 
Research and development programs 
Total, Forest and rangeland research .. 
State and Private Forestry 
Landscape scale restoration. FY 2017 
Enacted 
9,549 
47,745 
9.646 
99,693 
14,049 
170,915 
18,050 
12.701 
230,806 
(17.848) 
4, 765 
101 '963 
8' 051 
228,219 
4.919 
12.829 
65,476 
10,506 
1 '498 
14,661 
-------------
1,066,041 
3,527.161 
2,000 
8.000 -------------
10,000 
-61 '198 
;::::::::::=====:::::;:::;:;;; 
8,058,488 
(8,148,836) 
(-90,348) 
(24,274) 
(-24,274) 
-======::::::::::::;;:;:;:::;;::::: 
77,000 
211 . 514 
288,514 
14,000 FY 2018 
Request 
33 ,358 6 
,739 
69 .652 
11 '050 
8,874 
161 '257 
(12.470) 
71 '238 
159,450 
3,437 
8.963 
45,746 
7,340 
10,243 
-------------
597,347 
2,933,467 
3,000 
17 ,000 
-------- ----
20,000 
-369,000 
============= 
5,655,000 
(6,024,000) 
(-369.000) 
( 16 '335) 
(-16,335) 
============= 
77 '000 
182,000 
259,000 Bi 11 VS. Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 
9,549 +9,549 
47,745 +14,387 
9,646 +2.907 
99,693 +30,041 
14,049 +14.049 
170,915 +170,915 
18,050 +7,000 12,701 
+3,827 
230,806 +69,549 
(17,848) (+5,378) 
4,765 +4,765 
101 '963 +30,725 
8,051 +8,051 
228,219 +68,769 
4.919 +1 '482 
12,829 +3,866 
65,476 +19,730 
10,506 +3' 166 1 
'498 +1 '498 
14' 661 +4,418 
------------- ------------- -------------
1,066,041 +468,694 -------- --·-------------- --
3.288,161 -239,000 +354,694 
5,000 +3,000 +2,000 
25,000 +17,000 +8,000 ------- ------ ~ ---------------
30,000 +20,000 +10,000 
-60,000 +1 '198 +309,000 
======::====== ============= ========::==== 
7,524,087 -534,401 +1 ,869,087 
(7' 652' 087) (-496,749) ( +1 '628 '087) 
(-128,000) (-37,652) (+241 .000) 
(23,274) ( -1 '000) (+6,939) 
(-23,274) (+1 '000) ( -6' 939) 
========::::::::::;;:;;:::::: ;::::;:::::;;:::::::::=::::::::::::::::::::::::: ===~==-======= 
875 +875 +875 
75,037 -1 '963 -1 '963 
203,331 -8' 183 +21. 331 
278,368 -10.146 +19,368 
13,643 -357 +13,643 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6713 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/17  EH06SE17.017lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Forest Health Management 
Federal lands forest health management .. 
Cooperative lands forest health management. 
Subtotal 
Cooperative Forestry. 
Forest stewardship .. 
Forest legacy 
Resc1ssion. 
Community forest and open space conservation. 
Urban and community forestry. 
Subtotal. Cooperative Forestry. 
International forestry. 
Total, State and Private Forestry. 
National Forest System Land management 
planning, assessment and monitoring 
Recreation, heritage and wilderness 
Grazing management. 
Hazar·dous Fuels. 
Forest products. 
Vegetation and watershed management. 
Wlldlife and fish habitat management. 
Collaborat1ve Forest Landscape Restoration Fund 
Minerals and geology management 
Landownership management 
Law enforcement operations. 
Total, National Forest System. 
Facilities 
Roads. 
Trails .. Capital Improvement and Maintenance 
Legacy road and trail remediation. 
Subtotal. Capital improvement and maintenance. 
Deferral of road and trail fund payment. 
Total Capital improvement and maintenance 
Land Acquisition 
Acquisitions 
Acquisition Management. 
Cash Equalization. 
Recreational Access .. 
Critical lnholdings/Wilderness. 
Total, Land Acquisition. 
Acquisition of land for national forests, special acts 
Acquisition of lands to complete land exchanges 
Range betterment fund .. 
G1fts. donations and bequests for forest and rangeland 
research 
Management of national forest lands for subsistence 
uses FY 2017 
Enacted 
55,500 
39,000 
94,500 
20,036 
62.347 
-12 '002 
2,000 
28,040 
100' 421 
8,000 
216 '921 
182.928 
264,595 
56,856 
367,805 
184,716 
140,466 
40,000 
75,569 
73,730 
126,653 
,513,318 
71 ,390 
175,094 
77 '530 
40,000 
364,014 
-16,000 
348,014 
39,413 
7,552 
750 
4,700 
2.000 
54,415 
950 
216 
2,320 
45 
2,500 FY 2018 
Request 
54,205 
36' 185 
90,390 
20,500 
20,500 
7' 120 
118,010 
165,000 
252,880 
50,600 
354,288 
359' 121 
174,400 
125,000 
68,000 
69,000 
129' 153 
1,747,442 
11 .750 
75,243 
12.700 
99,693 
·15.000 
84.693 
7,000 7,000 
850 
192 
2,065 
45 
2.225 Bill 
54,084 
38,000 
92,084 
19,525 
36' 184 1 
'950 
27,324 
84,983 
8,000 
198.710 178,263 
257,848 
56,856 
392.500 370,305 
180,000 
136.430 
38,980 
73 '642 
71 '850 
129' 153 
1.885,827 
69,570 
170,630 
75.553 
38,980 
354,733 
-15,000 
339,733 
12,000 
7,000 
4,000 
2,000 
25,000 
850 
192 
2,065 
45 
2,225 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-1 '416 
1,000 
-2,416 
-511 
-26' 163 
+12,002 
-50 
-716 
·15,438 
18,211 
-4,665 
-6,747 
+392,500 
+2,500 
-4,716 
-4,036 
-1 '020 
-1 '927 
-1 '880 
+2,500 
+372,509 
-1,820 
-4,464 
-1 '977 
-1 '020 
-9,281 
+1 ,000 
-8.281 
-27,413 
-552 
750 
-700 
-29,415 
-100 
-24 
255 
-275 Bill vs. 
Request 
-121 
+1 '815 
+1 ,694 
-975 
+36' 184 
+1 ,950 
+27,324 +64,483 
+880 
+80,700 
+13,263 
+4,968 +6,256 
+38,212 
+11 '184 
+5,600 
+11 '430 
+38,980 
+5,642 
+2,850 
+138,385 
+57,820 
+95,387 
+62,853 
+38,980 
+255,040 +255,040 
+12,000 
+4,000 
+2,000 
+18.000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6714 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/18  EH06SE17.018lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Wildland Fire Management 
Fire operations 
Wildland fire preparedness. 
Wildland fire suppression operations 
Subtotal, Fire operations. 
Other operat1ons: 
Hazardous fuels. 
(Hazardous Fuels Base Program). 
(Biomass Grants). 
Fire plan research and development .. 
Joint fire sciences program 
State fire assistance 
Volunteer fire assistance 
Subtotal, Other operations. 
Subtotal, Wildland Fire Management. 
FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Account 
FLAME wildfire suppress1on reserve account (emergency) 
Total, all wildland fire accounts 
Appropriations. 
Emergency appropriations 
Total, Forest Service without Wildland Fire 
Management. 
Administrative Provisions 
Rescission 
TOTAL, FOREST SERVICE .. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
Emergency appropriations. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE 
Indian Health Services 
Clinical Services. 
Hospital and health clinics. 
Dental health 
Mental health 
Alcohol and substance abuse. 
Purchased/referred care 
Indian Health Care Improvement Fund .. 
Subtotal 
Preventive Health: 
Public health nursing 
Health education 
Commun1ty health representatives 
Immunization (Alaska). 
Subtotal FY 2017 
Enacted 
1,082,620 
1,248,000 
2,330,620 
390,000 
(375,000) 
(15,000) 
19,795 
78,000 
15,000 
502.795 
2,833,415 
342,000 
3,175,415 
(2,833,415) 
(342,000) 
2,427,213 
-6,315 
5,596,313 
(5,272,630) 
( -18 '317) 
(342,000) 
'935' 178 
182,597 
94,080 
218,353 
928,830 
~ ~ -----------
3,359,038 
78,701 
18,663 
60,325 
2 '041 -------------
159,730 FY 2018 
Request 
1 '339 '620 
1 '056 '818 
2,396,438 
17,600 
69,400 
11 '600 
98,600 
2,495,038 
2,495,038 
(2,495,038) 
2.221,522 
4,716,560 
(4,716,560) 
1,870,405 
179' 751 
82,654 
205.593 
914 '139 
~ . --- --- - ----
3,252,542 
77' 498 
18,313 
58,906 
1 '950 -------------
156,667 Bi 11 
1,339,620 
1,056,818 
2,396,438 
19,290 
76,011 
14,618 
109,919 
2,506,357 
2,506,357 
(2.506,357) 
2,733 '890 
5,240,247 
(5' 240' 247) 
1 ,966, 714 
185,920 
95,450 
220,280 
928,830 
130,000 
-------------
3,527,194 
80,372 
18,896 
60,825 
2,058 
-------------
162' 151 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+257,000 
191 '182 
+65,818 
-390,000 
(-375,000) 
(-15,000) 
-505 
-1 '989 
-382 
-392,876 -327,058 
-342,000 
-669,058 
(-327,058) (-342,000) 
+306' 677 
+6,315 
356,066 
(-32,383) 
( +18' 317) 
(-342,000) 
+31 '536 
+3,323 
+1 '370 
+1 '927 
+130,000 
-------------
+168, 156 
+1 '671 +233 
+500 
+17 
-------------
+2,421 Bi 11 vs 
Request 
+1 '690 
+6,611 
+3,018 
+11 '319 
+11 '319 
+11 '319 
(+11 '319) 
+512,368 
+523,687 
(+523,687) 
+96,309 
+6' 169 
+12,796 
+14,687 
+14,691 
+130,000 
-------------
+274,652 
+2,874 
+583 
+1 '919 
+108 
-------------
+5,484 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6715 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/19  EH06SE17.019lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Other services· 
Urban Indian health 
Indian health professions .. 
Tribal management grant program. 
Direct operations 
Self-governance 
Subtotal 
Total, Indian Health Services. 
Contract Support Costs 
Contract support 
Indian Health Facilities 
Maintenance and 1mprovement. 
Sanitation facil1ties construction. 
Health care facilities construct1on .. 
Facilities and environmental health support 
Equipment. 
Total. Indian Health Facilities 
TOTAL, INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .. 
AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY 
Toxic substances and environmental public health. 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
OTHER RELATED AGENCIES 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 
Council on Env1ronmental Quality and Office of 
Environmental Quality 
CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD 
Salaries and expenses. 
Rescission of no-year funds (P.L. 108-199, P.L. 
108-447) 
OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPI INDIAN RELOCATION 
Salaries and expenses. 
INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE CULTURE 
AND ARTS DEVELOPMENT 
Payment to the Institute. FY 2017 
Enacted 
47,678 49,345 
2,465 
70,420 
5,786 
-------------
175,694 
----------
3,694,462 
800,000 
7 5 ,7 45 
101 '772 
117' 991 
226,950 
22,966 
-------------
545,424 
::;;:;;::;::.;::;;;:;;;;;;:::;:;;:;;;;;;::;;: 
5,039,886 
===:::========= 
77,349 
74,691 
============= 
5' 191 '926 
3,000 
11 '000 
15' 431 
15,212 FY 2018 
Request 
44,741 
43,342 
72,338 
4 '735 ------- ~ -
165' 156 ------------
3,574,365 
717,970 
60,000 
75,423 
100,000 192,022 
19' 511 
-------------
446,956 
;;;;:;::;::;:::::;;::;;:;:::::;;::;::::::;:;;:; 
4,739,291 
======:=:;::;::;:;::;::;:;:::::: 
59,607 
62,000 
============= 
4,860,898 
2,994 
9,420 
-844 
14,970 
11 '596 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
47,943 +265 
49,363 +18 
2,465 
72,338 +1 '918 
5,806 +20 
------------- --~ ----~ -
177' 915 +2,221 
------------- ~ ~ ---------
3,867,260 +172,798 
717,970 -82,030 
77,502 +1 '757 
101 '772 
117' 991 
231 ,412 +4,462 
22,966 
------------- -------------
551 ,643 +6,219 
============= ::;::;:;:;:::;::;::;:;:;;:;:;;;;::;:;:;:;;:;:;; 
5,136,873 +96,987 
===:::========= ============= 
75,370 -1 '979 
72,780 -1 '911 
===::::========= ============= 
5,285,023 +93,097 
2,994 -6 
11 '000 
15,431 
9,835 -5,377 Bill vs Request 
+3,202 
+6,021 
+2,465 
+1 '071 
-------------
+12,759 
-------------
+292,895 
+17' 502 
+26,349 
+17,991 
+39,390 
+3,455 
-------------
+104,687 
============= 
+397,582 
======::;====== 
+15,763 
+10,780 
========::;==== 
+424, 125 
+1 '580 
+844 +461 
-1.761 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6716 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/20  EH06SE17.020lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
Salaries and Expenses 
Museum and Research Institutes: 
National Air and Space Museum. 
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory. 
Major scientific instrumentation. 
Uni ver·se Center 
National Museum of Natural History 
National Zoological Park. 
Smithsonian Environmental Research Center.,. 
Smithson1an Tropical Research Institute 
Biodiversity Center. 
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery/Freer Gallery of Art .. 
Center for Folkl ife and Cultural Her·itage. 
Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum. 
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden. 
National Museum of African Art. 
World Cultures Center. 
Anacostia Community Museum. 
Archives of American Art Nat1onal 
Museum of African American History and 
Culture 
National Museum of American History., 
National Museum of the American Indian. 
National Portrait Gallery. 
Smithsonian American Art Museum 
American Experience Center. 
Subtotal, Museums and Research Institutes. 
Mission enabling 
Program support and outreach: 
Outreach 
Communications. 
Institution-wide programs. 
Office of Exhibits Central,. 
Museum Support Center 
Museum Conservation Institute. 
Smithsonian Institution Archives. 
Smithsonian Institution Libraries. 
Subtotal , Program support and outreach 
Office of Chief Information Officer. 
Administrat1on. 
Inspector General FY 2017 
Enacted 
19,853 
24,393 
4' 118 
184 
49,205 
27,252 
4,171 
14,344 
1 '530 
6' 197 
3,039 
5,005 
4 '627 
4,576 
792 
2,329 
1 '909 
41 '564 
26,036 
32.341 
6,460 
10' 115 
596 
290,636 
9,214 
2,632 
14.784 
3,057 
1 '890 
3,320 
2,316 
11,146 
48,359 
51' 371 
35,756 
3,499 FY 2018 
Request 
19,693 
24,450 
4,118 
184 
49,407 
26,864 
4' 193 
14,386 
1 '543 
6,228 
3' 178 
4,897 
4,344 
4,554 
284 
2,336 
1 '916 
32,987 
24,902 
32,235 
6,382 
9,958 
601 
279,640 
9,284 
2,644 
13,284 
3' 143 
1 '891 
3,337 
2,406 
11,150 
47' 139 
52,546 
35,545 
3,512 Bill 
19,693 
24,393 
4' 118 184 
49,205 
27,252 
4' 171 
14,344 
1 '530 
6' 197 
3,039 
4,897 
4,344 
4,554 
284 
2,329 
1 '909 
32,987 
24,902 
32,235 
6,382 
9,958 
596 
279,503 
9,214 
2,632 
13,284 
3,057 
1 '890 
3,320 
2,316 
11,146 
46,859 
51' 371 
35,545 
3,499 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-160 
-108 
-283 
-22 
-508 
-8' 577 
-1 '134 
-106 
-78 
-157 
-11 '133 
-1 '500 
1 '500 
-211 Bill vs. 
Request 
-57 
-202 
+388 
-22 
-42 
-13 
-31 
-139 
-7 
-7 
-5 
137 
-70 
-12 
-86 
-1 
-17 
-90 
-4 
-280 
-1,175 
-13 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6717 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/21  EH06SE17.021lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Facilities services: 
Facilities maintenance .. 
Facilities operations, security and support. 
Subtotal, Facilities services. 
Subtotal, M•ssion enabling 
Total, Salaries and expenses. 
Fac1l ities Capital 
Revitalization. 
Facilities planning and design. 
Construct1on 
Total. Facilities Capital 
TOTAL, SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. 
NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
Salaries and Expenses 
Care and utilization of art collections 
Operat1on and maintenance of buildings and grounds. 
Protection of buildings, grounds and contents. 
General administration 
Total, Salaries and Expenses. 
Repair, Restoration and Renovation of Buildings 
Base pcogr·am. 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
Operat1ons and maintenance. 
Capital cepair and restoration. 
TOTAL. JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING 
ARTS. 
WOODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR SCHOLARS 
Salar1es and expenses 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES 
National Endowment for the Arts 
Grants and Administration 
Grants: 
Direct grants 
Challenge America grants 
Subtotal. FY 2017 
Enacted 
76,327 
223,496 299,823 
438,808 
729,444 
73,603 
20,300 
40,000 
133,903 
863,347 
44' 778 
34,554 
23,495 
30' 134 
--~ - - - - - - - ---
132,961 
22,564 
155,525 
22,260 
14' 140 FY 2018 
Request 
76,568 
224,050 
300.618 
439,360 
719,000 
191 '000 
27,000 
10,000 
228,000 
947,000 
43,593 
34,042 
22,793 29,572 
-------------
130,000 
17 '000 
============= 
147,000 
23 ,7 40 
13 '000 Bill 
76' 327 
223,496 
299,823 
437,097 
716,600 
138,200 
20,300 
10,000 
168,500 
885,100 
44' 778 
34,554 
23.495 
30' 134 
~ ~ --------- - -
132' 961 
22,564 
155,525 
23,740 
13,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-1 '711 
12,844 
+64,597 
-30,000 
+34,597 
+21 '753 
-------------
============= 
+1 ,480 
-1,140 Bill vs. 
Request 
-241 -554 -795 
-2,263 
-2,400 
-52,800 
-6,700 
-59,500 
-61 '900 
+1 '185 
+512 +702 +562 
-------------
+2,961 
+5,564 
+8,525 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
36,400 
10,500 
63,906 
7,600 
71 '506 36,740 
7,474 36,740 
10,000 
62,000 
7,400 
69,400 +340 
·500 
-1 '906 
-200 
-2' 106 +2,526 
+62,000 
+7,400 
+69,400 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6718 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/22  EH06SE17.022lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
State partnerships. 
State and regional .. 
Underserved set-aside. 
Subtotal 
Subtotal, Grants 
Program support .. 
Administrat1on 
Total . Arts 
National Endowment for the Humanities 
Grants and Administration 
Grants· 
Special Initiative. The Common Good. 
Federal/State partnership 
Preservation and access .. 
Public programs. Research programs 
Education programs. Program development 
Digital humanities initiatives 
Subtotal. Grants 
Matching Grants 
Treasury funds .. 
Challenge grants. 
Subtotal, Matching grants 
Administration. 
Total, Humanities 
TOTAL, NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE 
HUMANITIES 
COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS 
Salaries and expenses .. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS 
Grants 
ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION 
Salaries and expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses. 
UNITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM 
Holocaust Memor1al Museum. FY 2017 
Enacted 
37,517 
10' 154 
~ w --• ---- -
47,671 
~ ---. -. ~ ~ -~ 
119,177 
1 '950 
28,722 ------~ --
149,849 
7,230 
46,000 
14,385 
12 ,730 
13.755 12.000 
500 
4,600 
111.200 
2,200 
8,500 
--------
10,700 
27,948 
--------
149,848 
============= 
299,697 FY 2018 
Request 
29,019 -~ -----------
29.019 
~ ~- ~ ... 
12,400 
~ M - --- - - --
12,400 
29,907 
42,307 
============= 
71,326 Bill 
36,250 
9,500 
45,750 
.. --~---. -
115' 150 
1 '850 
28,000 
-----. ----- ~ -
145,000 
48,000 
14,400 
12.730 
13 ,780 
12,000 
500 
4,600 
-------~ ---~ 
106.010 
2,300 
8,700 ---------
11 '000 
27,990 
- --- - - ---~ --~ 
145,000 
============= 
290,000 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-1 '267 
-654 --- ~ --~ . 
-1.921 _____ ,. 
-4.027 
-100 -722 
--------
-4,849 
-7,230 
+2,000 
+15 +25 
~~-~----~-- . 
-5.190 
+100 +200 
--- ~ --* -
+300 
+42 
---------- --
-4,848 
============= 
-9,697 Bi 11 vs Request 
+36,250 
+9,500 --~ --~ -- ~ -.. 
+45,750 
+115' 150 
+1 ,850 
-1 '019 
-----------
+115.981 
+48,000 +14,400 
+12,730 +13,780 
+12,000 
+500 
+4 '600 -~ ----------
+106,010 
+2,300 
-3,700 
-1 ,400 
-1 '917 -------------
+102,693 
======;;:====== 
+218,674 
============= ============= ===========~~ ============= ============= 
2,762 2,600 2,600 -162 
2 '000 2,000 +2,000 
6,493 6,400 6,400 ·93 
8 099 7.948 7,948 151 
57,000 54,000 57.000 +3,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6719 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/23  EH06SE17.023lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION 
Salar1es and expenses. 
Construction 
Total, DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION. 
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE CENTENNIAL COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses. 
WORLD WAR I CENTENNIAL COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses. 
TOTAL, TITLE III, RELATED AGENCIES. 
Appropriations. 
Resciss1ons .. 
Emergency appropriations. 
TITLE IV -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Wind turbine funding limitation (Sec. 438). 
GRAND TOTAL. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
Resciss1ons of contract authority. 
Emergency appropriations. 
(By transfer) 
( Tr·ansfer out). 
(Discret1onary total) FY 2017 
Enacted 
1 '600 
45.000 46,600 
2,000 
============= 
12,323,305 
(11 ,999,622) 
(-18,317) 
(342,000) 
============= 
32,633,720 
(32 ,391 .785) 
( 137,065) 
(-28,000) 
(407,000) 
(24,274) 
( 24,274) 
(32,280,000) FY 2018 
Request 
1 '800 
85.000 
86,800 
7,000 
============= 
10,989,882 
(10,990,726) 
(-844) 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
27,260,809 
(27,658,673) 
(-369,844) 
(-28.020) 
( 16 '335) 
( -16 '335) 
(27' 199 ,089) Bi 11 
1 '600 
15' 000 
16,600 
1 '000 
3,000 
========::::==== 
12,038,443 
(12.038,443) 
============= 
6,000 
31,517,720 
( 31 '724' 581 ) 
(-178,841) 
(. 28' 020) 
(23,274) 
(-23,274) 
(31 ,456,000) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-30,000 
-30,000 
-1 '000 
+3,000 
============= 
-284,862 
( +38' 821 ) 
(+18,317) 
( 342,000) 
============= 
+6,000 
-1,116,000 
(-667,204) 
( -41 '776) 
( -20) 
(-407,000) 
( -1 '000) 
(+1 '000) 
(-824,000) Bill vs. 
Request 
-200 
-70,000 -70,200 
+1 ,000 
-4,000 
============= 
+1 ,048,561 
(+1 ,047,717) 
(+844) 
============= 
+6.000 
+4,256,911 
(+4,065,908) 
(+191 ,003) 
(+6,939) 
(-6,939) 
(+4,256,911) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6720 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/24  EH06SE17.024lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS 
Processing, Research, and Marketing 
Office of the Secretary 
Office of the Secretary 
Office of Tribal Relations. 
Assistant to the Secretary for Rural Development. 
Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Coordination 
Office of Advocacy and Outreach. 
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration .. 
Departmental Administration. FY 2017 
Enacted 
5' 051 
502 
1 '496 
1 '209 
804 
24' 124 FY 2018 
Request 
4,859 
501 
1 '448 
1 '171 
802 
22,501 Bill 
4 ,850 
501 
800 
1 '448 
1 '171 
800 
2,781 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-201 
-1 
+800 
-48 
-38 
-4 
-21 '343 
------------- ~ ---- --- - - - - -------------- -------------
Subtotal, Departmental Administration. 
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Congressional 
Relations 
Office of Communications. 
Total, Office of the Secretary. 
Executive Operations 
Office of the Chief Economist. 
Office of Hearings and Appeals. 
Office of Budget and Program Analysis. 
Subtotal, Executive Operations. 
Office of the Chief Information Officer 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer. 
Office cf the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights .. 
Office cf Civil Rights. 
Building and Facilities 
Agr1culture Buildings and Facilities. 
Hazardous mater1als management. 
Office of Inspector General 
Office of the General Counsel 
Office of Ethics. 
Total, Departmental Administration. 
Office of the Under Secretary for Research, Education, 
and Economics 
Economic Research Service. 
National Agricultural Statistics Service. 
Census of Agriculture. 
Agricultural Research Service: 
Salaries and expenses 
Build1ngs and facilities 
Total, Agricultural Research Service. 
National Institute of Food and Agriculture: 
Research and education activities. 
Native American Institutions Endowment Fund. 
Extens1on activities 
Integrated activities. 
Total, National Institute of Food 
and Agriculture 
Office of the Under Secretary for Marketing and 
Regulatory Programs 24,928 
3,869 
7,500 
44,555 
18,917 
13' 399 
9,525 
41 '841 
49,538 
8,028 
901 
24,206 
84' 189 
3,633 
98,208 
44.697 
4' 136 
403,932 
893 
86,757 
171 '239 
( 42' 177) 
1,170,235 
99,600 
1 '269. 835 
849,518 
( 11 '880) 
477' 391 
36,000 
1 '362 '909 
901 23,303 
3,521 
7,261 
42,064 
17' 211 
14,716 
9,093 
41 '020 
58,950 
5,836 
896 
23,304 
62' 145 
3,503 
92,689 
42,970 
3,538 
376,915 
891 
76,690 
185,677 
(63,900) 
993' 1 44 
993' 144 
769,613 
( 11 '857) 
462,890 
20,276 
1 '252, 779 
891 3,581 
3,091 
6,261 
21 '703 
16 '777 
13 '399 
9,093 
39,269 
49,538 
5,836 
800 
23,304 
3,503 
95,628 
42,970 
3.945 
286,496 
800 
76,788 
183,781 
(63,350) 
1,132,625 
60,000 
1,192,625 
830.402 
( 11 '880) 
475,876 
35,000 
1 '341 '27 8 
800 21 '34 7 
-778 
-1 '239 
-22,852 
-2' 140 
-432 
-2,572 
-2' 192 
-101 -902 
-84' 189 
-130 
-2,580 
-1 '727 
-191 
-117,436 
-93 
-9,969 
+12,542 
(+21 ,173) 
-37,610 
-39,600 
-77' 210 
-19' 116 
-1 '515 
1 '000 
21 '631 
-101 Bill vs. 
Request 
-9 +800 
-2 
-19,720 
-------------
-19,722 
-430 
-1 '000 
-20,361 
-434 
-1 '317 
-1 '751 
-9,412 
-96 
-62' 145 
+2,939 
+407 
-90,419 
-91 +98 
-1 '896 
( -550) 
+139,481 
+60,000 
+199,481 
+60,789 
(+23) 
+12,986 
+14,724 +88,499 
-91 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6721 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/25  EH06SE17.025lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B - AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
An•mal and Plant Health Inspection Service: 
Salaries and expenses 
Build1ngs and facilities. 
Total, Animal and Plant Health Inspection 
Service. 
Agricultural Marketing Service: 
Marketing Services. 
Standardization activities (user fees) 
(limitation on administrative expenses, from 
collected) 
Funds for strengthening markets, income, and 
supply (Section 32) 
Permanent, Section 32. fees 
Marketing agreements and orders (transfer 
from sect1on 32). 
Payments to States and Possessions. 
Total. Agricultural Marketing Service program 
Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards 
Admimstration 
Salar1es and expenses 
Limitation on inspection and weighing services. 
Office of the Under Secretary for Food Safety 
Food Safety and Inspection Service. 
Lab accred1tation fees. 
Total. Processing, Research, and Marketing .. 
Total, Title I, Agricultural Programs. 
(By transfer) .. 
(Loan authorization). 
(Limitation on administrative expenses). 
TITLE II · Farm Production and 
Conservation Programs 
Farm Production Programs 
Office of the Under Secretary for Farm Production and 
Conservation 
Farm Service Agency: 
Salaries and expenses. 
(Transfer from Food for Peace (P.L. 480)) 
(Transfer from export loans). 
(Transfer from ACIF) 
Subtotal, transfers from program accounts. 
Total, Salaries and expenses. FY 2017 
Enacted 
946,212 
3' 175 
949,387 
84,933 
(65,000) 
(61 '227) 
1 '322 ,000 
(20,705) 
1 '235 
1,469,395 
43,482 
(55,000) 
819 
1 '032' 062 
( 1 '000) 
6,730,384 
6,730,384 
(20,705) 
( 116 '227) 
901 
1 '206' 110 
( 149) ( 2 
'463) 
(306,998) 
-~ ---.. 
(309,610) 
~ w -~ -~ - ~ -- ~ 
(1,515.720) FY 2018 
Request 
810,000 
2,852 
812,852 
77 '462 
(60,982) 
1 '344 '000 
(20,489) 
1 '1 09 
1,483,553 
42,975 
(60,000) 
814 
1,038,069 
( 1 '000) 
6,204,268 
6,204,268 
(20,489) 
(120,982) 
896 1 
'130' 163 ( 149) (353) 
(297,386) 
~ --~ --- ------
(297,888) 
------~ --
(1 ,428,051) Bill 
906,400 906,400 
77,573 
(65,000) 
(61 '227) 
,344,000 
(20,705) 
1 109 
1,483,909 
42,888 
(60,000) 
800 
1,038,069 
( 1 '000) 
6,493,407 
6,493,407 
(20,705) 
(121 '227) 
875 1 
'166' 317 ( 149) 
(353) 
(297,386) 
-------------
(297,888) .. --------
(1 ,464,205) -~ ~ ~ -Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-39,812 
-3' 175 
--
-42,987 
7,360 
+22,000 
126 
+14,514 
-594 
(+5,000) 
19 
+6,007 
-236,977 -236,977 
(+5,000) 
-26 
-39,793 
( -2' 110) 
( -9' 612) 
-------------
( -11 '722) .. -----~ 
(-51' 515) Bill vs. 
Request 
+96,400 
-2,852 
w~~~~~~~-
+93,548 
+111 
{+65,000) 
(+245) 
(+216) 
+356 
-87 
-14 
+289,139 
+289,139 
(+216) (+245) 
-21 
+36,154 
(+36,154) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6722 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/26  EH06SE17.026lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
State mediation grants 
Grassroots source water protection program. 
Dairy indemnity program .. 
Subtotal, Farm Service Agency. 
Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund (ACIF) Program 
Account: 
Loan authorizations: 
Farm ownership loans. 
Direct 
Guaranteed. 
Subtotal 
Farm operating loans: 
Direct 
Unsubsidized guaranteed. 
Subtotal. 
Emergency loans. 
Ind1an tribe land acquisition loans. 
Conservation loans: 
Guaranteed. 
Indian Highly Fractionated Land Loans. 
Boll weevil eradication loans. 
Total, Loan authorizations. 
Loan subsidies: 
Farm operating loans: 
D1rect. 
Unsubsidized guaranteed 
Subtotal. 
Emergency Loans 
Ind1an Highly Fractionated Land Loans. 
Total, Loan subsidies and grants .. 
ACIF administrative expenses 
Salaries and Expenses (transfer to FSA). 
Administrative expenses. 
Total, ACIF expenses. 
Total, Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund. (Loan 
author1zation) .. 
Total, Farm Service Agency. FY 2017 
Enacted 
~ -~ ~ ~ ---
3,904 
6,500 
500 
-w w ~ ~ -~ -
1 '217 '014 
( i '500 '000) 
(2,750,000) (4,250,000) 
( 1 '530 '000) 
(1,960,000) (3,490,000) 
(22,576) 
(20,000) 
(150,000) 
(10,000) 
(60,000) 
(8,002,576) 
65' 178 
20,972 
86' 150 
1 '262 
2,550 
89,962 
306,998 
10,070 
317,068 
407,030 
(8,002,576) 
1,624,945 FY 2018 
Request 
------ -w - ~ -
3,398 
500 
~~---~~~ 
1 '134 ,061 
( i '500 '000) 
(2,500,000) (4,000,000) 
(1,304,851) 
(1,393,423) 
(2,698,274) 
(25,610) 
(20,000) 
(150,000) 
(60,000) 
(6,953.884) 
52,716 
15,467 
68 '183 
1 '260 
69,443 
297,386 
7,905 
305,291 
374,734 
(6,953,884) 
1,509,691 Bi 11 
3,398 
6,000 
500 
----~ -~ ~ -
1,176,215 
(1 '500' 000) 
(2,500,000) (4,000,000) 
( 1 '304' 851) 
(1,593,423) 
(2,898,274) 
(25,610) 
(20,000) 
(150,000) 
(10,000) 
(60,000) 
(7,163,884) 
52,716 
17,687 
70,403 
1 '260 
2,272 
73,935 
297,386 
7,905 
305,291 
379,226 
(7' 163,884) 
1,556,316 Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
-506 -500 . 
40,799 
(-250,000) 
( 250,000) 
(-225,149) 
(-366,577) 
(-591,726) 
(+3,034) 
(-838,692) 
-12 '462 
-3,285 
-15,747 
-2 
-278 
-16,027 
-9,612 
-2' 165 
-11 ,777 
-27,804 
(-838,692) 
-68,629 8111 VS, 
Request 
+6,000 
+42' 154 
(+200.000) (+200,000) 
(+10,000) 
(+210,000) 
+2,220 +2,220 
+2,272 
+4,492 
+4,492 
(+210,000) 
+46,625 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6723 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/27  EH06SE17.027lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Risk Management Agency: 
RMA Salaries and Expenses. 
Subtotal, Risk Management Agency. 
Total. Farm Production Programs. 
Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources 
and Environment. 
Natural Resources Conservation Service: 
Private Lands Conservation Operations. 
Farm Security and Rural Investment program 
(transfer authority). 
Total, Conservation operations. 
Watershed flood and prevention operations. 
Watershed rehabilitation program. 
Total, Natural Resources Conservation Service. 
Corporations 
Federal Crop Insurance Corporation: 
Federal crop insurance corporation fund. 
Commodity Credit Corporat1on Fund. Reimbursement 
for net realized losses. 
Hazardous waste management (limitation on 
expenses) 
Total Corporations. FY 2017 
Enacted 
74,829 74,829 
1,699,774 
901 
864.474 
864,474 
150,000 
12 '000 
1,026,474 
8,667,000 
21,290,712 
(5,000) 
29,957,712 FY 2018 
Request 
55,000 55,000 
1,564,691 
896 766 
000 
(985 .000) 
-------~ ---~ 
766,000 
--~ ----
766,000 
8.245,000 
17,483,000 
(5,000) 
25,728,000 Bill 
55,000 
55,000 
1 '611 '316 
858,911 
----------
858,911 
40,000 
10,000 
-----------
908,911 
8,245,000 
17,483,000 
(5,000) 
25,728,000 Bill VS, 
Enacted 
-19' 829 
19,829 
-88,458 
-901 
-5,563 
------------
-5,563 
-110' 000 
2,000 
---------- --
-117,563 
-422,000 
-3,807,712 
-4,229,712 Sill vs. 
Request 
+46,625 
-896 
+92,911 
(-985.000) 
------------~ 
+92,911 
+40,000 
+10,000 
~ ~ ----------
+142,911 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= Total, Title II, Farm Production and 
Conservation Programs 32,684,861 28,059,587 28,248,227 -4,436,634 +188,640 
============= ======~====== ============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6724 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/28  EH06SE17.028lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION 8 -AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE III -RURAL DEVELOPMENT 
Office of the Under Secretary for Rural Development ... 
Rural Development: Rural 
development expenses: 
Salaries and expenses. 
(Transfer from RHIF). 
(Transfer from RCFP). 
(Transfer from RDLFP) 
(Transfer from RETLP). 
(Transfer from DLTBP). 
Subtotal, Transfers from program accounts. 
Total. Rural development expenses 
Rural Housing Service: 
Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account: 
Loan authorizations· 
Single family direct (Sec. 502). 
Unsubsidized guaranteed. 
Subtotal, Single family 
Housing repair (Sec 504). 
Rental housing (Sec. 515) 
Mul t1-fami ly housing guarantees (Sec. 538) 
Site development 1 oans (Sec. 524). 
Single family housing credit sales. 
Self-help housing land development 
loans (Sec. 523). 
Farm Labor Housing (Sec.514) .. 
Total, Loan authorizations. 
Loan subsidies: 
Single Family Direct (Sec. 502). 
Housing repair (Sec 504). 
Rental housing (Sec 515) .. 
Farm labor housing (Sec.514) .. 
Self-Help Land Devleopment Housing 
(Sec 523) 
Site Development Loans (Sec.524). 
Total, Loan subsidies 
Ferm labor housing grants .. housng 
Loans 
RHIF administrative expenses (transfer to RD). 
Total, Rural Housing Insurance Fund program. (Loan 
authorizat1on). FY 2017 
Enacted 
896 
225,835 
(412,254) 
(4,468) 
(33,270) 
(449,992) 
(675,827) 
(1 ,000,000) FY 2018 
Request 
891 
186,076 
(244,249) 
(147 '591) 
(38' 027) 
(8' 057) 
---- ~ ---~ -~ -
(437,924) -------- ---
(624,000) 
(24,000,000) (24,000,000) Bill 
220,835 
(401,300) 
(4,230) 
(30,750) 
-----------
(436,280) 
(657' 115) 
(900,000) 
(24,000,000) 
(25.000,000) (24,000,000) (24,900,000) 
(26,278) (24,000) (35,000) 
(28,398) 
(230,000) (250, 000) (230,000) 
(5,000) (5,000) 
(10,000) ( 10 ,000) ( 10. 000) 
(5,000) (5,000) 
(23,855) (15.000) 
~ ~ ..... --------------------------- -
(25,335, 133) (24,260,000) (25,217,398) 
67,700 34,650 
3,663 2,959 
10,360 7. 472 
7 '051 4,008 
417 368 
111 58 -~ ~ --~ - ~ ~ .. ----~ 
89,302 49,515 
8,336 6,000 
412,254 244,249 401 '300 
-~ ------- ----------------------
509.892 244,249 456,815 
(25,335, 133) (24,260,000) (25,217,398) 
:::;::::;::::::::::::::::::::=====:::::- =::::============ =====::::::::====== Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-896 
-5,000 
(-10,954) 
( -238) 
( -2' 520) 
~ -~ ~ ------~ --
( -13' 712) 
(-18,712) 
(-100,000) 
100,000) 
( -2' 278) 
(-6,602) 
(-8,855) 
------------~ 
(-117,735) 
-33,050 
-704 
-2,888 
-3,043 
-49 
-53 
-39,787 
-2,336 
-10' 954 
---- ~ ~ 
-53.077 
( 117,735) 
::::::::::::::;;:::::;::::::::::.=::::=== Bi 11 vs 
Request 
-891 
+34,759 
(+157 ,051) 
( -147 '591) 
(+4,230) 
(-7,277) 
( -8 '057) 
~ ~ ----------
( -1 '644) 
(+33,115) 
(+900,000) 
{+900,000) 
(+24,000) 
(+28,398) 
(-20,000) 
(+5,000) 
(+5,000) 
(+15,000) 
(+957,398) 
+34,650 
+2,959 +7,472 
+4,008 
+368 
+58 
+49,515 
+6,000 
+157,051 +212,566 (+957,398) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6725 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/29  EH06SE17.029lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 FY 2018 
Enacted Request Bill Bill VS, Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted Request 
-- ~ ~ ---- - --- - - - - - -- - -* - - ~ -------------
Rental assistance program· 
Rental assistance (Sec. 521). 
Multi-Family Housing Revitalization Program Account. Rural 
housing voucher program Multi 
family housing revitalization program 
Total, Multi-family housing revitalization. 
Mutual and self-help housing grants. 
Rural housing assistance grants. 
Rural community facilities program account. 
Loan authorizations. 
Community facility· 
Direct. 
Guaranteed 
Total, Loan authorizations .. 
Loan subsidies and grants 
Community facility: 
Guaranteed. 
Grants 
Rural community development initiative. 
Economic impact initiative grants 
Tribal college grants. 
RCFP administrative expenses (transfer to RD) 
Total, RCFP Loan subsidies and grants. 
Subtotal, grants and payments. 
Total, Rural Housing Service. 
(Loan authorization). 
Rural Bus1ness -Cooperative Service: 
Rural Business Program Account: 
(Guaranteed business and industry loans) .. 
Loan subsidies and grants: 
Guaranteed bus1ness and industry subsidy. 
Rural business development grants 
Delta Regional Authority and 
Appalachian Regional Commission 
Total, RBP loan subs1dies and grants. 1,405,033 1,345,293 
19' 400 20,000 
2 2 '000 
----------- ~ ---- -- - - --
41 '400 20.000 
30,000 
33,701 
(2,600,000) (3,000,000) 
(148,305) 
--------- ----~ --------
(2 ,748 '305) (3,000,000) 
3,322 
30,000 
4,000 
5' 778 
4,000 
147,591 
~~~~~------~ -------
47' 100 147 '591 
------
110 '801 147 '591 
:;:::;::;;:;:::::::::::::::-::=== ============== 
2,067,126 1,757,133 
(28,083,438) (27,260,000) 
(919,765) 
35,319 
24 000 
6,000 
-----------
65,319 1,345,293 -59,740 
20,000 +600 
15,000 -7,000 +15,000 
---------- ... -.. ____________ 
35,000 -6,400 +15,000 
25,000 5,000 +25,000 
-33,701 
(2,600,000) (-400,000) 
(148,305) (+148,305) -------- ------------- -------------
(2,748,305) {-251 ,695) 
4,849 +1 '527 +4,849 
-30,000 
-4,000 
-5 '778 
-4,000 
-147 '591 
¥ -- - --~ --- ---
4,849 -42,251 -142,742 
------ -------- ----~ --
29,849 -80,952 117,742 
=:::=:=========== ::============ ===========:::= 
1,866,957 -200,169 +109,824 
(27,965,703) { -117' 735) (+705,703) 
(819,000) {-100,765) (+819,000) 
33,251 -2,068 +33,251 
20,000 -4,000 +20,000 
5,000 -1 '000 +5,000 
58,251 -7,068 +58,251 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6726 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/30  EH06SE17.030lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R.3354) 
Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account: 
(loan authorization) .. 
Loan subsidy. 
Administrative expenses (transfer to RD). (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
(18,889) 
5,476 
4,468 FY 2018 
Request Bi 11 
(17,500) 
4,041 
4,230 Bi 11 VS. 
Enacted 
( -1 '389) 
-1 '435 
-238 
---~ .. ~~-~~--- ---~-.-~~~~ -------.. ~ ~ ------.. ~ --------
Total, IRP Fund. 
Rural Economic Development Loans Program Account: 
(loan authorization) 
Limit cushion of credit interest spending .. 
(Rescission) 
Rural Cooperative Development Grants: 
Cooperative development. 
Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural 
Areas. 
Grants to assist minority producers 
Value-added agricultural product market 
development. 
Total, Rural Cooperative development grants. 
Rural Energy for America Program 
(loan authorization) 
Loan subsidy and grants 
Total, Rural Energy for America Program .. 
Total, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. 
(Loan authorization). 9,944 
{42,213) 
(132,000) 
-132,000 
5,800 
2,750 
3,000 
15,000 
26,550 
(7,576) 
352 352 
29,835 
(988,443) (176,000) 
-176' 000 
-176,000 8,271 
(33,077) 
(196,000) 
-196,000 
5,500 
2,500 
3,000 
10,000 
21,000 
(7,520) 
291 291 
-108' 187 
(877,097) -1 '673 
( -9' 136) 
(+64,000) 
-64,000 
-300 -250 
-5,000 
-~ --------
-5,550 
(-56) 
-61 
-61 
-78,352 
( -111 '346) Bill vs. 
Request 
(+17,500) 
+4,041 
+4,230 -~ ~ -- ~ -------
+8,271 
(+33,077) 
(+20,000) 
-20,000 
+5,500 
+2,500 
+3,000 
+10,000 -~ -.. -------
+21 ,000 
(+7,520) 
+291 
-~ -------- -
+291 
+67,813 
(+877' 097) 
=~=========== ====~======== ========~==== ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6727 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/31  EH06SE17.031lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION 8 AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Rural Utilities Service: 
Rural water and waste disposal program account 
loan authorizations: 
Direct. 
Guaranteed 
Total, Loan authorization 
Loan subsidies and grants: 
Direct subsidy. 
Guaranteed subsidy 
Water and waste revolving fund 
Water· well system grants. 
Co1onias and AK/HI grants. 
Water and waste technical assistance .. 
Circuit rider program 
Sol1d waste management grants .. 
High energy cost grants 
Water and waste disposal grants. 
306A(i)(2) grants 
Total. Loan subsidies and grants 
Rural Electrification and Telecommunications Loans 
Program Account. 
Loan authorizations 
Electric: 
Direct, FFB .. 
Guaranteed underwriting. 
Subtotal, Electric. 
Telecommunications: 
Direct, Treasury rate. 
Direct, FFB. 
Subtotal, Telecommunications. 
Total, loan authorizat1ons. 
Loan Subsidy· 
Telecommumcations Direct, Treasury 
Rate 
Total, Loan subsidies .. 
RETLP administrative expenses (transfer to RD) 
Total, Rural Electrification and 
Telecommunications Loans Program Account. 
(Loan authorization). FY 2017 
Enacted 
(1 '200 '000) 
(50,000) 
-~ -~ -------* * 
1,250,000 
52,080 
240 
1 '000 
993 
64,000 
20,000 
16,897 
4,000 
10,000 
391 '980 
10,000 
-- ~ ---. ------
571 '190 
(5,500,000) 
(750,000) 
(6,250,000) 
(345,000) (345,000) 
~~~-~-~·---~· 
(690,000) 
-------------
(6,940,000) 
3,071 
-------------
3,071 
33,270 
36,341 
(6,940,000) FY 2018 
Request 
-------------
-------------
(5,500,000) 
·--~ ~ -~ ~ ---
(5,500,000) 
(345,000) 
(345,000) 
~ ------------
(690,000) 
-------------
(6.190,000) 
863 
-------------
863 
38,027 
38,890 
(6,190,000) Bill 
(1,200,000) 
(50,000) 
-------------
1 '250' 000 
25,680 
230 
1 '000 
993 
45,000 
20,000 
16,897 
4,000 
358,900 
-------------
472,700 
(5,500,000) 
(750,000) 
(6,250,000) 
(345,000) (345,000) 
-------------
(690,000) 
-------------
(6,940,000) 
863 
-------------
863 
30,750 
31 '613 
(6,940,000) Bi 11 VS, 
Enacted 
-------------
-26,400 
10 
-19,000 -10,000 -33,080 
-10,000 
-------------
98,490 
-------------------------
-2,208 
-------------
2,208 
-2,520 
-4,728 Bill vs. 
Request 
(+1 ,200,000) 
(+50,000) 
-------------
+1,250,000 
+25,680 
+230 
+1 '000 
+993 
+45,000 +20,000 
+16,897 
+4,000 
+358,900 
-------------
+472,700 
(+750,000) (+750,000) 
-------------
(+750,000) 
-------------
-7,277 
-7 '277 
(+750,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6728 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/32  EH06SE17.032lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Broadband Program: Loan 
authorizations 
Broadband telecommunications. 
Total, Loan authonzations 
Loan subsidies and grants· 
Distance learning and telemedicine: 
Grants. 
Broadband telecommunications: 
D1rect. 
Grants. 
Total, Loan subsidies and grants. 
DLTBP administrative expenses (transfer to RD) 
Total, Rural Utilities Service. 
(Loan authorization). 
Rural Economic Infrastructure Grants 
Total, Title III, Rural Development Programs. 
(By transfer). 
(Loan authorization). 
TITLE IV -DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS 
Office of the Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition and 
Consumer Services 
Food and Nutrition Service: 
Child nutrition programs 
School breakfast program equipment grants. 
Demonstrat1on projects (Summer EBT). 
Total, Child nutr1tion programs. 
Special supplemental nutrition program for women, 
infants. and children (WIC). 
Supplemental nutrition assistance program· 
(Food stamp program) 
Reserve FY 2017 
Enacted 
(27,043) 
(27,043) 
26,600 
4,500 
34,500 
65,600 
673 '131 
(8,217,043) 
2.937,153 
(449,992) 
(37,288,924) 
814 
22,745,982 
25,000 
23,000 
~ ------. -----
22,793,982 
6,350,000 
75,479,696 
3,000,000 FY 2018 
Request 
( 26 '991) 
(26 '991) 
4 '521 
4' 521 
8,057 
51' 468 
(6,216,991) 
161 '893 
1 '981 '461 
(437,924) 
(33,476,991) 
809 
24,233,309 
22,957 
---------
24,256,266 
6,150,000 
70,611,504 
3,000,000 Bill 
(26 '991) 
(26 '991) 
4,521 4,521 
508,834 
( 8' 216 '991 ) 
122,692 
2. 611 '131 
(436,280) 
(37 ,059, 791) 
800 
24,232,944 
25,000 23,000 
------~ ----~ -
24,280,944 
6' 150' 000 
70,608,952 
3,000,000 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
(-52) (-52) 
-26,600 
+21 
-34,500 
-61 '079 
-164,297 
(-52) 
+122,692 
-326,022 
( 13,712) 
( -229' 133) 
-14 
+1 ,486,962 
+1 ,486,962 
-200,000 
-4,870,744 Bill vs. 
Request 
-8,057 
+457,366 
(+2,000,000) 
-39,201 
+629,670 
( -1 '644) 
(+3,582,800) 
-9 
-365 
+25,000 
+43 
+24,678 
-2,552 
998 996 998 FDPIR nutr1tion education services. +2 
Total, Food stamp program Fi 
seal year 2017 
Commodity assistance program: 
Commodity supplemental food program .. 
Farmers market nutrition program. Emergency food 
assistance program 
Pacific island and disaster assistance. 
Total, Commodity assistance program. 
Nutrition programs administration 
Total, Food and Nutrition Service .. 
FY 2017. 
Total, T1tle IV, Domestic Food Programs. 
FY 2017 ~ -~ ------- ------- -·· 
78,480,694 73,612,500 73,609,950 -4,870,744 
(78,480,694) (73,612,500) (73,609,950) (-4,870,744) 
236,120 
18,548 
59,401 
1 '070 238,120 238,120 +2,000 
315 '139 
170,716 54,401 
1 '070 
293,591 
148,541 18,548 
59,401 
1 '070 
317' 139 
148,541 
108,110,531 104,460,898 104,506,574 
(108,110,531) (104,460,898) (104,506,574) 
108,111,345 104,461,707 104,507,374 
(108,110,531) (104,460,898) (104,506,574) +2,000 
-22' 175 
-3,603,957 
(-3,603,957) 
-3,603,971 
( 3,603,957) -2,550 
(-2,550) 
+18,548 
+5,000 
+23,548 +45,676 
(+45,676) 
+45,667 
(+45,676) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6729 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/33  EH06SE17.033lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
TITLE V -FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AND RELATED PROGRAMS 
Office of the Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign 
Agricultural Affairs. 
Foreign Agricultural Service 
Salaries and expenses. 
(Transfer from export loans). (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
196,571 
(6,074) FY 2018 
Request 
188' 167 
(6.382) Bill 
875 
195,268 
(6,382) Bi 11 VS. 
Enacted 
+875 
-1 '303 
(+308) 
-~ ¥ ----~ --- --------------- --~ -------------- ---- ---~ -
Total, Salaries and expenses. 
Food for Peace Title I Direct Credit and Food for 
Progress Program Account, Administrative Expenses Farm 
Service Agency, Salaries and expenses 
(transfer to FSA). 
Food for Peace Title II Grants 
Expenses .. 
Commodity Credit Corporation Export Loans 
Program Account (administrative expenses): 
Salar1es and expenses (Export Loans) 
Foreign Agriculture Service. S&E (transfer to 
FAS) 
Farm Service Agency S&E (transfer to FSA). 
Total. CCC Export Loans Program Account. 
McGovern-Dole International Food for Education 
and Child Nutrition program grants .. 
Total, Title V, Foreign Assistance and Related 
Programs 
(By transfer). 
TITLE VI RELATED AGENCIES AND FOOD AND 
DRUG ADMINISTRATION 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Food and Drug Administration 
Salaries and expenses, direct appropriation. 
Prescr1ption drug user fees 
Medical device user fees. 
Human generic drug user fees 
B1os1milar biological products user fees 
Animal drug user fees 
Animal generic drug user fees 
Tobacco product user fees 
Subtotal, user fees, enacted and definite 
Subtotal (including user fees) 202.645 
149 
1 '466 '000 
6,074 
2,463 
8,537 
201,626 
1,872,883 
(6,074) 
2.759,378 
(754,524) 
(126,083) 
(323 '011) 
(22,079) (23,673) 
( 11 '341) 
(635,000) 
(1,895.711) 
(4,655.089) 194,549 
149 
6,382 
353 
6,735 
195' 051 
(6,382) 
1,819.718 
(1 .262.182) 
( 439' 001) 
(615,746) 
(86,736) (70,252) 
(18,475) 
(672,000) 
(3,164,392) 
(4,984,110) 201 '650 
149 
1 '400' 000 
6,382 
353 
6,735 
201,626 
1,804,653 
(6,382) 
2,759,378 
(937,434) 
(193' 291) 
(493,600) 
(54,000) 
(24' 142) 
( 12' 1 00) 
(672,000) 
(2,386,567) 
(5,145,945) -995 
-66,000 
+308 
. 2' 110 
·1 '802 
-68,230 
(+308) 
(+182,910) 
(+67,208) 
(+170,589) 
(+31 '921) 
(+469) (+759) 
(+37,000) 
(+490,856) 
(+490,856) Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+875 +7' 
101 
-------------
+7' 101 
+1 ,400,000 
+201 ,626 
+1 ,609,602 
+939,660 
(·324,748) 
( ·245 '710) 
(-122,146) 
(-32,736) 
( 46' 110) 
(-6,375) 
( -777 ,825) 
(+161 ,835) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6730 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/34  EH06SE17.034lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B - AGRICULTURE. RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Mammography user fees 
Export and color certification user fees. 
Food and Feed Recall user fees. 
Food Reinspection fees. 
Voluntary qualif1ed importer program fees. 
Pharmacy compounding fees (CBO estimate). 
Priority review vouchers (PRV) pediatric disease .. 
Third party auditor. 
Subtotal, FDA user fees. 
Subtotal, FDA (including user fees). 
Buildings and facilities 
Total, FDA (w/user fees, including proposals) .. 
Total. FDA (w/enacted user fees only). 
Total, FDA (excluding user fees). 
INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission 1/. 
Farm Credit Administration (limitation on 
administrative expenses) 
Total, Title VI, Related Agencies and Food and Drug 
Administration. 
TITLE VII -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
L1mit Dam Rehab (Sec 714(1)). 
Limit Environmental Quality Incentives Program 
(Sec714(2)). 
limit Rural Energy for America Program (Sec. 714 (2)) 
(resciss1on) 
Lim1t Biomass Crop Assistance Program (Sec 714(3)). 
Limit Biorefinery Assistance (Sec.714(4)). 
limit Ag Management Assistance (Sec 714 (5)). 
Limit Biorefinery Assistance (Sec. 714 (4)) 
(cancellation) 
RESP (rescission). 
Limit fruit and vegetable program (Sec 715). 
Section 32 (Sec.715) (rescission) 
APHIS B&F -Fruit Fly Rearing (Sec. 743). 
WIC (rescission) (Sec. 745) .. 
CBO adjustment to WIC (rescission) (CBO 
re-estimate of Request). 
Subtotal, W!C (rescission) (CBO re-estimate of 
Request) .. 
TEFAP (Sec 748) 
Ebola/Zika Funding (Sec. 752) 
Citrus Greening (Sec. 757). 
RD balances (Sec 758) (rescission) 
Healthy Food Financing Initiative .. 
RD unobligated balances (rescission) .. 
ARS B&F unobligated balances (rescission) .. 
Hardwood Trees (Reforestation Pilot Program). 
Water Bank program 
Geographic Disadvantaged farmers 
Emergency Conservation Program. 
Food for- Peace FY 2017 FY 2018 
Enacted Request 
(20,522) (21 '000) 
( 14 '378) (15,000) 
( 1 '434) ( 1 '000) 
(6,414) (6,000) 
(5,300) (5,000) 
( 1 '370) ( 1 '000) 
(7,686) (8,000) 
( 1 '400) (1 '000) 
(1 ,954,215) (3,222,392) 
------------
(4,713,593) (5,042,110) 
11 '788 8' 771 ---------- -------------
(4, 725.381) (5,050,881) 
(4, 725,381) (5,050,881) 
2,771,166 1,828,489 
::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::::::::::::::: ============= 
250,000 250,000 
(68,600) (72,600) 
============= ============= 
3,021,166 2,078,489 
============= ============= 
-54,000 -55,000 
-179,000 -209,000 
-20,000 -20,000 -20.000 
-2.000 -9, 000 175, 000 
-125.000 -125,000 
-231,000 -263,000 
47,000 
850,000 1,000,000 
500,000 
¥ ~ --- ~ ----~ ----------~ -
(-850,000) 500,000) 
19,000 10.000 
5,500 
3,951 1 
'000 
108,000 
-211 '697 
600 
4,000 
1 '996 
28,651 
134,000 Bi l1 vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted 
~ w ~ u ---
(21 '000) (+478) 
( i 5' 000) (+622) ( 1 
'000) ( -434) 
(6,000) ( -414) 
(5,000) ( -300) 
( 1 '000) ( -370) 
(8,000) (+314) ( 1 
'000) (-400) .. ~ ~ ~ -~ 
(2,444,567) (+490,352) 
--- ~ ~ w -~ ---
(5, 203,945) (+490,352) 
8, 771 3,017 
------------- -------------
(5,212,716) (+487,335) 
(5,212,716) (+487,335) 
2,768,149 -3,017 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::. ============= 
248, 000 -2,000 
(68, 600) 
============= ;;;;;:;:;;;:;;;c:;;;::;::::;:;::::::::::::::::: 
3,016,149 -5 '017 
============= ============= 
-55,000 -1 '000 
+179,000 
-46,000 -46,000 
-21.000 -1 '000 
-175,000 -155.000 
-9,000 -7.000 -8,000 -8,000 
-125,000 -263,000 
-32,000 
-47,000 
-600, 000 +250,000 
------------- -------------
(-600,000) (+250,000) 
19.000 
-10' 000 5, 500 
+3,951 1 
'000 
-600 
-4,000 
-1 '996 
-28,651 
-134,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
~~~~#-~---
(-777,825) 
---------
(+161 ,835) 
-------------
(+161 ,835) 
(+161 ,835) 
+939,660 
============= 
-2,000 
(-4,000) 
============= 
+937,660 
============= 
+209,000 
-46,000 
-1 '000 
-175,000 
+175,000 
-8,000 
+400,000 
-500,000 
-------------
100,000) 
+5,500 
+1 'DOO 
+108,000 
+211 '697 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6731 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/35  EH06SE17.035lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B - AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Rural Energy Savings Program. 
Maturing mortgage pilot 
FSA ARC p1lot 
NIFA Military Veteran Grants. 
Electric Loan Refinancing 
STEM Program 
Total, TitleVII, General Provisions. 
Grand total . 
Appropriations fiscal year 2017. 
D1saster relief 
Rescissions 
Advance appropriations, FY 2017. 
(By transfer). 
(Loan authorization) 
(L1m1tat10n on administrative expenses) .. 
RECAPITULATION 
Title I -Agricultural programs 
Mandatory. 
D1scretionary 
Title II -Farm Production and Conservation Programs. 
Mandatory. 
Discretionary. 
Title III -Rural development (discretionary) .. 
Title IV -Domestic food programs 
Mandatory. 
Discretionary 
Title V -Foreign assistance and related programs 
(discretionary) 
Title VI -Related agencies and Food and Drug 
Administration (d1scretionary) 
Title VII -General provisions (discretionary). 
Total 
Note: In FY17, the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commiss1on was enacted on the Financial Services 
and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017. 
This amount is included for comparability purposes 
as the Agriculture Subcommittee carries this 
funding FY 2017 
Enacted 
8,000 
1 '000 
5,000 5,000 
13,800 
500 
=========~=== 
-1,199,904 
154,157,888 
(155,374,839) 
1 '216 '951) 
(786' 381) 
(45, 291 ,500) 
( 189' 827) 
:::=::::::::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::::: 
6,730 '384 
(1.322,000) 
(5,408.384) 
32,684,861 
29,958,212 
2.726,649 2,937,153 
1 08' 111 '345 
(101 ,226,676) 
(6,884.669) 
1.872,883 
3,021,166 
-1,199,904 
============= 
186,842,749 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: FY 2018 
Request 
============= 
-1,675,697 
141,304,866 
(142,738,563) 
( -1 '433' 697) 
(762' 683) 
(40,430,875) 
(198,582) 
============= 
6,204,268 
(1,344,000) (4,860,268) 
28,059,587 
25,728,500 
2,331,087 
1 '981 '461 
104 '461 ,707 
(97,845,809) 
(6,615,898) 
195 '051 
2,078,489 
-1,675,697 
::::::::::;:::::::::;::::;;;;;::;::::::::::;o; 
169,364,453 
============= Bi 11 vs. 
Bi l1 Enacted 
-8,000 
-1 '000 
-5,000 
5,000 
-13,800 
-500 
============= ============= 
-1,295,500 -95,596 
============= 
145,385,441 -8,772,447 
(146,498,441) ( -8,876,398) 
1 ,113,000) (+103,951) 
(761,255) (-25,126) 
(44,223,675) (-1,067,825) 
(194,827) (+5,000) 
============= ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
6,493,407 -236,977 
(1 ,344,000) (+22,000) 
(5,149,407) (-258,977) 
28,248,227 4,436,634 
25,728,500 -4,229,712 
2,519,727 -206,922 
2 '611 ,131 -326,022 
104,507,374 -3,603,971 
(97,842,894) (-3,383,782) 
(6,664,480) (-220, 189) 
1,804,653 -68,230 
3,016,149 -5,017 
-1 '295' 500 -95,596 
============= =====-====-==== 
173,633,668 -13,209,081 
============= ============= Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
============= 
+380' 197 
+4,080,575 
(+3,759,878) 
(+320,697) 
( -1 '428) 
(+3,792,800) 
(-3,755) 
============= 
+289, 139 
(+289,139) 
+188,640 +188,640 
+629,670 
+45,667 
( -2 '915) 
(+48,582) 
+1 ,609,602 
+937,660 +380,197 
;::;::;;::;;;;:::;::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
+4,269,215 
============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6732 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/36  EH06SE17.036lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE -DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE 
International Trade Administration 
Operations and administration 
Offsetting fee collections. 
Direct appropriation. 
Bureau of Industry and Security 
Operations and adm1nistration. 
Defense function. 
Total, Bureau of Industry and Security. 
Economic Development Administration 
Economic Development Assistance Programs 
Salaries and expenses 
Total. Economic Development Administration. 
Minor1ty Business Development Agency 
Minority Business Development. Bureau 
of Economic Analysis 
Salaries and expenses 
Bureau of the Census 
Current Surveys and Programs. 
Periodic censuses and programs .. 
Total, Bureau of the Census. 
National Telecommunications and Information 
Administration 
Salaries and expenses .. 
United States Patent and Trademark Office 
Salaries and expenses, current year fee funding. 
Offsetting fee collections 
Total, United States Patent and Trademark Office 
National Institute of Standards and Technology 
Scientific and Technical Research and Services. 
(transfer out). 
Industrial Technology Services. 
Adjustment for prior year recoveries. 
Manufacturing extension partnerships. 
National Network for Manufacturing Innovation 
Construction of research facilities. 
Working Capital Fund (by transfer). 
Total, National Institute of Standards and Technology FY 2017 
Enacted 
495,000 
12,000 
~~--~~-~~~¥ 
483,000 
76,500 
36,000 
112 '500 
237,000 
39,000 
276,000 
34,000 
107,300 
270,000 
,200,000 
~~--~~--~~---
1,470,000 
32,000 
3,230,000 
-3,230,000 
690, 000 
(-9 ,000) 
153,000 
(-2,000) 
(130,000) 
(25,000) 
109,000 
(9,000) 
--- ~ -- ~ -~ -~ --
952,000 FY 2018 
Request 
455,500 
-13,000 
-~ w ~ --w -
442,500 
75.500 
38,000 
113,500 
30,000 
30,000 
6,000 
97,000 
246,000 
1,251,000 
~ ~ --------
1,497,000 
36,000 
3,500,000 
-3,500,000 
600 ,000 
( -9 ,000) 
21 '000 
(6,000) 
( 15 '000) 
104,000 
(9,000) 
----~ ----- ~ --
725,000 Bill 
480,000 
-13' 000 
* -w -- ~ -~ ----~ 
467,000 
74,500 
38,000 
112,500 
140,000 
36,000 
176,000 
34,000 
96,000 
256,000 
1,251,000 
----~ ---
1 '507' 000 
30,000 
3,500,000 
-3,500,000 
660,000 
( -9' 000) 
105,000 
(100,000) 
(5,000) 
100,000 
(9,000) ----~ --------
865.000 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-15,000 
-1 '000 
~-~~~~--~~--w 
-16,000 
-2,000 
+2,000 
-97,000 
-3,000 
-100,000 
-11 '300 
-14 '000 
+51' 000 --- "" 
+37,000 
-2,000 
+270,000 
-270,000 
-30,000 -48,000 
(+2,000) 
(-30,000) (-20,000) 
-9,000 
-~ -----------
-87,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
+24,500 
--~ -- ~ ---~ -- ~ 
+24,500 
-1 '000 
-1 '000 
+140,000 
+6,000 
+146,000 
+28,000 
-1 '000 
+10 ,000 
--------
+10,000 
-6,000 
+60,000 
+84,000 
(+94,000) 
( -10 '000) 
-4,000 
------------
+140,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6733 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/37  EH06SE17.037lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 
Operat10ns, Research, and Facilities. 
(by transfer) 
Promote and Develop Fund (transfer out), 
Subtotal 
Procurement, Acquisition and Construction, 
Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery 
F1shermen's Contingency Fund. 
F1sher1es Finance Program Account. 
Fisheries Disaster Assistance 
Total, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Admim strat ion. 
Departmental Management 
Salaries and expenses, 
Renovation and Modernization 
Office of Inspector General. 
Total, Departmental Management. 
Total, title I, Department of Commerce, 
(by transfer). 
(transfer· out) . 
TITLE II · DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
General Administration 
Salaries and expenses. 
Justice Information Sharing Technology, 
Total, General Administration 
Administrative review and appeals, 
Executive Office for Immigration Review. 
Transfer from immigration examinations fee account 
Direct appropriation. 
Office of Inspector General, 
United States Parole Commission 
Salaries and expenses. 
Legal Activities 
Salaries and expenses, genera'l legal activities, 
Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
Salaries and expenses, Antitrust Div1sion 
Offsetting fee collections -current year, .. 
Direct appropriation 
Salaries and expenses, United States Attorneys .. 
United States Trustee System Fund 
Offsetting fee collections. 
New fees (Sec, 218) (legislative proposal) .. 
Direct approprlation, FY 2017 
Enacted 
3,367,875 
( 130' 164) ( 
-130' 164) 
---~ - -~ ~ -~ w ~ 
3,367,875 
2,242,610 
65,000 
350 -410 
---------
5,675,425 
58,000 
4,000 
32,744 
94 ,7 44 
============:::: 
9,236,969 
139' 164 
"139' 164 
======:::====== 
114' 124 
31 '000 -------------
145' 124 
440,000 
-4,000 
436,000 
95,583 
13,308 
897,500 
10,000 
164,977 
125,000 
39' 977 
2,035,000 
225,908 
-163,000 
62,908 FY 2018 
Request 
2,965,549 
(144 ,000) 
( -144 .000) 
~ -------... 
,965,549 
,807,801 
349 
-3, 000 
-------------
4,770,699 
63,000 
1 '000 
32,000 
-----------~ ~ 
96,000 
:::::::::;:;:;::::;::::::===== 
7 ,813,699 
153,000 
153,000 
============= 
114,000 
30,941 
-------------
144,941 
505,367 
-4,000 
501 '367 
95,328 
13,283 
899,000 
9,340 
164.663 
-126,000 
-~ ~ -~ ~ ri -
38,663 
2,057,252 
225,479 
-135,000 -150,000 
-59,521 Bi 11 VS. Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
3,240,199 -127,676 +274,650 
(144,000) (+13,836) 
(-144,000) ( 13,836) 
----------------------- -~--- w ---- -- -
3,240,199 -127,676 +274,650 
'643' 110 -599,500 -164,691 
65,000 +65,000 
350 +1 
-3,000 -2,590 
20,000 +20,000 +20,000 
------------- ------------- -------------
4,965,659 -709,766 +194,960 
58,000 5,000 
1,000 -3,000 
32,744 +744 --~ ~ -------- -------------- ------~ -----
91 '744 -3,000 -4,256 
============= ==========:::;;::;::: ============= 
8,344,903 -892,066 +531 ,204 
153,000 +13,836 
-153,000 -13' 836 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ============= ============= 
89,000 -25' 124 -25,000 
30,941 -59 
------------- ------------- -------------
119,941 -25' 183 -25,000 
505,367 504,500 
+64,500 +504,500 
-4,000 
500,500 +64,500 -867 
95,583 +255 
13' 000 -308 -283 
897,500 1 '500 
10' 000 +660 
163,980 -997 -683 
-126,000 -1 '000 ------~ -~ -~ ~ ------ - ~ 
37,980 -1 '997 -683 
2,057,252 +22,252 
225,000 -908 -479 
-135,000 +28,000 
+150,000 
--~w~~~-~---~ ri ri -----
90,000 +27,092 +149,521 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6734 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/38  EH06SE17.038lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Salaries and expenses, Foreign Claims Settlement 
Commission 
Fees and expenses of witnesses. 
Salaries and expenses. Community Relations Service. 
Assets Forfeiture Fund 
Total Legal Activities. 
United States Marshals Service 
Salaries and expenses. 
Construction 
Federal Prisoner Detention. 
Total. United States Marshals Service .. 
National Security Division 
Salaries and expenses 
Interagency Law Enforcement 
Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement. 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Salar1es and expenses 
Counterintelligence and national security 
Subtotal, Salar1es and expenses. 
Construction. 
Transfer from available balances of Working 
Capital Fund 
Subtotal, Construction. 
Total, Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
Salaries and expenses 
Diversion control fund. 
Total. Drug Enforcement Administration .. 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives 
Salaries and expenses. 
Federal Prison System 
Salaries and expenses. 
Buildings and facilities 
Limitation on administrative expenses, Federal Prison 
Industries, Incorporated 
Total, Federal Prison System. 
State and Local Law Enforcement Activities 
Office on Violence Against Women: 
Prevention and prosecution programs. 
(by transfer). 
Crime Vict1ms Fund (transfer out). FY 2017 
Enacted 
2,374 
270,000 
15 '500 
20,514 
-------------
3,353,773 
1 '249,040 
10' 000 
1,454,414 
-------------
2.713,454 
96,000 
517,000 
3,556,853 
5,210,348 
-~ --------- ~ ~ 
8 .767,201 
420,178 
-181 '000 -------------
239,178 
---- ~ -------
9,006,379 
2,485,638 
-382,662 
-------------
2.102.976 
1,258,600 
7,008.800 
130.000 
2,700 
7 '141 ,500 
155,500 
(326,000) 
(-326,000) FY 2018 
Request 
2,409 
270,000 
14,419 
21 '475 
------------
3,253,037 
1,252,000 
14.971 
1,536,000 
-------------
2,802.971 
101 '031 
526,000 
3,538,751 
5,183,831 
~ ------------
8, 722,582 
51.895 
----------
51' 895 
-------------
8,774,477 
2,583,625 
-419.574 
-------------
2,164,051 
1 '273' 776 
7,085,248 
113,000 
2,695 
7,200,943 
35,000 
(445 000) 
(-445,000) Bill 
2,374 
270,000 
15,000 
20,514 
-------------
3,400,620 
1,255,000 
10,000 
1,536,000 
-------------
2,801,000 
100,000 
526,000 
3,576,143 
5,238,604 
-------------
8,814, 747 
51 ,895 
-------------
51.895 
-------------
8,866,642 
2,583,625 
-419,574 
-------------
2,164,051 
1 '293' 776 
7,070.248 
95,000 
2.700 
7,167,948 
527,000 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-500 
-------------
+46,847 
+5,960 
+81,586 
-------------
+87,546 
+4,000 +9,000 
+19,290 
+28,256 
-------------
+47,546 
-368,283 
+181,000 
-------------
-187,283 
-------------
-139.737 
+97.987 
-36,912 
-------------
+61 ,075 
+35,176 
+61 ,448 
-35,000 
+26,448 
+371 ,500 
( 326,000) 
(+326,000) Bill vs. 
Request 
-35 
+581 
-961 ------~ ------
+147,583 
+3,000 
-4 '971 
-------------
-1 '971 
-1 '031 
+37,392 
+54.773 
-------------
+92' 165 
-------------
-------------
+92' 165 
-------------
+20,000 
-15,000 -18,000 
+5 
32,995 
+492,000 
(-445,000) 
(+445,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6735 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/39  EH06SE17.039lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Justice Programs: 
Research, evaluation and statistics. 
State and local law enforcement assistance. 
Edward Byrne Memorial Grants (P.l. 114-254, 
0 i v A, Sec 1 54) 
(by transfer). 
Cr1me V1ctims Fund (transfer out). 
Juvenile justice programs. 
(by transfer-). 
Crime Victims Fund (transfer out). 
Public safety officer benefits· 
Death benefits 
Disability and education benefits .. 
Subtotal. 
Total, Office of Justice Programs. 
Community Oriented Policing Services: 
COPS programs 
Total, State and Local Law Enforcement 
Activities 
Total, title II, Department of Justice. 
TITLE III -SCIENCE 
Office of Science and Technology Policy .. 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
Science 
Aeronautics. 
Space Technology 
Exploration 
Space Operations 
Education 
Safety, Security and Mission Services 
Construction and environmental compliance and 
restorat1on. 
Office of Inspector General,. FY 2017 
Enacted 
89,000 
1 '258' 500 
7,000 
247,000 
73,000 
16,300 
89,300 
1 '690' 800 
221 '500 
2,067,800 
28,947,497 
5,555 
5,764,900 
660,000 686,500 
4 ,324,000 
,950,700 
100,000 
2, 768,600 
360,700 
37,900 FY 2018 
Request 
111 '000 
867,500 
(73,000) 
(-73,000) 
137,500 
(92,000) 
(-92,000) 
92,000 
16,300 
108,300 
1 '224' 300 
218,000 
1,477,300 
28,328,505 
5,544 
5' 711 '800 
624,000 678,600 
3,934,097 
4,740,803 
37,300 
2,830,200 
496, 100 
39, 300 Bi 11 
83,000 
1,143,500 
170,500 
92,000 
15' 300 
108,300 
1,505,300 
234,000 
2.266,300 
29,315,361 
5,544 
5,858,500 
660,000 686,500 
4,550,000 
4,676,634 
90,000 
2,826,200 
486,100 
37,900 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-6,000 
115,000 
-7,000 
-76,500 
+19,000 +19,000 
-185,500 
+12,500 
+198,500 
+367,864 
-11 
+93,600 
+226,000 
-274,066 
-10,000 
+57,600 
+125,400 Bill vs. 
Request 
-28,000 
+276,000 
(-73,000) 
(+73,000) 
+33,000 
(-92,000) 
(+92,000) 
+281 ,000 
+16,000 
+789,000 
+986,856 
+146,700 
+36,000 
+7,900 
+615,903 
-64,169 
+52,700 
-4,000 
-10,000 
-1 '400 
------------- --~ ~ ---- ~ --- ~ ---~ --------------------- -------------
Total, National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration. 
National Science Foundation 
Research and related activities. 
Defense function 
Subtotal. 
MaJor Research Equipment and Facilities Construction. 
Education and Human Resources 
Agency Operations and Award Management. 
Office of the National Science Board. 
Office of Inspector General 
Total, National Science Foundation. 
Total. t1tle III, Science. 19,653,300 
5 '966' 1 25 
67,520 
6,033,645 
209.000 
880,000 
330,000 
4,370 
15,200 
7,472,215 
27,131,070 19,092,200 
5,290,650 
71 '000 
5.361,650 
182,800 
760,550 
328,510 
4,370 
15,008 
6,652,888 
25,750' 632 19,871,834 
5,962,645 
71,000 
6,033,645 
77' 800 
880,000 
328,510 
4,370 
15,200 
7,339,525 
27,216,903 +218,534 
-3,480 
+3,480 
131 '200 
-1 '490 
-132,690 
+85,833 +779,634 
+671 .995 
+671 ,995 
-105 '000 
+119,450 
+192 
+686,637 
+1,466,271 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6736 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/40  EH06SE17.040lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE IV -RELATED AGENCIES 
ConHn·ission on Civ'il Rights 
Salaries and expenses 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
Salaries and expenses 
International Trade Commission 
Salaries and expenses .. 
Legal Services Corporation 
Payment to the Legal Services Corporation. 
Marine Mammal Commission 
Salaries and expenses. 
Office of the U S. Trade Representative 
Salaries and expenses. 
Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (non-add) .. 
Trade Enforcement Trust Fund .. 
State Justice Institute 
Salaries and expenses 
Total, title IV. Related Agencies. 
TITLE V -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
DOC National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
Operations, Research and Facilities (rescission). 
DOC National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
Procurement Acquisition and Construct1on 
(resciss10n). 
Economic Development Assistance Programs (rescission). 
DOJ, Working Capital Fund (rescission). 
DOJ. Assets Forfeiture Fund (rescission, temporary). 
DOJ, Assets Forfeiture Fund (rescission, permanent). 
FBI, Salaries and Expenses: 
(Fees) nondefense (rescission) .. 
(Fees) defense (rescission) 
Nondefense {rescission) 
Defense (rescission) 
Federal Prisoner Detention (rescission). 
DOJ. Drug Enforcement Administration (rescission). 
DOJ, Federal Prison System, Buildings and Facilities 
(rescission). 
Violence against women prevention and prosecution 
programs (resc1ssion) 
Office of Justice programs (rescission) .. 
Crime Victims Fund (resc1ssion). 
COPS (rescission) 
NASA Emergency Repairs (emergency). 
Emergency Law Enforcement Assistance. 
Total. title V, General Provisions. FY 2017 
Enacted 
9,200 
364,500 
91 '500 
385,000 
3,431 
62,000 
(15,000) 
5' 121 
=======-====== 
920,752 
============= 
-18 '000 
-5.000 
10,000 
-300,000 
-302,000 
-201 '196 
-56,798 
-83,202 -20,934 
-30,666 
-24,000 
-12' 092 
-3,400 
10.000 
50,000 
-15.000 
109,000 
15,000 
============= 
-1,018,288 FY 2018 
Request 
9,183 
363,807 
87,615 
33,000 
2,449 
57,600 
5' 111 
:;:::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
558,765 
============= 
-47,000 
-144,768 
304,000 
. 79' 111 
-115,889 
-444,000 
15,000 
-40,000 
-1 ,310,000 
10,000 
============= 
-2,509,768 Bill 
9,183 
363,807 
92,500 
300,000 
3. 431 
53,000 
15,000 
5' 111 
:::::::::::::;;:::::;;;:::;::;::;::;::;::;::; 
842,032 
============= 
20,000 
-47,000 
-409,834 -304,000 
. 79' 111 
·115,889 
-21 ,650 
-31 ,715 
-17,500 -60,000 
17' 500 
======::::====== 
1.124,199 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-17 
-693 
+1 '000 
-85,000 
-9,000 
( -15' 000) 
+15.000 
-10 
============= 
-78,720 
============= 
-2,000 
+5,000 
-37,000 
-109,834 
+302,000 
-102,804 
-22,313 
-32,687 
-716 
-1 '049 
+24,000 
+12,092 
+3,400 
7,500 
·10,000 
-2,500 
·109,000 
-15,000 
============= 
105,911 Bill vs. 
Request 
+4,885 
+267,000 
+982 
-4,600 
+15,000 
===:::::::;:;;;:::;;::;:;:::::::::::::: 
+283,267 
============= 
·20,000 
-265,066 
-21 ,650 
-31.715 
+444,000 
-2,500 
-20,000 
+1 ,310,000 
-7,500 
+1,385,569 
========~==== ============~ ============= ============= ===~========= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6737 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/41  EH06SE17.041lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C - COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Grand total 
Appropriations. 
Resciss1ons 
Emergency appropriations. 
(by transfer) 
(transfer out) FY 2017 
Enacted 
65,218,000 
(66,251 .288) 
(-1 ,142,288) 
(109,000) 
465,164 
-465,164 FY 2018 
Request 
59,941,833 
( 62' 451 '601) 
(-2,509,768) 
763,000 
-763,000 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
54,595,000 -623,000 
(65,719, 199) (-532,089) 
( -1 '124' 199) (+18,089} 
(-109,000} 
153,000 -312' 164 
-153,000 +312, 164 Bill vs. 
Request 
+4,653' 167 
(+3,267,598) 
(+1 ,385,569) 
-610,000 
+610,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6738 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/42  EH06SE17.042lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE 
International Trade Administration 
Operations and administration 
Offsetting fee collections FY 2017 
Enacted 
495,000 
-12,000 FY 2018 
Request 
455,500 
13,000 Bill 
480,000 
13' 000 Bill vs 
Enacted 
-15' 000 
-1 '000 Bi 11 VS. 
Request 
+24,500 
------------ ~ ~ ----- - --- ------------- --~ ----------
Direct appropriation. 
Bureau of Industry and Security 
Operations and administration 
Defense function. 
Total, Bureau of Industry and Security. 
Economic Development Administration 
Economic Development Ass1stance Programs. 
Salaries and expenses 
Total, Economic Development Administration. 
Minority Business Development Agency 
Minority Business Development. Bureau 
of Economic Analysis 
Salaries and expenses 
Bureau of the Census 
Current Surveys and Programs. 
Periodic censuses and programs. 
Total , Bureau of the Census 
National Telecommunications and Information 
Administration 
Salaries and expenses. 
United States Patent and Trademark Office 
Salaries and expenses, current year fee funding .. 
Offsetting fee collections 
Total, United States Patent and Trademark Office 
National Institute of Standards and Technology 
Scientific and Technical Research and Services 
(transfer out) 
Industrial Technology Services 
AdJustment for prior year recoveries. 
Manufacturing extension partnerships. 
National Network for Manufacturing Innovation .. 
Construct1on of research facilities. 
Working Capital Fund (by transfer). 
Total, National Institute of Standards and Technology. 483,000 
76,500 
36,000 
----------- -
112,500 
237,000 
39,000 
~-------
276,000 
34,000 
107,300 
270,000 
1,200,000 
-------------
1,470,000 
32,000 
3,230,000 
-3,230.000 
690,000 
(-9,000) 
153,000 
(-2,000) 
(130,000) 
(25,000) 
109,000 
(9,000) 
952,000 442,500 
75,500 
38,000 
-------------
113,500 
30.000 
-----------
30.000 
6,000 
97,000 
246,000 
1,251,000 
-----------
1,497.000 
36,000 
3,500,000 
-3,500,000 -
-
600,000 
(-9,000) 
21,000 
(6,000) 
I 15, ooo) 
104,000 
(9,000) 
725' 000 467,000 
74,500 
38,000 
----~~----~ 
112,500 140,000 
36,000 
---------- ... -
176' 000 
34,000 
96,000 
256,000 
1,251,000 
------- -- ~ -
1.507,000 
30,000 
3,500,000 
-3,500,000 
660.000 
(-9' 000) 
105,000 
(100,000) 
(5,000) 
100.000 
(9,000) 
865,000 -16' 000 
-2,000 
+2,000 
·~~-~---~----
97,000 
-3,000 
-----------
-100,000 
-11 '300 
-14,000 
+51 ,000 
-----------
+37,000 
-2,000 
+270,000 
-270,000 
-30,000 
-48,000 
(+2,000) 
(-30,000) (-20,000) 
-9,000 
-87,000 +24,500 
-1 '000 
-1 '000 
+140,000 
+6,000 
+146,000 
+28,000 
-1 '000 
+10,000 
--------
+10,000 
-6,000 
+60,000 +84,000 
(+94,000) 
( -10 '000) 
-4,000 
+140,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6739 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/43  EH06SE17.043lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE. JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 
Operations. Research. and Facilities. 
(by transfer). 
Promote and Develop Fund (transfer out) .. 
Subtotal .. 
Procurement, Acquisition and Construction. 
Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery. 
Fishermen's Contingency Fund. 
Fisheries Finance Program Account 
Fisheries Disaster Assistance .. 
Total. National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration 
Departmental Management 
Salaries and expenses. 
Renovation and Modernization .. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Total , Departmental Management .. 
Total. title I, Department of Commerce. (by 
transfer) .. 
(transfer· out) 
TITLE II · DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
General Administration 
Salaries and expenses. 
Justice Information Sharing Technology. 
Total, General Administration. 
Administrative review and appeals. 
Executive Office for Immigration Review .. 
Transfer from immigration examinations fee account 
01rect appropriation. 
Office of Inspector General. 
United States Parole Commission 
Salaries and expenses 
Legal Activities 
Salaries and exoenses, general legal activities. 
Vaccine InJury Compensation Trust Fund. 
Salaries and expenses, Antitrust Division. 
Offsetting fee collections -current year. 
Direct appropriation 
Salaries and expenses. United States Attorneys. 
United States Trustee System Fund. 
Offsetting fee collections .. 
New fees (Sec. 218) (leglSlative proposal). 
Direct appropr1ation. FY 2017 
Enacted 
3,367,875 
( 130' 164) 
(-130,164) 
3,367,875 
2,242,610 
65,000 
350 -410 
-------.. ~ ~ ~ 
5,675,425 
58,000 
4,000 
32,744 
~ -.. ---------
94,744 
=====~:;;;;;::::::;::;::::: 
9,236,969 
139' 164 
-139' 164 
============= 
114 '124 
31 '000 
---------
145' 124 
440,000 
-4,000 
----------
436,000 
95,583 
13,308 
897,500 
10 '000 
164,977 
-125.000 
-------·· 
39 '977 
2,035.000 
225,908 
-163 '000 
------ ~ - - --~ 
62,908 FY 2018 
Request 
2,965,549 
(144,000) 
(-144,000) 
~*~~·~~-~ 
2,965,549 
1,807,801 
349 
-3,000 
-~ -----------
4,770,699 
63,000 
1 '000 
32,000 
96,000 
:;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;: 
7,813,699 
153,000 
-153,000 
::::::::::::::::::;::::::::;;:;:::;:::;::;::;:: 
114,000 
30.941 
-----------
144.941 
505,367 
-4,000 
-------------
501,367 
95,328 
13,283 
899,000 
9,340 
164,663 
-126,000 ----- - -----~ -
38,663 
2,057,252 
225,479 
-135,000 
-150,000 --~ ------. 
-59,521 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
3,240,199 -127,676 +274,650 
(144,000) (+13,836} 
(-144,000) ( 13' 836) 
... ~ ~ --... ~ 
M *--
3 '240' 199 -127,676 +274,650 
1,643,110 -599,500 -164 '691 
65,000 +65,000 350 
+1 
-3,000 -2,590 
20,000 +20,000 +20,000 --------- --.. --. * ~ ---. -
4,965,659 -709,766 +194,960 
58,000 -5,000 
i ,000 -3,000 
32,744 +744 
--~ -------.. -~ ---~ ----
91 '744 -3,000 -4,256 
:::::::::::=:::::::;::;::;.::;::;:::;:::::::: ============= ============= 
8,344,903 -892,066 +531 '204 
153,000 +13,836 
-153.000 -13,836 
::::::::::;:::::::======= ============= ============= 
89,00D -25,124 -25,000 
30,941 -59 
------------- ---------- ---------
119' 941 -25,183 -25,000 
505,367 
504,500 +64,500 +504,500 
-4,000 
------------ -~ --------
500,500 +64,500 -867 
95,583 +255 
13' 000 -308 -283 
897,500 -1 '500 
10,000 +660 
163,980 -997 -683 
-126,000 -1,000 
~ ~ ~ ~ w -- - - - - - - --~ ------
37,980 -1 '997 -683 
2,057,252 +22,252 
225,000 -908 -479 
-135,000 +28,000 
+150,000 ... -- --------------.. ~ --
90,000 +27,092 +149,521 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6740 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/44  EH06SE17.044lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Salaries and expenses, Foreign Claims Settlement 
Commission. Fees and 
expenses of witnesses .. 
Salaries and expenses. Community Relations Service .. 
Assets Forfeiture Fund 
Total, Legal Activities. 
United States Marshals Service 
Salaries and expenses .. 
Construction 
Federal Prisoner Detention. 
Total, United States Marshals Service .. 
National Security Division 
Salaries and expenses. 
Interagency Law Enforcement 
Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement. 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Salaries and expenses. 
Counterintelligence and national security. 
Subtotal, Salar1es and expenses 
Construction 
Transfer from available balances of Working 
Capital Fund 
Subtotal. Construction. 
Total. Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
Salaries and expenses. 
Diversion control fund. 
Total, Drug Enforcement Administration. 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives 
Salaries and expenses. 
Federal Prison System 
Salaries and expenses. 
Buildings and facilities 
Limitation on administrative expenses, Federal Prison 
Industries. Incorporated. 
Total, Federal Prison System. 
State and Local Law Enforcement Activities 
Office on Violence Against Women: 
Prevention and prosecution programs (by 
transfer). 
Crime Victims Fund (transfer out) .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
2,374 
270,000 
15.500 
20,514 
3,353,773 
1 '249' 040 
10' 000 
1,454.414 
2,713,454 
96,000 
517.000 
3,556,853 
5,210,348 
8,767,201 
420,178 
-181 '000 
239' 1 7 8 
9 006,379 
2,485,638 
-382,662 
2,102.976 
1 '258' 600 
7.008.800 
130,000 
2.700 
7' 141 '500 
155,500 
(326,000) 
(-326 '000) FY 2018 
Request 
2,409 
270,000 
14,419 
21 '475 
3,253,037 
1,252,000 
14 '971 
1,536.000 
2,802,971 
101 '031 
526,000 
3,538,751 
5,183,831 
8,722' 582 
51' 895 
51' 895 
8,774,477 
2,583,625 
-419,574 
2,164,051 
1 '273 '776 
7,085,248 
113,000 
2,695 
7.200,943 
35,000 
(445,000) 
( -445' 000) Bill 
2,374 
270,000 
15,000 
20.514 
3,400.620 
1 '255' 000 
10,000 
1,536,000 
2,801,000 
100.000 
526,000 
3,576,143 
5,238,604 
8,814,747 
51,895 
51' 895 
8,866,642 
2,583,625 
-419,574 
2,164,051 
1,293,776 
7,070,248 
95.000 
2,700 
7,167,948 
527,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-500 
+46,847 
+5,960 
+81 ,586 
+87,546 
+4,000 
+9,000 
+19,290 
+28,256 
+47,546 
-368,283 
+181,000 
-187,283 
-139,737 
+97,987 
-36,912 
+61 ,075 
+35' 176 
+61 ,448 
-35,000 
+26,448 
+371,500 
(-326,000) 
(+326,000) Bill vs. 
Request 
-35 
+581 
-961 
+147,583 
+3,000 
-4,971 
-1 '971 
-1 '031 
+37,392 
+54' 773 
+92' 165 
+92' 165 
+20,000 
-15,000 -18,000 
+5 
-32,995 
+492,000 
(-445,000) 
(+445,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6741 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/45  EH06SE17.045lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Off1ce of Justice Programs: 
Research, evaluation and statistics. 
State and local law enforcement assistance. 
Edward Byrne Memorial Grants (P.L. 114-254, 
DivA, Sec. 154) 
(by transfer·). 
Crime Victims Fund (transfer out). 
Juvenile justice programs. 
(by transfer) 
Crime Victims Fund (transfer out). 
Public safety officer benefits. 
Death benefits. 
Disability and education benefits. 
Subtotal . 
Total, Off1ce of Justice Programs .. 
Community Oriented Policing Services: 
COPS programs. 
Total , State and Local Law Enforcement 
Activities. 
Total. title II, Department of Justice .. 
TITLE III -SCIENCE 
Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
Science. 
Aeronautics. 
Space Technology .. 
Exploration 
Space Operations. 
Education. 
Safety, Security and Mission Services. 
Construction and environmental compliance and 
restoration 
Office of Inspector General 
Total. National Aeronaut1cs and Space 
Administration 
National Science Foundation 
Research and related act1vities. 
Defense function 
Subtotal 
Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction. 
Education and Human Resources 
Agency Operations and Award Management. 
Office of the National Science Board 
Office of Inspector General. 
Total, National Science Foundation. 
Total, title III. Science FY 2017 
Enacted 
89,000 
1,258.500 
7,000 
247,000 
73,000 
16,300 
-- ~ ~ -----
89,300 
1 ,690,800 
221 ,500 
-# ------ ~ ----
2,067,800 
=======:::::;;:::;::::::;:;:::::: 
28,947,497 
;;;;:;;:;;;::::::========== 
5.555 
5,764,900 
660,000 
686,500 
4,324,000 4,950,700 
100,000 
2,768,600 
360,700 
37,900 
-~ -~ -----
19.653,300 
5 '966' 125 
67,520 
6,033.645 
209,000 
880,000 
330,000 
4,370 
15,200 
7,472,215 FY 2018 
Request 
111 '000 
867,500 
(73,000) 
(-73,000) 
137,500 
(92,000) 
{-92,000) 
92,000 
16,300 
--- ~ --- -----
108,300 
1 ,224,300 
218,000 
------------
1 ,477,300 
==========:;;;:::::::; 
28,328,505 
=============.: 
5,544 
5, 711,800 
624,000 678,600 
3,934,097 
4,740,803 
37,300 
2.830,200 
496 '100 
39.300 
~-~----~-~ 
19,092,200 
5,290,650 
71 '000 
5,361,650 
182,800 
760,550 
328,510 
4,370 
15' 008 
6,652,888 Bill 
83,000 
1,143,500 
170,500 
92,000 
16,300 --------- --~-
108,300 
1 ,505,300 
234,000 
-----------
2,266,300 
=========::.:::::.:;;;;;:: 
29,315,361 
============= 
5,544 
5,858,500 
660,000 
686,500 
4,550,000 
4,676,634 
90,000 
2,826,200 
486,100 
37,900 
------ ~ -----
19,871,834 
5,962,645 
71 '000 
6,033,645 
77' 800 
880,000 
328,510 
4,370 
15,200 
7,339,525 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-6,000 
-115,000 
-7 000 
-76,500 
+19,000 
----- ---~-
+19,000 
-~ # ~ ------- --
-185,500 
+12,500 
-----------
+198,500 
:::::::::::========== 
+367,864 
============= 
-----11 
+93,600 
+226,000 
-274,066 
-10,000 
+57,600 
+125,400 
--~ ~---
+218,534 
-3.480 
+3,480 
-131 '200 
-1 '490 
-132,690 Bi 11 VS. 
Request 
28,000 
+276,000 
(-73,000) 
(+73,000) 
+33,000 
(-92,000) 
{+92,000) 
-.. ~- ~ --------
----------
+281 ,000 +16,000 
-------------
+789,000 
=:::=========== 
+986,856 
=============:;;: 
+146,700 
+36,000 
+7,900 
+615,903 
-64,169 
+52,700 
-4,000 
-10 '000 
-1 '400 --------" --~ -
+779,634 
+671 ,995 
+671 .995 
-105,000 
+119,450 
+192 
+686,637 
========~==== ============= ============= ============= ============= 
27,131,070 25,750,632 27,216,903 +85,833 +1 ,466,271 
============= ~===:;;;:======== ====~~~~==~=~ ====;==~===== ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6742 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/46  EH06SE17.046lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE. JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE TV RELATED AGENCIES 
Commission on Civil Rights 
Salaries and expenses. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
Salaries and expenses 
International Trade Commission 
Salaries and expenses. 
Legal Services Corporation 
Payment to the Legal Services Corporation. 
Marine Mammal Commission 
Salaries and expenses. 
Office of the U.S. Trade Representative 
Salaries and expenses. 
Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (non-add) .. 
Trade Enforcement Trust Fund 
State Justice Institute 
Salaries and expenses. 
Total, title IV, Related Agencies. 
TITLE V -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
DOC National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
Operations, Research and Facilities (rescission) .. 
DOC National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
Procurement Acquisition and Construction 
( r~esci ss ion) 
Economic Development Assistance Programs (rescission) 
DOJ. Working Capital Fund (rescission). 
DOJ, Assets Forfeiture Fund (rescission, temporary). 
DOJ. Assets Forfeiture Fund (rescission, permanent). 
FBI, Salaries and Expenses· 
(Fees) nondefense (rescission). 
(Fees) defense (rescission) .. 
Nondefense (resciss1on). 
Defense (rescission). 
Federal Prisoner Detention (rescission). 
DOJ. Drug Enforcement Administration (rescission). 
DOJ, Federal Prison System, Buildings and Facilities 
(rescission) 
V1olence against women prevention and prosecution 
programs (rescission) 
Office of Justice programs (rescission). 
Crime Victims Fund (rescission). 
COPS (rescission) 
NASA Emergency Repairs (emergency) .. 
Emergency Law Enforcement Assistance .. 
Total, title V, General Provisions. FY 2017 
Enacted 
9,200 
364,500 
91,500 
385,000 
3 '431 
62,000 
(15,000) 
5' 121 
::::;;:::::::::;;::::::::===== 
920,752 
============= 
-18,000 
-5,000 
10,000 
-300.000 
-302,000 
-201 '196 
-56,798 
-83,202 -20.934 
-30,666 
-24,000 
-12.092 
-3,400 
-10,000 
-50,000 -15,000 
109,000 
15.000 
============= 
-1,018,288 FY 2018 
Request 
9' 183 
363,807 
87,615 
33,000 
2.449 
57,600 
5' 111 
::::-::::::::;:;;::::::::::::;;:;::::;:::;;:;; 
558,765 
============= 
-47,000 
-144,768 
-304,000 
-79,111 
-115,889 
-444,000 
-15,000 -40,000 
-1,310,000 
-10' 000 
============= 
-2,509,768 Bill 
9' 183 
363,807 
92,500 
300,000 
3,431 
53,000 
15' 000 
5,111 
============= 
842,032 
============= 
-20,000 
-47 000 
-409,834 
304,000 
-79' 111 
115,889 
-21.650 
-31. 715 
-17,500 
-60,000 
-17' 500 
==::::========== 
-1 '124' 199 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-17 
-693 
+1 ,000 
-85,000 
-9,000 
{ -15' 000) 
+15,000 
-10 
========::::;:::::::::;;:::;; 
-78,720 
==========:::::::::;; 
-2,000 
+5,000 
-37,000 
-109,834 
+302,000 
-102,804 
-22,313 
-32,687 
-716 
-1 '049 
+24,000 
+12,092 
+3,400 
-7,500 
-10,000 
-2,500 
-109,000 
-15' 000 
:::::::::::;::;:;;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
-105' 911 Bill vs. 
Request 
+4,885 
+267,000 
+982 
-4,600 
+15,000 
============= 
+283,267 
============= 
-20,000 
-265,066 
21 '650 
31 '715 
+444,000 
-2,500 
-20.000 
+1 ,310.000 
-7,500 
+1 ,385,569 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6743 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/47  EH06SE17.047lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (HR. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Grand total . 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
Emergency appropriations .. 
(by transfer) 
(transfer out) .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
65,218,000 
(66,251 ,288) 
(-1,142,288) 
(109,000) 
465,164 
-465,164 FY 2018 
Request 
59,941,833 
(62,451 ,601) 
(-2,509,768) 
763.000 
-763,000 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
64,595,000 -623,000 
(65,719,199) (-532,089) 
( -1 '124' 199) (+18,089) 
( 109,000) 
153,000 -312,164 
-153,000 +312,164 Bill vs 
Request 
+4' 653' 167 
(+3,267,598) 
(+1 ,385,569) 
-610,000 
+610,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6744 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/48  EH06SE17.048lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts •n thousands) 
TITLE -DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE 
Jnternat•onal Trade Administration 
Operations and administration. 
Offsetting fee collections FY 2017 
Enacted 
495,000 
12,000 FY 2018 
Request 
455,500 
-13,000 Bill 
480,000 
-13,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-15,000 
-1 ,OOD Bill vs. 
Request 
+24,500 
~ ------ - ~ ~ -"' ----------_.,. __________ --~ ---------------------
Direct appropriation .. 
Bureau of Industry and Security 
Operations and administration 
Defense function. 
Total, Bureau of Industry and Security. 
Economic Development Administration 
Economic Development Assistance Programs 
Salaries and expenses 
Total. Economic Development Administration. 
Minority Business Development Agency 
Minority Business Development Bureau 
of Economic Analysis 
Salaries and expenses 
Bureau of the Census 
Current Surveys and Programs. 
Periodic censuses and programs 
Total, Bureau of the Census. 
National Telecommunications and Information 
Administration 
Salaries and expenses .. 
United States Patent and Trademark Office 
Salaries and expenses, current year fee funding. 
Offsetting fee collections. 
Total, United States Patent and Trademark Office 
National Institute of Standards and Technology 
Scientific and Technical Research and Services. 
(transfer out). 
Industrial Technology Services. 
Adjustment for prior year recoveries. 
Manufacturing extension partnerships. 
National Network for Manufacturing Innovation 
Construction of research fac1lities. 
\1orking Capital Fund (by transfer) 
Total, National Institute of Standards and Technology. 483,000 
76,500 
36,000 
---------
112.500 
237,000 
39.000 
~ -- ~ --~ --
276 '000 
34,000 
107,300 
270,000 
1,200,000 
---------- --
1,470,000 
32,000 
3,230,000 
-3,230,000 
690,000 
( -9' 000) 
153,000 
(-2,000) 
(130,000) 
(25.000) 
109,000 
(9,000) 
952,000 442.500 
75,500 
38,000 
----------
113,500 
30,000 
~ ----------
30,000 
6,000 
97,000 
246,000 
1 '251 ,000 
-------------
1,497,000 
36,000 
3,500.000 
-3,50D,OOO 
600.000 
(-9,000) 
21 '000 
(6,000) 
(15,000) 
104.000 
(9,000) 
725,000 467,000 
74,500 
38,000 
----------
112,500 140,000 
36.000 
-~ -- - --------
176,000 
34,000 
96,000 
256,000 
'251 '000 ----------
1,507,000 
30,000 
3,500,000 
-3,500,000 
660,000 
( -9' 000) 
105,000 
(100,000) 
(5,000) 
100,000 
(9,000) 
865,000 -16' 000 
-2,000 
+2,000 ---~ ---------
-97,000 
-3,000 
-----------
100,000 
-11,300 
-14,000 
+51 ,000 
-------------
+37,000 
-2,000 
+270,000 
-270,000 
-30.000 
-48.000 
(+2,000) 
(-30,000) 
(-20,000) 
-9,000 
-87,000 +24,500 
-1 ,000 
-1 '000 
+140,000 
+6,000 
-------
+146,000 
+28,000 
-1 '000 
+10,000 
--------
+10,000 
-6,000 
+60,000 
+84,000 
(+94,000) 
(-10,000) 
-4,000 
+140,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6745 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/49  EH06SE17.049lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 
Operations, Research, and Faci 1 it i es 
(by transfer). 
Promote and Develop Fund (transfer out) 
Subtotal .. 
Procurement, Acquisition and Construction. 
Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery. 
Fishermen's Contingency Fund 
Fisheries F1nance Program Account 
Fisheries Disaster Assistance. 
Total. National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration 
Departmental Management 
Salaries and expenses 
Renovation and Modernization. 
Office of Inspector General .. 
Total, Departmental Management. 
Total, title I, Department of Commerce 
(by transfer-) .. 
(transfer out). 
TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
General Administration 
Salaries and expenses. 
Justice Information Sharing Technology. 
Total, General Administration. 
Administrative rev1ew and appeals ....... , , 
Executive Office for Immigration Review. 
Transfer from immigration examinations fee account 
Direct appropriation 
Office of Inspector General 
United States Parole Commission 
Salaries and expenses 
legal Activities 
Salaries and expenses, general legal activities. 
Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
Salaries and expenses. Antitrust Division 
Offsetting fee collections current year. 
Direct appropriation 
Salaries and expenses, United States Attorneys. 
United States Trustee System Fund. 
Offsett1ng fee collections. 
New fees (Sec. 218) (legislative proposal).,. 
Direct appropriation .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
3,367,875 
(130' 164) 
( -130' 164) 
3,367,875 
2,242,610 
65,000 
350 
-410 
5,675,425 
58,000 
4,000 
32,7 44 
94,744 FY 2018 
Request 
2,965,549 
(144,000) 
(-144,000) 
2,965,549 
1,807,801 
349 
-3,000 
4,770,699 
63.000 
1 '000 
32,000 
96,000 Bi 11 
3,240,199 
(144,000) 
( 144,000) 
3,240,199 
1 '643' 110 
65,000 
350 
-3,000 
20,000 
4,965,659 
58,000 
1 '000 
32,744 
91 '744 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-127,676 
(+13,836) 
( 13,836) 
-127,676 
599,500 
-2,590 
+20,000 
-709,766 
-3,000 
·3,000 Bi 11 VS 
Request 
+274,650 
+274.650 
164,691 
+65,000 
+1 
+20,000 
+194,960 
-5,000 
+744 
-4,256 
============~ ============~ ============= ============= ======~====== 
9,236,969 
139' 164 
-139' 164 7,813,699 
153,000 
-153,000 8,344,903 
153,000 
153,000 -892,066 
+13,836 
13,836 +531 '204 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
114,124 
31,000 
145' 124 
440,000 
-4,000 
436,000 
95,583 
13,308 
897,500 
10,000 
164,977 
-125,000 
39' 977 
2,035,000 
225,908 
-163,000 
62,908 114,000 
30,941 
144 '941 
505,367 
-4,000 
501,367 
95,328 
13,283 
899,000 
9,340 
164,663 
-126,000 
38,663 
2,057,252 
225,479 
-135,000 
-150,000 
-59,521 89,000 
30,941 
119,941 
504,500 
-4,000 
500,500 
95,583 
13' 000 
897,500 
10,000 
163,980 
-126,000 
37,980 
2,057,252 
225,000 
-135,000 
90,000 -25' 124 
-59 
25' 183 
+64,500 +64,500 
·308 
-997 
-1 '000 
-1 '997 
+22,252 
-908 
+28,000 
+27,092 -25,000 
-25,000 
-505,367 
+504,500 
-867 
+255 
-283 
-1 '500 
+680 
-683 
-683 
-479 
+150,000 
+149,521 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6746 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/50  EH06SE17.050lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Salaries and expenses, Foreign Claims Settlement 
Commission. 
Fees and expenses of witnesses. 
Salaries and expenses, Community Relations Service .. 
Assets Forfeiture Fund. 
Total, Legal Activities 
United States Marshals Service 
Salaries and expenses 
Const.-uction 
Federal Prisoner Detention. 
Total, United States Marshals Service .. 
National Security Division 
Salaries and expenses .. 
Interagency Law Enforcement 
Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement .. 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Salaries and expenses. 
Counterintelligence and national security. 
Subtotal, Salaries and expenses. 
Construction. 
Transfer from available balances of Working 
Capital Fund. 
Subtotal, Construction. 
Total, Federal Bureau of Investigation .. 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
Salaries and expenses .. 
Diversion control fund. 
Total. Drug Enforcement Administration. 
Bureau of Alcohol. Tobacco. Firearms and Explosives 
Salaries and expenses. 
Federal Prison System 
Salaries and expenses 
Buildings and facilities, 
Limitation on admin•strative expenses, Federal Prison 
Industries. Incorporated. 
Total, Feder'al Prison System. 
State and Local Law Enforcement Act1vities 
Office on Violence Against Women: 
Prevent•on and prosecut1on programs. 
(by Uansfer). 
Crime Victims Fund (transfer out). FY 2017 
Enacted 
2,374 
270,000 
15,500 
20,514 
3,353,773 
1,249,040 
10' 000 
1,454,414 
2,713,454 
96,000 
517,000 
3,556,853 
5,210,348 
8,767.201 
420' 178 -181 
'000 
239,178 
9,006,379 
2,485,638 
-382,662 
2.102,976 
1,258,600 
7,008,800 
130,000 
2.700 
7,141,500 
155,500 
(326,000) 
(-326,000) FY 2018 
Request 
2,409 
270,000 
14,419 
21,475 
3,253,037 
1,252,000 
14,971 
1,536,000 
2,802,971 
101 '031 
526,000 
3,538,751 
5,183,831 
8.722' 582 
51' 895 
51' 895 
8,774,477 
2.583,625 
-419,574 
2,164,051 
1 '273 '776 
7,085,248 
113,000 
2,695 
7,200.943 
35 000 
(445,000) 
(-445,000) Bi 11 
2,374 
270,000 
15' 000 
20,514 
3,400,620 
1,255,000 
10' 000 
1,536,000 
2,801,000 
100,000 
526,000 
3,576,143 
5.238,604 
8,814,747 
51' 895 
51' 895 
8,866,642 
2,583,625 
-419,574 
2,164,051 
1,293,776 
7,070,248 
95,000 
2,700 
7' 167' 948 
527,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-500 
+46,847 
+5,960 
+81 '586 
+87,546 
+4,000 
+9,000 
+19,290 +28,256 
+47,546 
-368,283 
+181,000 
-187,283 
139,737 
+97,987 
-36,912 
+61 '075 
+35' 176 
+61,448 
-35,000 
+26,448 
+371,500 
(-326,000) 
(+326,000) Bill vs. 
Request 
-35 
+581 
-961 
+147,583 
+3,000 
-4,971 
-1 '971 
-1 ,031 
+37,392 
+54' 773 
+92' 165 
+92' 165 
+20,000 
-15,000 -18,000 
+5 
-32,995 
+492,000 
(-445.000) 
(+445,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6747 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/51  EH06SE17.051lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE. SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Justice Programs: 
Research, evaluation and statistics. 
State and local law enforcement assistance 
Edward Byrne Memor1al Grants (P.L. 114-254, 
D i v A , Sec 1 54 ) . 
(by transfer), 
Crime V1ctims Fund (transfer out), 
Juvenile JUStice programs (by 
transfer) 
Crime V1ct1ms Fund (transfer out) 
Public safety officer benefits. 
Death benefits. 
Disability and education benefits 
Subtotal 
Total, Office of Justice Programs. Community 
Oriented Pol1cing Services: 
COPS programs 
Total, State and local law Enforcement 
Activities 
Total, title II, Department of Justice .. 
TITLE III -SCIENCE 
Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
Science. 
Aeronautics 
Space Technology 
Exploration. 
Space Operations 
Educat1on 
Safety, Secur1ty and Mission Services. 
Construction and environmental compliance and 
restoration. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Total, Nat•onal Aeronautics and Space 
Administration. 
National Science Foundation 
Research and related activlties. 
Defense function 
Subtotal. 
Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction .. 
Education and Human Resources 
Agency Operations and Award Management. 
Office of the National Science Board. 
Office of Inspector General 
Total, National Science Foundation .. 
Total, title III, Sc1ence. FY 2017 
Enacted 
89,000 
1 '258' 500 
7,000 
247,000 
73,000 
16,300 
---~ -~ - - --
89,300 
------- ~ ~ 
1 ,690,800 
221 ,500 
---------
2,067,800 
::;;::;::;::;;::;::;;;:;::::::::::::::: 
28,947,497 
============= 
5,555 
5,764 '900 
660,000 
686,500 
4,324,000 
4,950,700 
100,000 
2,768,600 
360,700 
37,900 
--------·-
19,653,300 
5,966,125 
67,520 
6,033,645 
209,000 
880,000 
330,000 
4,370 
15,200 
-------------
7,472,215 
::;::::;::;;:::::;:::::::;:::::::::::-=::::;::::; 
27,131,070 
::::::::;:::::::::======== FY 2018 
Request 
111 '000 
867,500 
(73,000) 
(-73,000) 
137,500 
(92,000) 
(-92,000) 
92,000 
16,300 
-----------~ .. 
108,300 
1 ,224,300 
218,000 
--------
1 ,477,300 
============= 
28,328,505 
============"!:: 
5,544 
5, 711,800 624,000 678,600 
3,934,097 
4,740,803 
37,300 
2,830,200 
496,100 
39,300 
----------- -
19,092,200 
5,290,650 
71,000 
5,361,650 
182,800 
760,550 
328,510 
4,370 
15,008 
----------
6,652,888 
===========~= 
25,750,632 
::::;:;;::;::::;::;::::;:::::::;::;:::;::::;:::::::: Bill 
83,000 
1 '143' 500 
170,500 
92,000 
16' 300 
~ ------------
108,300 
1 ,505,300 
234,000 ------------
2,266,300 
============= 
29,315,361 
============= 
5,544 
5,858,500 
660,000 686,500 
4,550,000 
4,676,634 
90,000 
2 ,826,200 
486' 100 
37,900 
-----------
19,871,834 
5,962,645 
71 '000 
6,033,645 
77' 800 
880,000 
328,510 
4,370 
15' 200 
-------------
7,339,525 
============= 
27,216,903 
;;:::;;::;::;;:::;:::;::::;::::;::;::::;::;::::;::::;:: Bi 1l vs. 
Enacted 
-6,000 
-115,000 
7,000 
-76,500 
+19,000 
--------
+19,000 
.. ----- ~ ~ -~ --
-185,500 
+12,500 
+198,500 
====;.::======== 
+367,864 
============= 
-11 
+93,600 
+226,000 
-274,066 
-10,000 
+57,600 
+125,400 
------- -----
+218,534 
3,480 
+3,480 --- ~ ------
131 '200 
1 '490 
-----------
132,690 
============= 
+85,833 
============= Bill vs. 
Request 
-28,000 
+276,000 
( 73,000) 
(+73,000) 
+33,000 
(-92,000) 
(+92,000) 
-~ ---~ --
~ .. ------
+281 ,000 
+16,000 -------------
+789,000 
==::========== 
+986,856 
::::::;::;========== 
+146,700 
+36,000 
+7,900 
+615,903 
64' 169 
+52,700 
-4,000 
-10,000 
-1 '400 
------
+779,634 
+671 ,995 
-------------
+671 ,995 
-105,000 
+119,450 
+192 
+686,637 
:::::::::::::::;:;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;;::: 
+1 ,466,271 
=====:::::=::===== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6748 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/52  EH06SE17.052lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE IV -RELATED AGENCIES 
Commission on Civil Rights 
Salaries and expenses 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
Salaries and expenses 
International Trade Commission 
Salaries and expenses 
Legal Services Corporation 
Payment to the Legal Services Corporation. 
Marine Mammal Commission 
Salaries and expenses. 
Off1ce of the U S. Trade Representative 
Salaries and expenses. 
Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (non-add) .. 
Trade Enforcement Trust Fund .. 
State Justice Institute 
Salaries and expenses 
Total, title IV, Related Agencies. 
TITLE V -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
DOC National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
Operations. Research and Facilities (rescission). 
DOC National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
Procurement Acquisition and Construction 
(rescission) 
Economic Development Assistance Programs (rescission), 
DOJ, Working Capital Fund (rescission) .. 
DOJ, Assets Forfeiture Fund (rescission, temporary) 
DOJ, Assets Forfeiture Fund (rescission, permanent). 
FBI, Salaries and Expenses. (Fees) 
nondefense (rescission). 
(Fees) defense (rescission). 
Nondefense (rescission) 
Defense (resciss1on) 
Federal Prisoner Detention (rescission). 
DOJ, Drug Enforcement Administration (rescission) 
DOJ, Federal Prison System, Buildings and Facilities 
(rescission). 
Violence against women prevention and prosecution 
programs (rescission). 
Office of Just1ce programs (rescission) 
Crime Victims Fund (rescission) 
COPS (rescission). 
NASA Emergency Repairs (emergency) Emergency 
Law Enforcement Assistance. 
Total, title V, General Provisions. FY 2017 
Enacted 
9,200 
364,500 
91,500 
385,000 
3,431 
62,000 
(15,000) 
5' 121 
============= 
920,752 
======:::::::::;:;;;:::::::::: 
-18,000 
·5,000 
-10 '000 
-300,000 
302,000 
-201 '196 
-56,798 -83,202 
-20,934 
-30,666 
-24,000 
-12' 092 
-3,400 
-10' 000 
-50,000 
-15,000 
109,000 
15' 000 
============= 
-1,018,288 
============= FY 2018 
Request 
9' 183 
363,807 
87,615 
33.000 
2,449 
57,600 
5,111 
=============-
558,765 
============= 
-47,000 
-144,768 
-304,000 
. 79' 111 
-115,889 
-444,000 
-15,000 
-40,000 
·1 ,310,000 
-10' 000 
===========.::= 
·2,509,768 
============= Bi 11 
9' 183 
363,807 
92,500 
300,000 
3,431 
53,000 
15,000 
5' 111 
============= 
842,032 
============= 
-20,000 
-47,000 
-409,834 
-304,000 
-79' 111 
-115,889 
-21 '650 
-31 '715 
·17' 500 
-60,000 -17,500 
============= 
1,124,199 
============= Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-17 
-693 
+1 ,000 +4,885 
-85,000 +267,000 
+982 
-9,000 -4,600 
( -15. 000) 
+15,000 +15,000 
-10 
======::::::;::::::::::::::::: ============= 
-78,720 +283,267 
============= ============= 
2,000 -20,000 
+5,000 
-37,000 
109,834 -265,066 
+302,000 
-102,804 
·22,313 
-32,687 
-716 -21 '650 
-1 '049 -31 '715 
+24,000 
+12.092 
+3,400 +444,000 
-7,500 -2,500 
-10,000 -20,000 
+1 ,310,000 
-2,500 -7.500 
-109.000 
-15,000 
:::.::::::::::::::::::::;::::;;;::::;:;:::::: ============= 
105,911 +1 ,385,569 
============= :::::::::::::::;;:::;;;:;:;;;:;:::;:::;:::;:: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6749 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/53  EH06SE17.053lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C -COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE. AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Grand total. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions 
Emergency appropriations. 
(by transfer), 
(transfer out) FY 2017 
Enacted 
65,218,000 
(66 '251 '288) 
(-1,142,288) 
(109,000) 
465,164 
-465' 1 64 FY 2018 
Request 
59,941,833 
(62,451,601) 
(-2,509,768) 
763,000 
-763,000 Bi 1l 
64,595,000 
(65,719,199) 
( -1 '124' 199) 
153,000 
-153,000 Bill VS, 
Enacted 
-623,000 
(-532,089) 
(+18,089) 
( 109,000) 
-312' 164 +312' 164 Bill VS. 
Request 
+4,653, 167 
(+3,267,598) 
(+1 ,385,569) 
-610,000 
+610,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6750 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/54  EH06SE17.054lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION D -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS, 2018 (H R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY 
Departmental Offices 
Salaries and Expenses 
Office of Terror1sm and F1nancial Intelligence .. 
Cybersecurity Enhancement Account 
Department-wide Systems and Capital Investments 
Programs 
Office of Inspector General 
Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration. 
Spec1al Inspector General for TARP 
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. 
Subtotal, Departmental Offices 
Treasury Forfeiture Fund (rescission) 
Treasury Forfeiture Fund (rescission) (temporary). 
Total, Departmental Offices 
Bureau of the F1scal Service .. 
Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau. 
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund 
Program Account 
Payment of Government Losses in Shipment. 
Total, Department of the Treasury, non-IRS. 
Internal Revenue Service 
Taxpayer Services 
Enforcement 
Subtotal . 
Operations Support. 
Subtotal. 
Business Systems Modernization. 
General Provision (Sec. 115) 
Total, Internal Revenue Service. 
Total. t1tle I, Department of the Treasury. 
Appropriations 
Rescissions. 
(Mandatory) . 
(D·iscretionary). FY 2017 
Enacted 
224,376 
123,000 
47,743 
3,000 
37,044 
169,634 
41 '160 
115,003 
-------------
760,960 
-314,000 
801,000 
-------------
-354,040 
353,057 
111 '439 
248,000 
2,000 
~~-w~~~------
360,456 
2,156,554 
4,860,000 4,860,000 
3,638,446 3,638,446 
290,000 290,000 
11,235,000 
11,595,456 
(12, 710,456) 
( -1 '115 '000) 
(2,000) 
(11,593,456) FY 2018 
Request 
201 '751 
116' 778 
27,264 
4,426 
34' 112 
161 '113 
20.297 
112,764 
-------------
678,505 
-876,000 
-------------
-197,495 
330 ,837 
98. 658 
14,000 
2,000 -~ -----------
248,000 
2,212,311 
4,706,500 
4,706,500 
3 '946' 189 
3,946,189 
110,000 
10,975,000 
11 '223' 000 
(12,099,000) 
(-876,000) 
(2,000) 
( 11 '2 21 ' 000) Bi 11 
201 '751 
123,000 
27,264 
3, 077 
34' 112 
165' 113 
37,044 
115,003 
-------------
706,364 
-876,000 
-------------
-169,636 
330,837 
111 '439 
190,000 
2,000 
-------------
464,640 
2,315,754 
4,810,000 4,810,000 
3,850,189 
3,850,189 
110,000 
11,085,943 
11 '550' 583 
(12,426,583) 
(-876,000) 
(2,000) 
(11 ,548,583) B'ill vs 
Enacted 
-22,625 
-20,479 
+77 
-2,932 
-4,521 
-4' 116 
-- ~ --- ------
-54,596 
-562,000 
+801,000 
-------------
+184,404 
-22,220 
-58,000 
~ -----~ -- --~ ~ 
+104,184 
+159,200 
-50,000 
50,000 
+211,743 
+211,743 
-180,000 
-290,000 -149,057 
-44,873 
(-283,873) 
(+239,000) 
(-44,873) Bi 11 VS 
Request 
+6,222 
-1 '349 
+4,000 
+16,747 
+2,239 
~ ------ --- - --
+27,859 
-------------
+27,859 
+12,781 
+176,000 
~ -~ ---- ------
+216,640 +103,443 +103,500 +103,500 
-96,000 -96,000 
+110,943 
+327,583 
(+327,583) (+327,583) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6751 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/55  EH06SE17.055lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION D -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS. 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS 
APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT 
The White House 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Executive Residence at the White House: 
Operating Expenses. 
White House Repair and Restoration. 
Subtotal. 
Council ot Economic Advisers. 
National Security Council and Homeland Security 
Council 
Office of Administration 
Pres1dential Trans1tion Administrative Support .. 
Total. The \.Jhite House. 
Office of Management and Budget. 
Office of National Drug Control Policy 
Salaries and Expenses High 
Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program 
Other Federal Drug Control Programs 
Total. Office of National Drug Control Policy .. 
Unanticipated Needs 
Information Technology Oversight and Reform. 
Special Assistance to the President and Official 
Residence of the Vice President: 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Operating Expenses. 
Subtota 1 . FY 2017 
Enacted 
55,214 
12' 723 
750 
13,473 
4,201 
12,000 
101.041 
7.582 
193.511 
95,000 
19,274 
254,000 
114.871 
388,145 
800 
27,000 
4,228 
299 
4,527 FY 2018 
Request 
55,000 
12,917 
750 
13,667 
4,187 
13.500 
100,000 
--------- ~ ~ 
186.354 
103,000 
18,400 
246,525 
103,662 
------~ 
368.587 
798 
25,000 
4,288 
302 
4,590 Bi 11 
55.000 
12,917 
750 
13.667 
4. 187 
11.800 
100,000 
~ -~ --- ~ ---
184,654 
100,000 
18,400 
254.000 
108,843 -------------
381,243 
798 
20,000 
4,288 
302 
4,590 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-214 
+194 +194 
14 
-200 
1 '041 
-7,582 -8,857 
+5,000 
-874 
-6,028 
-6,902 
-2 
•7,000 
+60 
+3 
+63 Bill vs. 
Request 
-1.700 
~~~~~··~ 
-1.700 -3,000 
+7,475 
+5 ,181 
--~--~-~·~-·~ 
+12,656 
-5,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Total, title II. Executive Office of the 
President and Funds Appropriated to the 
President. 
TITLE III -THE JUDICIARY 
Supreme Court of the United States 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of Justices. 
Other salaries and expenses. 
Subtotal. 
Care of the Building and Grounds .. 
Total , Supreme Cou.-t of the United States. 708,983 
3,000 
76,668 
---- - - -----~ -
79,668 
14' 868 
94,536 688,329 691 '285 ·17,698 +2,956 
3,000 3' 000 
78,538 78.538 +1,870 
. ~ ------ ----
81.538 81,538 +1 ,870 
15,689 15,000 +132 689 
--~ .. ~~-~--~~~ 
97,227 96,538 +2,002 -689 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6752 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/56  EH06SE17.056lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION D -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS, 2018 (H R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Salaries of Judges 
Other salar1es and expenses .. 
Total. United States Court of Appeals for the 
Federal Circuit. 
United States Court of International Trade 
Salaries and Expenses 
Salar1es of Judges. 
Other salaries and expenses 
Total, U.S. Court of International Trade. 
Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial 
Services Salar1es 
and Expenses: 
Salar1es of judges and bankruptcy judges. 
Other salar1es and expenses .. 
Subtotal. 
Vaccine InJury Compensation Trust Fund .. 
Defender Services 
Fees of Jurors and Commissioners. 
Court Security. 
Total, Courts of Appeals. District Courts, and 
Other Judicial Services. 
Adm1nistrative Off1ce of the United States Courts 
Salaries and Expenses 
Federal Judicial Center 
Salaries and Expenses. 
United States Sentencing Commission 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Total, title III. the Judiciary ... 
(Mandatory) .. 
(Discretionary) FY 2017 
Enacted 
3,000 
30' 108 
33, 108 
2,000 
18,462 
-------------
20,462 
424,000 
4,996,445 
-------------
5,420,445 
6,510 
,044,647 
39,929 
565,388 
-------------
7,076,919 
87,500 
28,335 
18,100 
============= 
7,358,960 
(432,000) 
(6,926,960) 
============= FY 2018 
Request 
3,000 
31 , 075 
34,075 
1, 000 
18,649 
-------------
19,649 
435,000 
5,168,974 
-------------
5,603,974 
8,221 
1, 132' 284 
52,673 
583,799 
-----------
7,380,951 
90,339 
29,082 
18,576 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::;:::;:;:::;::: 
7,669,899 
(442,000) 
(7,227,899) 
============= Bill 
3,000 
30,592 
33,592 
1 '000 
18,556 
-------------
19,556 
435,000 
5,082,710 
-------------
5,517,710 
7,366 
1 '11 0' 375 
39,929 
574,593 
-------------
7,249,973 
87,920 
28,708 
18,338 
:::;:::::::::::::::::::;:::::;:::;:;;;_;:::;:: 
7,534,625 
(442,000) 
(7,092,625) 
==========:::::::::: Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+484 
+484 
-1 '000 
+94 
-------------
-906 
+11 '000 
+86,265 
-------------
+97,265 
+856 
+65,728 
+9,205 
----------
+173,054 
+420 
+373 +238 
:::;::;;-:::;;::::;:::::::::;:;:::;::;:::;:::; 
+175,665 
(+10,000) 
(+165,665) 
============= Bill vs. 
Request 
-483 
483 
-93 
-------------
-93 
-86,264 
-------------
-86,264 
-855 -21 
'909 
-12 ,7 44 
-9,206 
-------------
-130,978 
-2,419 
-374 
-238 
::;;:;:::;::;;:;:::;:::;:::::::;:::;:::;:::;:::;:::; 
-135,274 
(-135,274) 
============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6753 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/57  EH06SE17.057lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION 0 -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE IV -DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
Federal Payment for Resident Tuit1on Support. 
Federal Payment for Emergency Planning and Security 
Costs in the District of Columbia 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts. 
Federal Payment for Defender Services in District of 
Columbia Courts 
Federal Payment to the Court Services and Offender 
Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Public 
Defender Serv1ce. 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Water and 
Sewer Authority .. 
Federal Payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating 
Counc i 1 
Federal Payment for Judicial Commissions. 
Federal Payment for School Improvement 
Federal Payment for the D C. National Guard. 
Federal Payment for Testing and Treatment of HIV/AIDS. 
Total, Title IV, District of Columbia. FY 2017 
Enacted 
40,000 
34,895 
274,611 
49,890 
248,008 
41 '829 
14,000 
2,000 
585 
45,000 
450 
5,000 
756,268 FY 2018 
Request 
30,000 
13,000 
265,400 
49,890 
244.298 
40,082 
8,500 
1 '900 
565 
45,000 
435 
5.000 
704,070 Bi 11 
30,000 
13,000 
265,400 
49,890 
244,298 
40. 082 
1 '900 
565 
45,000 
435 
5,000 
695,570 Bi 11 VS. 
Enacted 
-10' 000 -21 
'895 
-9,211 
-3,710 
-1 ,747 
-14,000 
-100 
-20 -15 
-60,698 Bill vs. 
Request 
-8,500 
-8,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6754 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/58  EH06SE17.058lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION D FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE V OTHER INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Administrative Conference of the United States. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission Consumer 
Product Safety Commission 
Election Ass1stance Commission. 
Federal Communications Commission 
Salaries and Expenses 
Offsett1ng fee collections .. 
Direct appropriation 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
Office of Inspector General (by transfer). 
Deposit Insurance Fund (transfer) 
Federal Election Commission. 
Federal Labor Relations Authority. 
Federal Trade Commission 
Salaries and Expenses 
Offsetting fee collections (mergers) 
Offsetting fee collections (telephone) 
Direct appropriation. 
General Services Administration 
Federal Buildings Fund 
Limitations on Availability of Revenue: 
Construction and acquisition of facilities .. 
Repairs and alterations 
Rental of space. 
Building operations 
Subtotal, Limitations on Availability of 
Revenue. 
Rental income to fund 
Total, Federal Buildings Fund 
Government-wide Policy. 
Operating Expenses. 
Civilian Board of Contract Appeals 
Office of Inspector General 
Allowances and Office Staff for Former Presidents 
Federal Citizen Services Fund. 
Expenses. Presidential Transition .. 
Information Technology Modernization Fund. 
Civilian Cyber Campus (rescission). 
GSA -FBI Headquarters (rescission). 
Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund. 
Environmental Review Improvement Fund. 
Total, General Services Admin·istration. FY 2017 
Enacted 
3' 100 
250,000 
126,000 
9.600 
356,711 
-356,711 
-~ -~ --------
(35,958) 
(-35,958) 
79' 119 
26,200 
313,000 
-125,000 
-15,000 
~ ~ ---- ~ ---. 
173,000 
205,749 
676,035 
5,628,363 
2,335,000 
----------- -
8,845,147 
-10,178,338 -~ ---------
-1 '333' 191 
60,000 
58,541 
65,000 
3,865 
55,894 
9,500 
-15' 000 
-1,095,391 FY 2018 
Request 
3,094 
123,000 
9.200 
322,035 
-322.035 
( 39' 136) (-
39' 136) 
71 '250 
26,200 
306,317 
-126,000 
16,000 
----------
164 '317 
790,491 
1,444,494 
5,493,768 
2' 221 ,766 
------------
9,950,519 
-9,950,519 
53,499 
45,645 
8.795 
65,000 
4,754 
53,741 
228,000 
40.000 
10,000 
-------w- ' 
509,434 Bill 
3' 100 
123,000 
7,000 
322,035 
-322,035 
~ -------
(39' 136) ( 
-39, 136) 
71 '250 
26,200 
306,317 
-126,DOO 
-16' 000 
~ ~ ----------.. 
164,317 
180,000 
5,462,345 
2 '221 ,766 
-----------
7,864,111 
-9,950,519 ---------~ ---
-2,086,408 
53,499 
45,645 
8,795 
65,000 
4, 754 
53.741 
-200,000 
10' 000 
1 '000 
-2,043,974 Bi 11 VS. 
Enacted 
-250,000 
-3,000 
-2,600 
-34,676 
+34,676 
~ -- ~ -~ -------
(+3' 178) 
(-3' 178) 
-7. 869 
-6,683 
-1 '000 
-1.000 
.. -~ ~ ~ -- ---- ~ -
-8,683 
-205,749 
496,035 
-166.018 
-113,234 
----------
-981,036 
+227,819 
_.., ____ -
-753,217 
-6,501 
-12,896 
+8,795 
+889 
2' 153 
-9,500 
+15,000 
-200,000 
+10,000 
+1 ,000 
-w ~ ------
-948,583 Bill vs. 
Request 
+6 
-2,200 
.. .... .,., .. _______ 
-790,491 
-1 '264 '494 
-31 '423 
------- .. -----
-2,086,408 
2,086,408 
-228,000 
-200,000 
-30,000 
-9,000 
.. £ .. ~ -~ -~ ---
-2,553,408 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6755 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/59  EH06SE17.059lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION D -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation. 
Merit Systems Protection Board 
Salaries and Expenses 
Limitation on administrative expenses .. 
Total. Merit Systems Protection Board. 
Morris K Udall and Stewart L Udall Foundation 
Mor-r1 s K. Udall and Stewart L Udall Trust Fund 
Environmental Dispute Resolution Fund 
Total. Morris K. Udall and Stewart L Udall 
Foundation 
National Archives and Records Administration 
Operating Expenses 
Reduct1on of debt. 
Subtotal .. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Repairs and Restoration 
National Historical Publications and Records 
Commission Grants Program. 
Total. National Archives and Records 
Administration. 
NCUA Community Development Revolving Loan Fund. 
Office of Government Ethics. 
Office of Personnel Management 
Salaries and Expenses 
Limitation on administrative expenses. 
Subtotal, Salaries and Expenses 
Office of Inspector General. 
Limitation on administrative expenses .. 
Subtotal, Office of Inspector General. 
Total, Office of Personnel Management. FY 2017 
Enacted 
1 '000 
44,786 
2.345 
4 7 '131 
1 '895 
3,249 
5' 144 
380,634 
-23,049 
357,585 
4' 801 
7,500 
6,000 
375,886 
2,000 
16,090 
119.000 
140,000 
259.000 
5,072 
25' 112 
30' 184 
289,184 FY 2018 
Request 
44,490 
2,345 
46,835 
1 '975 
3,366 
5' 341 
364,308 
-25,050 
339,258 
4 '241 
7,500 
350,999 
16,439 
148,341 
131 '414 
279,755 
5,000 
25,000 
30,000 
309,755 Bi 11 
1 '000 
44,490 
2,345 
46,835 
364,308 
-25,050 
339,258 
4,241 
7,500 
4,000 
354,999 
2,000 
16,439 
129,341 
131 '414 
260,755 
5,000 
25,000 
30,000 
290,755 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
-296 
-296 
-1 '895 
-3,249 
-5' 144 
-16,326 
-2,001 
-18,327 
-560 
-2,000 
-20,887 
+349 
+10,341 
-8,586 
+1 ,755 
-72 
-112 
-184 
+1 '571 Bill vs. 
Request 
+1 '000 
-1 '975 
-3,366 
-5,341 
+4,000 
+4,000 +2,000 
-19,000 
-19,000 
-19,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6756 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/60  EH06SE17.060lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION D -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS, 2018 (H R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Special Counsel. 
Postal Regulatory Commission .. 
Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board .. 
Public Build1ng Reform Board 
Securit1es and Exchange Commission 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Information Technology. 
Headquarters Lease. 
Subtotal, Securities and Exchange Commission 
SEC fees 
SEC Reserve Fund (resc1ssion). 
Selective Serv1ce System 
Small Business Administration 
Salaries and expenses 
Entrepreneurial Development Programs. 
Office of Inspector General 
Office of Advocacy. 
Business Loans Program Account: 
Direct loans subsidy. 
Administrative expenses 
Total, Business loans program account .. 
Disaster Loans Program Account: 
Administrative expenses 
Total, Small Business Administration. 
General Prov1sion (rescission) (Sec 531) 
United States Postal Service 
Payment to the Postal Service Fund. 
Total, Payment to the Postal Service Fund 
Office of Inspector General .. 
Total, United States Postal Service. 
United States Tax Court FY 2017 
Enacted 
24,750 
16,200 
10' 100 
,605,000 
,605,000 
-1,605,000 
-25,000 
22,900 
269,500 
245' 1 00 
19,900 
9,220 
4,338 
152,726 
157,064 
185,977 
886,761 
-55,000 
34,658 
34,658 
253,600 
288,258 
51' 226 FY 2018 
Request 
26,535 
14 '440 
8,000 
2,000 
1,602,000 
244,507 
1,846,507 
-1,846,507 
-25,000 
22,900 
265,000 
192,450 
19,900 
9' 120 
3,438 
152,782 
156,220 
186,458 
829,148 
58' 118 
58.118 
234,650 
292,768 
53' 185 Bill 
24,750 
15,200 
8,000 
5,000 
1,602,000 
50,000 
244,507 
1 '896' 507 
-1 '896' 507 
-75,000 
22,900 
265,000 
211 '100 
19,900 
9' 120 
3,438 
152,782 
156,220 
186,458 
847,798 
58' 118 
58' 118 
234,650 
292,768 
51' 100 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-1 '000 
2' 100 
+5,000 
-3,000 
+50,000 
+244,507 
+291,507 
-291 '507 
-50,000 
-4,500 
34,000 
100 
·900 
+56 
·844 
+481 
-38,963 
+55,000 
+23,460 
+23,460 
-18' 950 
+4,510 
-126 Bill vs. 
Request 
-1 '785 
+760 
+3,000 
+50,000 
+50,000 
-50,000 -50,000 
+18,650 
+18,650 
-2,085 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Total, title V, Independent Agencies. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions 
(by transfer). 
(Discretionary). 1 '528 '258 
(1,623,258) 
( -95 '000) 
(35,958) 
(1,528,258) 2,859,840 
(2,884,840) 
(-27,600} 
( 39' 136) 
(2,859,840) 255,437 
(530,437) 
( -277' 600} 
(39' 136} 
(255,437) -1 '272' 821 
( -1 '092' 821) 
( -182, 600) 
(+3' 178) 
1,272,821) -2,604,403 
(·2,354,403) 
(-250,000) 
(-2,604,403) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6757 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/61  EH06SE17.061lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION D -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS, 2018 (H.R 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Mandatory appropriations (Sec. 619). 
PCA Overs1ght Board scholarships (sec. 620) 
SBA 503 Unobligated balances (sec. 620) FY 2017 
Enacted 
21 '376' 450 
1 '000 FY 2018 
Request 
21,800,000 
-2,600 Bill 
21,800,000 
2,600 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+423,550 
-1 '000 
-2,600 Bill vs. 
Request 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Total, title VI, General Provisions. 
TITLE IX -OTHER MATTERS 
Other matters. 
Total, title IX. Other Matters. 
Grand total 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
(by transfer·) 
Discretionary total 21,377,450 
43,325,375 
(44,535,375) 
(-1,210,000) 
(35,958) 
21,514,925 21 '797' 400 
44,942,538 
(45,846,138) 
(-903,600) 
( 39.136) 
22,697,538 21 '797 ,400 
-50,000 -50,000 
42,474,900 
(43,628,500) 
(-1 ,153,600) 
( 39' 136) 
20,230,900 +419,950 
-50,000 -50,000 
-850,475 
(-906,875) 
(+56,400) 
(+3' 178) 
-1,284,025 -50,000 
-50,000 
-2,467,638 
(-2,217,638) 
(-250,000) 
-2,466,638 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6758 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/62  EH06SE17.062lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H,R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, OPERATIONS, 
INTELLIGENCE, & INSIGHT 
Office of the Secretary and Executive Management 
Operations and Support 
Total, Office of the Secretary and Executive 
Management, Management 
Directorate 
Operations and Support, 
Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
Construction and Facility Improvements, Miss1on 
Support Assets and Infrastructure, 
Subtotal, Procurement, Construction, and Improvements, 
Research and Development 
Subtotal, Research and Development 
Total, Management Directorate, 
Intell1gence, Analysis, and Operations Coordination 
Operations and Support 
Subtotal, Operations and Support, 
Total, Intelligence, Analys1s, and Operations 
Coord1nation 
Office of Inspector General 
Operations and Support 
Subtotal , Operations and Support, 
(Transfer from Disaster Relief Fund), 
Total, Off1ce of Inspector General, 
(By transfer), 
Gross Budget Authority, Office of Inspector 
General , 
Total, Title I, Departmental Management, 
Operations, Intelligence, and Oversight. 
(Discretionary Funding), 
By transfer FY 2017 
Enacted 
137,034 
-------------
137,034 
597,817 
18,839 
18,839 
2,500 
------------
2,500 
----------
619' 156 
263,551 
-------------
263,551 
-------------
263,551 
175,000 
175,000 
175,000 
(175,000) 
==========::::== 
1,194,741 
(1 '194 '741) 
:;::;::::;:;::;::;::;:;:::;::;::::;::;:::; FY 2018 
Request 
130,307 
-------------
130,307 
696' 131 
69,988 
------· 
69,988 
2,545 2,545 
768,664 
252,405 
-------------
252,405 
--------
252,405 
133,974 133,974 
(24,000) 
133,974 
(24,000) 
(157,974) 
====:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;;:; 
1,285,350 
(1 '285' 350) 
24,000 
======::::::::===== Bill 
138,997 
-------------
138,997 
696' 131 
27,755 
27,755 
2,545 
-------------
2,545 
726, 431 
252,405 
-------------
252,405 
-------------
252,405 
154,830 --------
154,830 
154 ,830 
(154,830) 
;;::;:::;:::::::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
1,272,663 
(1,272,663) 
=====:::::======= Bill vs, 
Enacted 
+1 '963 -------------
+1 '963 
+98,314 
+8,916 ------~ 
+8,916 
+45 --------- -·· 
+45 
+107,275 
"11 '146 -------------
-11 '146 
------------
-11,146 
-20' 170 -------------
-20,170 
-20' 170 
(-20,170) 
+77,922 
(+77,922) 
=========::::=== B i 11 vs 
Request 
+8,690 
-------------
+8,690 
-42,233 -42,233 
-------------
----------
·42,233 
-------------
-------------
+20,856 --------- -·· 
+20,856 
(-24 '000) 
+20,856 
(-24,000) 
( -3' 144) 
============= 
-12,687 
(-12,687) 
-24,000 
::::::::=========== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6759 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/63  EH06SE17.063lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE II SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS 
U S Customs and Border Protection 
Operations and Support 
Border Security Operations 
U S. Border Patrol 
Operations 
(UAC Contingency Fund). 
Assets and Support 
Office of Training and Development .. 
Subtotal, Border and Security Operations 
Trade and Travel Operations 
Office of Field Operat1ons 
Domestic Operations. 
International Operations. 
Targeting Operations. 
Assets and Support 
Office of Trade. 
Office of Training and Development. 
Subtotal, Trade and Travel Operations. 
Integrated Operations 
Air and Marine Operations 
Operations 
Assets and Support, 
Air and Marine Operations Center .. 
Office of International Affairs. 
Office of Intelligence. 
Office of Train1ng and Development. 
Operations Support 
Subtotal, Integrated Operations. 
Mission Support 
Enterprise Services 
{Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund) 
Office of Professional Responsibility 
Executive Leadership and Oversight., 
Subtotal, M1ssion Support 
Adjustment to Base Pay Reduction 
Subtotal. Operations and Support 
Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
Border Security Assets and Infrastructure. 
Trade and Travel Assets and Infrastructure ... 
Integrated Operations Assets and Infrastructure 
Airframes and Sensors 
Watercraft 
Other Systems and Assets 
Operational Communicat1ons/Information Technology. 
Construction and Facility Improvements. 
Mission Support Assets and Infrastructure. 
Subtotal, Pr·ocurement, Construct·ion, and Improvements 
11 The House passed 1.571 bn for Customs and Border 
Protection/Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
in the Department of Homeland Security 
Border Infrastructure Construction Appropriations 
Act, 2018 (H.R. 3219, Div E) FY 2017 
Enacted 
3,715,004 
571.218 
54,221 
-------------
4,340,443 
2 ,759 '300 
131.425 
149 '773 
901 '981 
192,330 
50,354 
4,185,163 
266,764 
525,847 
45' 138 
36,513 
58,492 
5,807 
93,259 
,031.820 
1,348,591 
(3,274) 
175,524 
93,908 
-- - ~ ------- - -
1 '618 ,023 
--- - ~ --------
11,175,449 
533,042 
71 '142 
116,058 
20' 775 
30,000 
---~-~---~~~-
771 '017 FY 2018 
Request 
3,787,694 
670,895 
77 '512 
-------------
4,536,101 
2,681,171 
142,272 
236,572 
840,315 
263,301 
47' 186 
4,210,817 
311 '136 
520,046 
46' 183 
39,784 
50,984 
6,534 
103 '571 
~ ~ ---M - - - - -- -
1,078,238 
1 '460' 254 
(3,274) 
204,679 
102,252 
- ---- - --~ ----
1,767,185 
-------------
11 '592 '341 1 
'715' 163 
109,240 
137,335 
3,573 
12,200 
59,775 
26,433 
---------"' ~ --
2,063,719 Bi ·11 
3,787,694 
653,895 
77,512 
-------------
4. 519' 101 
2,833,171 
142,272 
221 '572 
840,315 
252,926 
47' 186 
4,337,442 
301,414 
520,046 
46' 183 
39,784 
50,984 
6,534 
103,571 
1,068,516 1,459,325 
(3,274) 
201 '679 
102,252 
-------------
1 ,763' 256 
-135,000 -------------
11,553,315 
1 '702, 163 
109,240 
106,335 
3,573 
1 '200 
59.775 
26,433 
---- ~ ~ -----
2,008,719 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+72,690 
+82,677 
+23,291 
-------------
+178' 658 +73,871 
+10,847 +71,799 
-61 '666 
+60,596 
-3' 168 
-~~-~~~~ 
+152,279 
+34,650 
-5,801 
+1 '045 
+3,271 
-7.508 
+727 
+10,312 
~ -" --~ --~ ---
+36,696 
+110,734 
+26,155 
+8,344 
- - - ~ ----~ ----
+145,233 
-135,000 
-------------
+377,866 
+1 '169. 121 
+38,098 
-9,723 
+3,573 
+1 '200 
+39,000 
-3,567 
-------------
+1 ,237,702 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
17,000 
--- - - - - ~ - - - ~ -
17,000 
+152,000 
-15,000 
-10,375 
~-~~~~-~ ~ ~ M & 
+126,625 
-9,722 
------ ~ --
-9 ,722 
-929 
-3,000 
-------------
-3,929 
-135,000 -------------
-39,026 -13,000 
31 '000 
-11 '000 
• -~ ~ • -r - - --• -
-55,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6760 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/64  EH06SE17.064lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2018 Bill vs FY 2017 
Enacted Request Bill Enacted Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
~ ~ ------ --~~-~·~----·~--~---
CBP Services at User Fee Facil1ties (Small Airport) 
(Permanent Indefinite Discretionary). 
Fee Funded Programs 
Immigration Inspection User Fee. 
Immigration Enforcement F1nes 
Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) 
Fee Land 
Border Inspection Fee. 
COBRA Passenger Inspection Fee. 
APHIS Inspection Fee Global 
Entry Fee 
Puerto Rico Trust Fund. 
Virgin Island Fee. 
Customs Unclaimed Goods. 
9-11 Response and Biometric Account 
Subtotal, Fee Funded Programs. 
Administrative Provisions 
Colombia Free Trade Act Collections .. 
Reimbursable Preclearance. 
Subtotal, Adminstrative Provisions (Gross) 
Reimbursable Preclearance (Offsetting Collections) 
Subtotal, Adminstrative Provisions (Net) .. 
Total, U.S Customs and Border Protection. 
(Discretionary Funding). 
(Non Defense) 
(Discretionary Appropriation) 
(Offsetting Collection) 
Fee Funded Programs 
Gross Budget Authority, U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection. 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 
Operations and Support 
Homeland Security Investigations 
Domestic lnvestigat1ons ... 
International Investigations 
Intelligence 
Subtotal, Homeland Security Investigations. 
Enforcement and Removal Operations 
Custody Operations 
Fug1t1ve Operations 
Cr1minal Alien Program 
Alternatives to Detention 
Transportation and Removal Program. 
(UAC Contingency Fund). 
Subtotal, Enforcement and Removal Operations 
Mission Support. 
Office of the Principal Legal Advisor 
Adjustment to Base Pay Reduction. 
Subtotal Operations and Support. 9,415 
(677,894) 
(860) 
(58' 301) 
(46,517) 
(523,737) (534,515) 
(96,297) 
(99' 551) 
(11 '176) 
(5,992) 
2,054,840 
231 '000 
39,000 
~ --- - - - - - - - --
270,000 
-39,000 
-------------
231,000 
-------------
12,186,881 
(12,186,881) 
(12, 186,881) 
(12,225,881) 
(-39,000) 
2,054,840 
14 ,280,721 
1,834,017 
159,035 
80' 141 
~~~-~~~~~-
2,073,193 2,705,412 
151 '795 
312,350 
183,275 
355,882 
3,708,714 
364,533 
259,000 
--~ ~ -~ ~ ~ ~ ~ .. ~ 
6,405,440 9 '001 9,001 -414 
(732,834) (732,834) (+54,940) 
( 1 '000) ( 1 '000) (+140) 
(219,480) (62,480) (+4' 179) (-157,000) 
(48,476) (48,476) (+1 '959) 
(562' 151) (562' 151) (+38,414) 
(534.515) (534,515) 
(159,000) (159,000) ( +62 ,703) 
(92,500) (92,500) (-7' 051) (11 
'170) ( 11 '170) ( -6) 
(5,992) (5,992) 
(90,550) (90,550) (+90,550) 
--------~------~ ----------------------- -------~ -----
2,457,668 2,300,668 +245,828 157,000 
242,000 242,000 +11 '000 
39,000 39,000 
------------- ------------ ------------- -------------
281,000 281 '000 +11 '000 
-39,000 -39,000 
------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
242,000 242,000 +11 '000 
------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
13,907,061 13,813,035 +1,626,154 -94,026 
(13,907,061) (13,813,035) (+1,626,154) (-94 '026) 
(13,907,061) ( 13' 81 3' 035) (+1,626,154) ( 94,026) 
(13,946,061) (13,852,035) (+1,626,154) (-94,026) (-39,000) 
(-39,000) 
2,457,668 2,300,668 +245,828 -157,000 
16,403,729 16,152,703 +1 '871 '982 -251.026 
1,798,095 1,810,095 -23,922 +12,000 
140,873 158,873 -162 +18,000 
79,905 79,905 -236 
~--- w ---¥-~----~~-~~ 
2 ,018,873 2,048,873 -24,320 +30.000 
3,601,472 3,240,596 +535, 184 360,876 
184,668 184,668 +32,873 
412,080 412,080 +99,730 
177,700 177,700 -5,575 
484,894 398,200 +42,318 86,694 
4,860,814 4,413,244 +704,530 -447,570 
350,391 350, 391 -14' 142 
282,485 282,485 +23,485 
-92,950 -92,950 -92,950 
7,512,563 7,002,043 +596,603 -510.520 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6761 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/65  EH06SE17.065lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H,R 3354) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
Operational Communications/Information Technology .. 
Mission Support Assets and Infrastructure 
Subtotal, Procurement, Construction. and Imorovements. Fee Funded 
Programs 
Immigration Inspection User Fee. 
Breached Bond/Detention Fund. 
Student Exchange and Visitor Fee 
Subtotal, Fee Funded Programs 
Total, US. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(D1scretionary Funding) 
(Non-Defense) 
(Discretonary Appropriat1on). 
Fee Funded Programs 
Gross Budget Authority, US. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement 
Transportation Security Administration 
Operations and Support 
Aviation Screening Operations 
Screening Workforce 
Screening Partnership Program. 
Screener Personnel, Compensation, and Benefits .. 
Screener Training and Other 
Airport Management .. 
Canines. 
Screening Technology Maintenance. 
Secure Flight 
Subtotal, Av1ation Screening Operations. 
Other Operat1ons and Enforcement 
Inflight Security 
Federal Air Marshals. 
Federal Flight Deck Officer and Crew Training .. 
Aviat1on Regulation 
Air Cargo 
Intelligence and TSOC. 
Surface programs. 
Vett1ng Programs 
Subtotal, Other Operations and Enforcement .. 
Mission Support. 
Subtotal. Operat•ons and Support (Gross). 
Aviation Passenger Security Fees (offsetting 
collections) 
Passenger Security Fee Increase (offsetting 
collections)(leg•slative proposal). 
Subtotal, Operat1ons and Support (Net). FY 2017 
Enacted 
16,000 13.800 
29,800 
(135,000) 
(55,000) 
(171 '000) 
361,000 
6,435,240 
(6,435,240) 
(6,435,240) 
(6,435,240} 
361,000 
6,796.240 
177,982 
3,221,124 
239' 119 
572,967 
153,969 
284,834 
101 '721 
4,751,716 
802,953 
22,273 
218,296 
94,682 
80,820 
122.716 
65,751 
1,407,491 
945,840 
7' 105,047 
-2,130,000 
4,975,047 FY 2018 
Request 
21 '839 
31,060 
52,899 
(135,000) 
(55,000) 
(186 '61 0) 
376,610 
7,565,462 
(7,565,462) 
(7,565,462) 
(7,565,462) 
376,610 
7,942,072 
175,580 
3,128,064 
233,061 
643.797 
151 '764 
387,882 
102,763 
4,822,911 
803,905 
19 '514 
173,535 
102 '721 
79,790 
86,316 
60,215 
1,325,996 
869,258 
7,018,165 
2,470,000 
-500,000 
4,048,165 Bill 
21 '839 
31 '060 
52,899 
(135.000) 
(55,000) 
(186,610) 
376,610 
7.054,942 
(7,054,942) (7,054,942) 
(7,054,942) 
376,610 
7,431,552 
175,580 
3,205,064 
233,061 
643,797 
151 '764 
387,882 
102,763 
4,899,911 
788,855 
22,273 
173,535 
102,721 
79,790 
86,316 
60,215 
1,313,705 
869,258 
7,082,874 
-2,470,000 
4,612,874 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
+5,839 
+17,260 
+23,099 
(+15,610) 
+15,610 
+619,702 
(+619,702) 
(+619, 702) 
(+619,702) 
+15,610 
+635,312 
-2,402 
-16,060 
-6,058 
+70,830 
-2,205 
+103,048 
+1 '042 
+148,195 
-14' 098 
-44,761 
+8,039 
-1 '030 
-36,400 
-5,536 
-93,786 
76,582 
-22,173 
-340,000 
-362,173 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
-510,520 
(-510,520) 
(-510,520) 
( -510 '520) 
-510,520 
+77,000 
+77 '000 
-15,050 
+2,759 
-12,291 
+64,709 
+500,000 
+564,709 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6762 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/66  EH06SE17.066lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT. FY 2018 {H R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Procurement Construction, and Improvements 
Av1ation Screening Infrastructure 
Checkpoint Support. 
Checked Baggage 
Infrastructure for Other Operations 
Air Cargo 
Surface Programs. 
Vetting Programs. 
Subtotal. Procurement, Construction, and Improvements. 
Research and Development 
Subtotal. Research and Development. Fee Funded Programs 
TWIC Fee. Hazardous 
Materials Endorsement Fee. 
General Aviation at DCA Fee. 
Commercial Aviation and Airports Fee. 
Other Security Threat Assessments Fee. 
Air Cargo/Certified Cargo Screening Program 
TSA PreCheck Fee 
Alien Flight School Fee 
Subtotal. Fee Funded Programs. 
Aviation Security Capital Fund (Mandatory). Fee. 
Total. Transportation Security Administration. 
(Discretionary Funding) 
(Discretionary Appropriations). 
(Offsett1ng Collections). 
(Offsetting Collections) (Legislative 
Proposals) 
Aviation Security Capital Fund (mandatory). 
Fee Funded Programs. 
Gross Budget Authority, Transportation Security 
Administration. 
Coast Guard 
Operating Expenses 
Military Pay and Allowances. 
Civilian Pay and Benefits. 
Training and Recruiting 
Operating Funds and Unit Level Maintenance. 
Centrally Managed Accounts 
Intermediate and Depot Level Maintenance .. 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on 
Terrorism (Defense). 
Subtotal. Operating Expenses. 
(Defense) 
(Overseas Contingency Operations/Global 
War on Terrorism). 
(Other Defense) . 
Environmental Compliance and Restoration. 
Reserve Training. 
Acquisition. Construction, and Improvements 
Vessels 
Survey and Design-Vessel and Boats 
In-Service Vessel Sustainment. 
Nat1onal Security Cutter. 
Offshore Patrol Cutter 
Fast Response Cutter. 
Cutter Boats FY 2017 
Enacted 
111 '079 
59,331 
14,383 
15,000 
6,300 
-------------
206,093 
5,000 
-------------
5,000 
(88,314) 
(21 '083) 
(400) 
(6,500) 
(50) 
(3.500) 
( 80.153) 
(5,200) 
--------
(205,200) (250,000) 
5,186,140 
(5, 186 '140) 
(7,316,140) 
(-2.130,000) 
250,000 
205,200 
7' 771,340 
3,544,111 
808,969 
196,346 
995.519 
328,746 
1,043,245 
162,692 
7,079,628 
(502,692) (162,692) 
(340,000) 
13,315 
112,302 
9,500 
94,000 
255,400 
75,000 
325,000 
4,000 FY 2018 
Request 
4,019 
33,004 
16 '291 
-------------
53,314 
20' 190 -------------
20' 190 
(64,449) 
(20,200) 
(560) 
(8,000) 
(50) 
(5,200) 
(136,900} 
(5,200) 
-------------
(240,559) 
(250,000) 
4,121,669 
(4,121 ,669) 
(7 ,091 ,669) 
(-2,470,000) 
(-500,000} 
250,000 
240,559 
7,582,228 
3,711,095 
851 '178 
190,668 
895,518 
142,788 
1,422,217 
7,213,464 
(340,000) 
(340.000) 
13,397 
114,875 
1,500 
60,500 
54,000 
500,000 
240,000 
1 '000 Bi 11 
4,019 
33,004 
16' 291 
-------------
53,314 
20' 190 -------------
20' 190 
(64,449) 
(20,200) 
(560) 
(8,000) 
(50) 
(5,200) 
(136,900) 
(5,200) 
-----------
(240,559) 
(250,000) 
4,686,378 
(4,686,378) (7,156,378) 
(-2,470.000) 
250,000 
240,559 
7,646,937 
3,711,095 
851 '178 
190,668 
875,518 
142,788 
1,392,217 
7,163,464 
(340,000) (340.000) 
13,397 
114,875 
1 '500 
60,500 
54,000 
500,000 
240,000 
1 '000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-107,060 
-26,327 
-14,383 
-15.000 
+9,991 
-------------
-152,779 
+15' 190 
-------------
+15' 190 
(-23,865) 
( -883) 
(+160) (+1. 
500) 
(+1 '700) 
(+56,747) 
-------------
(+35,359) 
-499,762 
( -499,762) 
( 159 ,762) 
(-340,000) 
+35,359 
124,403 
+166,984 
+42,209 
-5,678 
120' 001 
-185,958 
+348,972 
-162,692 
+83,836 
(-162,692) 
( -162, 692) +82 
+2,573 
-8,000 
-33,500 
-201,400 
+425,000 
-85,000 
-3,000 Bi 1l vs. 
Request 
-------------
- --~ -------- -
-------------
+564,709 
(+564,709} 
(+64,709) 
(+500,000) 
+64,709 
20,000 
-30,000 -50,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6763 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/67  EH06SE17.067lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 {H.R 3354) {Amounts 
in thousands) 
Polar Ice Breaking Vessel. 
Inland Waterways and Western River Cutters. 
Subtotal, Vessels 
A·i rcraft 
HC-144 Conversion/Sustainment. 
HC-27J Conversion/Sustainment. 
HC-130J Acquisitlon/Conversion/Sustainment. 
HH-65 Conversion/Sustainment Projects 
MH-602 Sustainment. 
Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems .. 
Subtotal. Aircraft. 
Other Acquisition Programs 
Other Equipment and Systems .. 
Program Oversight and Management. 
C4ISR. 
CG-Logistics Information Management System 
(CG-LIMS). 
Subtotal, Other Acquisition Programs. 
Shore Facilities and Aids to Navigation 
Major Construction: Housing, ATON: and Survey and 
Design 
MaJOr Acquisition Systems Infrastructure. 
Minor Shore 
Subtotal. Shore Facilities and Aids to 
Nav1gation 
Personnel and Related Support Costs .. 
Subtotal, Acquisition. Construction. and Improvements 
Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation 
Health Care Fund Contribution {Permanent Indefinite 
Discretionary) 
Mandatory 
Ret1red Pay (Mandatory). 
Subtotal, Mandatory 
Total. Coast Guard. 
(Discret1onary Funding). 
(Non-Defense) 
(Defense). 
(Overseas Contingency Operations/Global 
War on Terrorism ) 
(Other Defense) 
(Mandatory Funding) 
United States Secret Service 
Operations and Support 
Protective Operations 
Protection of Persons and Faciities .. 
Protective Countermeasures .. 
Protective Intelligence. 
Presidential Campaigns and National Special 
Security Events. 
Subtotal. Protective Operat1ons. FY 2017 
Enacted 
25,000 
787,900 
25,500 
130,000 
111 '800 
40,000 
307,300 
8,055 
20,000 24.300 
7,000 
59,355 
44,519 
50,000 
5,000 
99,519 
115.933 
1,370.007 
36,319 
176' 000 
1 '666. 940 
----------
1. 666 '940 
--------
1 0' 454' 511 
(8 .787' 571) 
(8,284,879) 
(502,692) 
( 162 ,692) 
(340 000) 
( 1 '666. 940) 
627,987 
58.193 
44,490 
51 '734 
~--~~~~~~~~ 
782,404 FY 2018 
Request 
19,000 
1 '1 00 
877,100 
52,000 
5,600 
22,000 
2,500 
500 
·-------
82,600 
4,000 
15,000 
22,000 
9,800 --------
50,800 
10,000 
60,000 
5,000 --------
75,000 
118,245 
1,203,745 
18,641 
204,136 
1,673,000 ------~ ------
1,673,000 
---. -~ -----
10,441,258 
(8.768,258) (8,428,258) 
{340,000) 
(340,000) 
(1,673,000) 
705,566 
46.862 47,547 
4,500 
~ ~ ~ ., ~ - ---
804,475 Bill 
19,000 
1 '100 
877,100 
52,000 
100,600 
22,000 
2,500 
500 
~ ~ -------- ~ -
177,600 
4,000 
15,000 
22,000 
9,800 
---~ --- --... 
50,800 
10.000 
60,000 
5,000 --------
75,000 
118,245 
-------------
1,298,745 
18' 641 
204' 136 
1,673,000 -------------
1,673,000 
10,486,258 
(8,813,258) 
{8,473 258) 
(340,000) 
{340,000) 
(1 .673,000) 
705,566 
46,862 47,547 
4,500 
--~ ---,. . 
804,475 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-6,000 
+1 '100 
+89,200 
-25,500 -78,000 
-11 '200 
-18,000 
+2,500 
+500 
~ ~ ~ ~-------.... 
-129,700 
-4!055 
-5,000 -2,300 
+2,800 
----------- ~ 
-8,555 
-34,519 
+10,000 
-------~ 
-24,519 
+2,312 
-- ----~ .. 
-71.262 
17,678 
+28' 136 
+6,060 
--------~ -
+6,06D 
--------
+31 '747 
{+25.687) 
(+188,379) 
( 162,692) 
(-162,692) 
(+6,060) 
+77,579 
-11 '331 
+3,057 
-47,234 
~ ~ --- ~ ---- ~ ~ 
+22,071 Bill VS. 
Request 
+95,000 
~~---------~ 
+95,000 
.. ---------
-----------
+95,000 
-------------
.. ------------
+45,000 
(+45,000) (+45,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6764 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/68  EH06SE17.068lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (HR. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Field Operations 
Domest1c and International Field Operations 
Support for Missing and Exploited Children 
Invest1gations. 
Support for Computer Forensics Training. 
Subtotal. Field Operations. 
Basic and In-Service Training and Professional 
Development. M1ssion 
Support .. 
Subtotal, Operations and Support. 
Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
Protect1on Assets and Infrastructure. 
Operational Communications/Information Technology. 
Construction and Facility Improvements .. 
Subtotal, Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
Research and Development 
Subtotal, Research and Development 
Total, United States Secret Service 
Total, Title II, Security. Enforcement, and 
Investigations .. 
(Discretionary Funding) 
(Non-Defense). 
(Discretionary Appropriation). 
(Offsetting Collections). 
(Offsetting Collections)(Legislative 
Proposals). 
(Defense) 
(Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War 
on Terrorism) 
(Other Defense) 
(Mandatory Funding). 
Aviation Security Capital Fund (Mandatory). 
Fee Funded Programs. 
T1tle III -PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND 
RECOVERY 
National Protection and Programs Directorate 
Operations and Support 
Cyber secu n t y 
Cyber Readiness and Response 
NCCIC Operations. 
(CERT). 
NCCIC Planning and Exercises. 
(CERT) 
Subtotal, Cyber Readiness and Response. 
Cyber Infrastructure Resilience 
Cybersecurity Advisors. 
Enhanced Cybersecurity Services. 
Cybersecurity Education and Awareness. 
Subtotal, Cyber Infrastructure Resilience. FY 2017 
Enacted 
768,146 
6,000 
13,869 
----~----~ ~ " 
788,015 
59,507 
249,537 
1,879,463 
53,840 59.775 
50,000 
163,615 
2,500 2,500 
2,045,578 
36,308,350 
(34,641 ,410) 
(34, 138 ,718) 
(36,307,718) 
(-2,169,000) 
{502,692) 
(162,692) 
(340,000) 
(1 ,666,940) 
250,000 
2,621,040 
108,402 
(86,368) 
88,502 
(61 '607) -------------
196,904 
12,970 
16,950 
14' 133 
44,053 FY 2018 
Request 
588,653 
7.582 
----- ~ ----" --
596,235 
64,078 
414,558 
1,879,346 
39,012 
25,018 
64,030 
250 
250 
1,943,626 
37,979,076 
(36,306,076) (35,966,076) (38,975,076) 
(-2,509,000) 
(-500,000) 
(340,000) (340,000) 
(1 ,673,000) 
250,000 
3,074,837 
116' 471 
(93 '921) 
84,494 
(63,775) 
-------------
200,965 
14,693 
17' 157 
10,093 
41 '943 Bill 
588,653 
7,582 
13,869 
610, 104 
64,078 
414,558 
1 ,893, 215 
39,012 
25,018 
64,030 
250 250 
1 '957, 495 
37,998,108 
(36,325,108) (35,985,108) 
(38,494,108) 
(-2,509,000) 
(340,000) 
(340,000) 
(1 ,673,000) 
250,000 
2,917,837 
112,977 
(93,921) 
81 '959 
(63, 775) 
-------------
194,936 
14,252 
16' 642 
9, 790 
40,684 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-179,493 
+1 '582 
------------
-177' 911 
+4,571 
+165,021 
+1 3 ,752 
-14,828 
-34,757 
50,000 
-99,585 
-2,250 
-2,250 
-88,083 
+1 ,689,758 
(+1 ,683,698) 
(+1 ,846,390) 
(+2, 186,390) 
(-340,000) 
(-162,692) (-162,692) 
(+6,060) 
+296,797 
+4,575 
(+7,553) 
6,543 
(+2' 168) 
-------------
-1 '968 
+1 '282 
-308 
-4,343 -3,369 Bil'l vs. 
Request 
+13 ,869 
" ~ ----- " ----
+13,869 
+13,869 
+13,869 
+19,032 
(+19,032) (+19,032) 
(-480,968) 
(+500,000) 
-157,000 
-3,494 
2,535 
-------------
-6,029 
-441 
-515 
-303 
-1 '259 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6765 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/69  EH06SE17.069lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Federal Cybersecurity 
Federal Network Resilience. 
Continuous Diagnost1cs and M1tigation. 
National Cybersecur1ty Protection System. 
Subtotal, Federal Cybersecurity. 
Subtotal, Cybersecurity. 
Infrastructure Protection 
Infrastructure Capacity Building 
Sector Risk Management. . ....... , . 
Protective Security Advisors., 
Bombing Prevent1on. 
Infrastructure Information and Sensitive Data 
Protect ·ion .. 
Subtotal, Infrastructure Capacity Building 
Infrastructure Security Compliance. 
Subtotal. Infrastructure Protection 
Emergency Communications 
Emergency Communications Preparedness. 
Priority Telecommunications Service 
GETS/WPS/SRAS/TSP. 
Next Generation Networks Priority Services. 
Subtotal, Priority Telecommunications 
Service 
Subtotal, Emergency Communications. 
Integrated Operations 
Cyber and Infrastructure Analysis 
National Infrastructure S1mulation Analysis 
Center ( NI SAC) . 
Infrastructure Analysis 
Subtotal. Cyber and Infrastructure 
Analysis .. 
Critical Infrastructure S1tuational Awareness, 
(Defense). 
Stakeholder Engagement and Requirements., 
(Defense). 
Strategy, Policy and Plans. 
(Defense) 
Subtotal, Integrated Operat1ons. 
Office of B1ometric Identity Management 
Identity and Screening Program Operations .. 
IDENT/Homeland Advanced Recognition Technology. 
Subtotal, Office of Biometric Identity 
Management. 
Mission Support .. 
(Defense) 
Subtotal, Operations and Support. FY 2017 
Enacted 
35,013 
7,565 
385,879 
~~WM~~-~ 
428,457 
-----
669,414 
42,396 
39,723 
15,070 
19,546 
116.735 
69,557 
186,292 
44,097 
55.730 
2,214 
57,944 
102,041 
18,650 
23,230 
41 '880 
16' 176 
(14.720) 
41 '959 
(37,763) 
9,669 
(6,382) 
109,684 
71 '954 
163,475 
235,429 
69,408 
(21 '516) 
1 '372 '268 FY 2018 
Request 
42,766 
93,780 
341 '1 03 
477.649 
---~ ----
720' 557 
44 '491 
35,677 
14,739 
20,608 
115,515 
72 '440 
187,955 
49,966 
56,319 
7,636 
63,955 
113' 921 
8,912 
34,410 
43,322 
21 '222 
( 19' 312) 
46,904 
( 42' 214) 
14,448 
(9,536) 
125,896 
68,826 
150' 603 
219,429 
87,517 
(27. 130) 
1,455,275 Bi 11 
41 '483 
91 '967 
333,629 
467,079 
-~ -----
702,699 
43' 156 
34,607 
14' 297 19 
'990 
112,050 
70,267 
182,317 
48,467 
54,629 
7,407 
62,036 
110' 503 
8,645 
33,378 
42,023 
21 '222 
( 19' 312) 
46,904 
(42,214) 
14' 448 
(9,536) 
124,597 
68.826 
150,603 
219,429 
87,517 
(27' 130) 
1,427,062 --~ w Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+6,470 
+84,402 
-52,250 
+38,622 
---~ .. 
+33,285 
+760 
-5' 116 773 +444 
-4,685 
+710 
-3,975 
+4,370 
-1 '101 
+5' 193 
+4,092 
+8,462 
-10,005 
+1 0' 148 +143 
+5,046 
(+4,592) 
+4,945 
(+4' 451) 
+4' 779 
(+3' 154) 
+14,913 
-3' 128 
-12,872 
-16,000 
+18' 109 
(+5,614) 
+54,794 Bill VS. 
Request 
-1 '283 
-1 '813 
-7,474 
-10,570 
~-----------
-17,858 
-1 '335 
1 ,070 
-442 
-618 
-3,465 
-2 '173 
-5,638 
-1 '499 
-1 ,690 
-229 
-1 '919 
-3,418 
-267 
-1 '032 
-1 '299 
-1 '299 
-28,213 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6766 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/70  EH06SE17.070lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Federal Protective Service 
FPS Operations 
Operating Expenses 
Countermeasures 
Protective Security Officers. 
Techn1cal Countermeasures 
Subtotal, Federal Protective Service (Gross). 
Offsetting Collections 
Subtotal, Federal Protective Service (Net). 
Procurement. Construction, and Improvements 
Cybersecurity 
Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. 
National Cybersecurity Protection System 
Subtotal, Cybersecurity 
Emergency Communications 
Next Generation Networks Priority Services 
Subtotal, Emergency Communications. 
Biometric Identity Management IDENT/Homeland Advanced 
Recognition Technology. 
Subtotal, Biometric Identity Management 
Integrated Operations Assets and Infrastructure 
Modeling Capability Transition Environment. 
Subtotal, Integrated Operations Assets and 
Infrastructure. 
Infrastructure Protection 
Infrastructure Protection (IP) Gateway. 
Subtotal, Integrated Operations Assets and 
Infrastructure. 
Subtotal, Procurement, Construction, and Improvements. 
Research and Development 
Cybersecur1ty. 
Infrastructure Protection 
Integrated Operations. 
Subtotal, Research and Development. 
Total, National Protection and Programs 
Directorate 
(D1scretionary Funding). 
(Non-Defense) 
(Discretionary Appropriations). 
(Offsetting Collections). 
(Defense). 
Gross Budget Author1ty. National Protection and 
Programs Directorate 
Office of Health Affairs 
Operations and Support 
Chemical and Biological Readiness. 
Health and Med1cal Readiness 
Integrated Operations FY 2017 
Enacted 
368,892 
1 '059' 825 22 
'361 
- - M -~ -~ -~ -
1,451,078 
-1,451,078 
-------------
217,409 
81 '771 -------------
299' 180 
88,055 
-------------
88,055 
52,800 
-------------
52,800 
-------------
-------------
440,035 
2,030 
4,439 
6,469 
1,818,772 
(1,818,772) 
(345,060) 
( 1 ' 7 96 ' 1 38) 
(-1,451,078) 
(1,473,712) 
3, 269 ,850 
82,689 
4,352 
11 '809 ---FY 2018 
Request 
360,079 
,071,286 
44,690 
------
1,476,055 
-1,476,055 -------------
185' 180 
56' 129 
-------------
241 ,309 
48,905 
-------------
48,905 
40' 100 
-------------
40' 100 
500 
-------------
500 
4,219 4,219 
335,033 
4,695 
2,431 
4,000 
11,126 
1,801,434 
(1,801,434) 
(331,428) 
(1,807,483) 
(-1 ,476,055) 
(1 ,470,006) 
3,277,489 
77,380 
4' 120 
1 '400 Bill 
360,079 
1,071,286 
44,690 
--~ --------
1,476,055 
-1,476,055 
-------------
185' 180 
56' 129 -------------
241 '309 
48,905 
-------------
48,905 
40' 100 -------------
40' 100 
500 
-------------
500 
4,219 4,219 
335,033 
4,695 
2,431 
4,000 
11 '126 
1,773,221 
(1,773,221) 
(331 ,428) 
(1,807,483) 
(-1 ,476,055) 
(1,441,793) 
3,249.276 
77,380 
4' 120 
9,400 Bill vs 
Enacted 
-8,813 
+11 '461 
+22,329 +24,977 
-24,977 
-------------
-32,229 
-25,642 
-------------
-57,871 
-39' 150 
-------------
-39' 150 
-12,700 
-------------
-12' 700 
+500 
-------------
+500 
+4,219 ------------
+4,219 
-105,002 
+2,665 
-2,008 
+4,000 
+4,657 
-45,551 
( -45' 551) 
(-13,632) 
(+11 '345) 
(-24,977) 
(-31 '919) 
-20,574 
-5,309 
-232 
-2,409 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
-------------
-------------
-------------
-------------
-----------··-
----------
-28,213 
( -28 '213) 
( -28 '213) 
-28,213 
+8,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6767 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/71  EH06SE17.071lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Mission Support, 
Subtotal, Operations and Support. 
Total, Office of Health Affairs. 
Federal Emergency Management Agency 
Operations and Support 
Regional Operations,., 
Mitigation 
Preparedness and Protection. 
Response and Recovery 
Response. 
(Urban Search and Rescue) 
Recovery, . 
M1ssion Support. 
Subtotal, Operat1ons and Support. 
(Defense) 
Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
Operational Communications/Information Technology 
Construct1on and Facility Improvements. 
Mission Support, Assets. and Infrastructure. 
Subtotal, Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
(Defense), 
Federal Assistance 
Grants 
State Homeland Security Grant Program., 
(Operation Stonegarden) 
Urban Area Security Initiative .. 
(Nonprofit Security). 
Publ1c Transportation Security Assistance. 
(Amtrak Security) 
(Over-the-Road Bus Secur1ty) 
Port Security Grants. 
Assistance to F1refighter Grants. 
Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response 
(SAFER) Grants 
Emergency Management Performance Grants, .. 
National Predisaster Mitigat1on Fund 
Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis Program 
Emergency Food and Shelter. 
Subtotal, Grants. 
Education, Training, and Exercises 
Center for Domestic Preparedness. 
Center for Homeland Defense and Security 
Emergency Management Institute. 
US Fire Administration. 
National Domestic Preparedness Consortium. 
Cont1nuing Training Grants. 
National Exercise Program 
Subtotal, Education, Training, and Exercises 
Subtotal, Federal Assistance. FY 2017 
Enacted 
24,698 
123,548 123,548 
157' 134 
28,213 
146,356 
187,806 
(38,280) 
56' 126 
472,916 
1,048,551 
(46,788) 
2,800 
21 '050 
11 '423 
35,273 
(15,500) 
467,000 
(55,000) 
605,000 
(25,000) 
100,000 
(10,000) 
( 2 '000) 
100.000 
345,000 345,000 350,000 
100,000 
177' 531 
120,000 
2,709,531 
63,939 
18,000 
20,569 
42,500 
101 '000 
8,000 
19,919 
273,927 
2,983,458 FY 2018 
Request 
28,419 
111 '319 
111 '319 
156,417 
36,141 
131 '981 
175,226 
( 27 '513) 
46,694 
468,289 
1,014,748 
(42,945) 
12,018 
44,519 
33,459 
89,996 
(53,262) 
349,362 
448,844 
47,809 47,809 
344,344 344,344 
279,335 
39,016 
1 '900' 863 
63' 771 
17,966 
18,824 
41 '913 
20,793 
163,267 
2,064 '130 Bill 
28,419 
119' 319 
119,319 156,417 
36' 141 
131 '981 
182,893 
( 35' 180) 
46,694 
473,009 
1,027' 135 
(42,945) 
12 '018 
44,519 
20,041 
76,578 
(53,262) 
467,000 
(55,000) 
630,000 
(50,000) 
100,000 
(10,000) 
100,000 
345,000 345,000 350,000 
100,000 
177' 531 
120,000 
2,734,531 
63 '771 
17,966 18,824 
41 '913 
98,000 
8,000 
20,793 
269,267 
3 '003 ,798 Bill vs, 
Enacted 
+3 '721 
-4,229 
-4,229 
-717 
+7,928 
-14,375 
-4,913 
( -3' 100) 
-9,432 
+93 -21 
'416 
(-3,843) 
+9,218 
+23,469 
+8,618 
+41 '305 
(+37 ,762) 
+25,000 
(+25,000) 
(-2,000) 
+25,000 
-168 
-34 
·1 ,745 
587 
-3,000 
+874 
4,660 
+20,340 Bill vs. 
Request 
+8,000 +8,000 
+7,667 
(+7,667) 
+4,720 
+12,387 
13,418 
-13,418 
+117,638 
(+55,000) 
+181 '156 
(+50,000) 
+52' 191 
(+10,000) 
+52' 191 
+656 +656 
+70,665 +60,984 
+177,531 
+120,000 
+833,668 
+98,000 
+8,000 
+106,000 
+939,668 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6768 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/72  EH06SE17.072lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E ~ DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Disaster Relief Fund Base 
Disaster Relief. 
Disaster Relief Category. 
Subtotal, Disaster Relief Fund (Gross) .. 
(transfer to Office of Inspector General). 
Subtotal, Disaster Relief Fund (Net) 
National Flood Insurance Fund 
Floodplain Management and Mapping 
Mission Support 
Subtotal. National Flood Insurance Fund. 
Offsetting Fee Collections .. 
Administrative Provisions 
Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program. 
Subtotal, Administrative Provisions. 
Total, Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
(Discretionary Fund•ng). 
(Non-Defense) 
(Discret1onary Appropriations). 
(Offsetting Collections) 
(Disaster Relief Category). 
(Defense). 
Transfer Out .. 
Gross Budget Authority, Federal Emergency Management Agency 
Total, Title III, Protection, Preparedness, 
Response, and Recovery 
(D•scretionary Fund1ng). 
(Non Defense). 
(Discretionary Appropriations). 
(Offsetting Collect1ons). 
(Disaster Rel1ef Category). 
(Defense) 
Transfer out 
TITLE IV RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND 
SERVICES 
United States Citizenship and Imm1gration Services 
Operations and Support 
Employment Status Verification .. 
Subtotal. Operations and Support 
Procurement, Construct1on, and Improvements. 
Subtotal, Procurement, Construction, and Improvements. FY 2017 
Enacted 
615,515 
6,713,000 
7,328,515 
7,328,515 
168,363 
13,436 
181 '799 
-181.799 
-265 -265 
11,395,532 
( 11 '395 '532) 
(11,333,244) 
(4,802,043) 
(~181,799) 
(6,713,000) 
(62,288) 
11,577,331 
13,337,852 
(13,337,852) 
(11 ,801 ,852) 
(6,721,729) 
(~1,632,877) 
(6 ,713 '000) 
(1 .536,000) 
103,912 
103,912 
15,227 15,227 FY 2018 
Request 
558,720 
6,793,000 
7,351,720 
(-24,000) 
7,327,720 
239' 927 
13,573 
253,500 
-253,500 
-1 '024 
-1 '024 
10,519,570 
(10,519,570) 
(10,423,363) 
(3,883,863) 
(. 253' 500) 
(6,793.000) 
(96,207) 
24,000 
10,749' 070 
12,432,323 
(12,432,323) 
(10,866, 110) 
(5,802,665) 
(-1 ,729,555) 
(6,793,000) 
(1 ,566,213) 
-24,000 
108,856 
108,856 
22,657 
22,657 Bill 
534,720 
6,793,000 
7,327,720 
7,327,720 
189,927 
13' 573 
203,500 
-203,500 
-1 '024 
1 '024 
11,434,207 
(11 ,434,207) 
(11 ,338,000) 
( 4 ,7 4 8' 500) 
(-203.500) 
(6,793,000) 
(96,207) 
11,637,707 
13,326,747 
(13,326,747) (11,788,747) 
(6,675,302) 
(~1 ,679,555) 
(6,793,000) 
(1 ,538,000) 
108,856 108,856 
22,657 22,657 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-80,795 
+80,000 
-795 
~795 
+21,564 
+137 
+21 '701 -21 
'701 
~759 
-759 
+38,675 
(+38,675) 
(+4,756) 
(-53,543) 
( ~ 21 '701 ) 
(+80,000) 
(+33,919) 
+60,376 
~ 11 ' 1 05 
(-11 ,105) 
( 13' 105) 
(-46,427) 
(~46,678) 
(+80,000) 
(+2,000) 
+4,944 
+4,944 
+7,430 
+7,430 Bill vs. 
Request 
-24,000 
-24,000 
(+24,000) 
-50,000 -50,000 
+50,000 
+914,637 
(+914,637) (+914,637) 
(+864,637) 
(+50,000) 
+24,000 
+888.637 +894,424 
(+894,424) 
(+922,637) 
(+872,637) 
(+50,000) 
(-28,213) 
+24,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6769 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/73  EH06SE17.073lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Fee Funded Programs 
Immigrat1on Examinations Fee Account 
AdJudication Services 
District Operations. 
(Immigrant Integration Grants). 
Serv1ce Center Operations 
Asylum, Refugee, and International Operations. 
Records Operations 
Prem1um Processing (Including Transformation) .. 
Subtotal, AdJudication Services 
Information and Customer Services 
Operating Expenses. 
Administrat10n 
Operating Expenses. 
Systemat1c Alien Verification for Entitlements 
(SAVE) 
Subtotal, Immigration Examinations Fee 
Account. 
H1 B Non Immigrant Petititioner Account 
Adjudication Services 
Service Center Operations 
Subtotal, H-1B Non-Immigrant Petitioner 
Account. 
Fraud Prevention and Detection Account 
Ad]ud1cation Services 
District Operations. 
Service Center Operations 
Asylum and Refugee Operating Expenses 
Subtotal, Fraud Prevention and Detection 
Account. 
Subtotal, Fee Funded Programs .. 
Adminlstrative Provisions 
H2B returning worker. 
Imm1grat1on Authorization Extensions. 
Subtotal, Administrative Prov1sions. 
Total, United States Citizenship and Immigration 
Serv·i CBS. 
(Oiscretionary Funding). 
Fee Funded Programs 
Gross Budget Authority, United States 
Citizenship and Immigration Services, 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers 
Operations and Support 
Law Enforcement Training 
Mission Support 
Subtotal, Operations and Support. 
Total , Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. FY 2017 
Enacted 
(1,675,716) 
(10,000) 
(609' 367) 
(358,474) (133,509) (573,976) 
-~ ~ ~ -~ ---
(3,351,042) 
(103,625) 
(509,420) 
(34 '41 0) 
-------------
(3,998,497) 
(15,000) (15,000) 
(26,789) 
{19' 631) 
(308) 
-------------
(46,728) 
(4,060,225) 
1 '000 
1 '000 -------------
2.000 
-------------
121 '139 
( 121 '139) 
4,060,225 
4,181 ,364 
213,804 
28.714 
242,518 242,518 FY 2018 
Request 
(1,756,407) 
( 10' 000) 
(649,461) (399,882) (135,477) (620.829) 
M -~ ~ ~ - ~ ~ -~ w -
(3,562,056) 
(109,445) 
(522,010) 
{34,828) 
-------------
(4,228,339) 
( 15' 000) 
(15,000) 
( 45' 101) 
( 21 '778) 
{308) 
-------------
(67' 187) 
(4,310,526) 
-------------
-------------
131 '513 
( 131 '513) 
4,310,526 
4.442.039 
244,725 
28.034 
272,759 
-·· ... .. 
272,759 Bi 11 
( 1 '756 '407) 
(10.000) 
(649,461) 
(399,882) (135,477) (620,829) 
. .. 
(3,562,056) 
(109,445) 
(522 ,010) 
(34 ,828) 
----- --~ --. 
(4,228,339) 
(15,000) (15,000) 
( 45' 101) 
(21 '778) 
(308) 
-------------
(67' 187) (4 
,310,526) 
-------------
-------------
131 '513 
(131 '513) 
4,310,526 
4,442,039 
232,065 
28,034 
--- ---- ---~ 
260,099 
---~ --- ---
260,099 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
(+80,691) 
(+40,094) 
(+41 ,408) 
(+1 '968) 
(+46,853) 
(+211 '014) 
(+5,820) 
(+12,590) 
(+418) 
~ -~ ----- - - -
(+229,842) 
(+18' 312) 
(+2' 147) 
------
(+20,459) 
(+250,301) 
-1,000 
1 '000 
-------------
-2,000 
---------... 
+10,374 
(+10.374) 
+250,301 
+260,675 
+18,261 
-680 ---~ ---------
+17,581 +17,581 Bill vs. 
Request 
-------------
--~ ~ ~ * w ~ w • -
------------
-------------
-------------
-12,660 
---~ -------- -
-12,660 
-12,660 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6770 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/74  EH06SE17.074lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT. FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Science and Technology Directorate 
Operations and Support 
Laboratory Facilities. 
Acquisition and Operations Analysis 
Mission Support. 
Subotal, Operations and Support. 
Research and Development 
Research, Development, and Innovation. 
University Programs 
Subotal. Research and Development .. 
Total, Science and Technology 
Domestic Nuclear Detection Office 
Operations and Support 
M1ssion Support. 
Subtota·l, Operations and Support .. 
Procurement, Construction. and Improvements 
Large Scale Detection Systems. 
Human Portable Rad/Nuclear Detection Systems 
Subotal, Procurement, Construction, and Improvements 
Research and Development 
Architecture Planning and Analysis. 
Transformational Research and Development. 
Detection Capability Development. 
Detection Capability Assessments. 
Nuclear Forensics. 
Subtotal, Research and Development. 
Federal Assistance 
Federal, State, Local, Territorial, and Tribal 
Support 
Securing the Cities 
Subtotal, Federal Assistance. 
Total. Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. 
Total. Title IV. Research and Development. 
Training, and Services 
(Discretionary Funding) 
(Non-Defense). 
(Defense) 
Fee Funded Programs. FY 2017 
Enacted 
133,942 
48,392 
128.788 
~ --~ -- - -
311,122 
430,124 
40,500 
-------------
470,624 
781,746 
50,042 50,042 
53,709 
47,344 ------~ -----
101 '053 
15,072 
62,028 
19' 851 
39' 272 
18,838 
~--~~~~~~M~W~ 
155,061 
25' 193 
21 '135 
---~ ~ -. -
46, 328 
352, 484 
1 '497' 887 
(1,497,887) 
(1 '497 '887) 
4,060,225 FY 2018 
Request 
92,243 
42,552 
119,823 
-------------
254,618 
342,982 
29,724 
-------------
372.706 
627,324 
54,664 54,664 
62,524 
24 '5 72 
------ --
87,096 
15,937 
60,581 
15' 155 
34' 127 
18,361 
144' 161 
23,384 
21 '135 
------------
44,519 
330,440 
1,362,036 
( 1 '362 '036) 
(1,362,036) 
4,310,526 Bill 
92,243 
42,552 
119,823 
-------------
254,618 
342,982 
40,500 
-------------
383,482 
--- ---
638' 100 
54,664 
-----
54,664 
62,524 
24,572 
87,096 
15' 937 
60,581 
15' 155 
34' 127 
18' 361 
144' 161 
23,384 
21 '135 
-------------
44,519 
-----
330,440 
1 ,360,152 
(1 ,360, 152) 
(1 ,360, 152) 
4,310,526 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
41 '699 
-5,840 
-8,965 
--------~ ----
-56,504 
-87' 142 
-------------
-87' 142 
-------
-143,646 
+4,622 
~ ----------
+4,622 
+8,815 
-22,772 
-13.957 
+865 
-1 '447 
-4,696 
-5' 145 
-477 
-10' 900 
-1 '809 
~ ------ ---- ~ -
-1 '809 
-22,044 
-137,735 
(-137,735) (-137,735) 
+250,301 Bill vs. 
Request 
-------------
+10,776 
-------------
+10,776 
-------- -
+10,776 
-----
--------
____ w _____ --
-1 '884 
( -1 '884) 
( -1 '884) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6771 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/75  EH06SE17.075lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE V · GENERAL PROVISIONS 
DHS HQ Consolidation Project. 
Financial Systems Modernization 
Presidential Res1dence Protection Assistance 
DoD Schools 
DCIO Unobl1gated Balances (Rescisson). 
FEMA Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program Account 
(P.L 109-88) (FY05) (Rescission). 
CBP Automat1on Modernization (Rescission). 
CBP Air and Marine Operations (Rescission). 
CBP, BSFIT (Prior Year Balances) (Resc1ssion) .. 
CBP Construction and Facilities Management 
{ReSClSSIOn) 
ICE Salaries and Expenses (P L. 114-4) (FY 15) 
(Rescission). 
ICE Salar1es and Expenses (P L. 114-113) (FY16) 
(Rescission) 
ICE Construction (Rescission) 
TSA Operat1ons and Suppor-t (P.L 115-31) (FY17) ( Resc 
iss ·ion) 
TSA Av1at1on Security (P.L. 114-113) (FY16) 
(Rescission) 
TSA Surface Transportation Security (P L. 114-113) 
(FY16) (Rescission) 
TSA Intell1gence and Vetting (PL. 114-113) (FY16) 
(Rescission) 
TSA Transportation Security Support (P.L. 114-113) 
(FY16) (Rescission). 
Coast Guard AC&l (P.L 
Coast Guard AC&l (P L 
Coast Guard AC&I (P.L 
Coast Guard AC&I (P L. 
Coast Guard AC&I (P L 
Coast Guard Alteration 
(FY05) (Rescission). 113-6) (FY13) (Rescission). 
113-76) (FY14) (Rescission). 
114-4) (FY15) (Rescission) .. 
114-113) (FY16) (Rescission). 
115-31) (FY17) (Rescission) .. 
of Bridges (P.L. 108-334) 
Coast Guard Alteration of Bridges (P.L. 109-90) {FY06) 
(Rescission) 
Coast Guard Alteration of Bridges (PL. 109-295) 
(FY07) (Rescission) 
Coast Guard Alteration of Bridges (P.L. 110 61) (FYOS) 
(Rescission) .. 
Coast Guard Alteration of Br1dges (PL. 111-83) (FY10) 
(Rescission) 
FEMA State and Local Programs (70X0560) (Rescission). FY 2017 
Enacted 
13 '253 
41 '215 
41 '000 
-3,000 
95.000 
-31 '293 
-21 '450 
21 '150 
-20,690 -13,500 
-45,000 
-2,900 
-104,650 
-2,582 -9,930 
-2,518 
-4.200 
-19,300 
-16,500 
-31.000 
-11 '071 FY 2018 
Request 
2.000 
-1 '786 
-1 '920 
-1 '791 
-3,222 
-3,681 Bi 11 
42,233 
2,000 
-25,000 
-95,000 
-1 '786 
-1 '920 
"1 ,791 
-3,222 
-3,681 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
13,253 
+1 '018 
-41 '000 
+2,000 +3,000 
+95,000 
+31 ,293 
+21 ,450 
+21 '150 
+20,690 +13,500 
+45,000 
+2,900 
12,928 
+104,650 
+2,582 +9,930 +2,518 
+4,200 
+19,300 
+16,500 
+6,000 
-95,000 
-1 '786 
-1 '920 
-1 '791 
-3,222 
·3,681 
+11 '071 B1ll vs. 
Request 
+42,233 
12 '928 
-25,000 
-95,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6772 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/76  EH06SE17.076lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION E -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
S&T RDA&O (PL113-6) (FY13) (Rescission)., 
S&T RDA&O (PL113-76) (FY14) (Rescission). 
S&T RDA&O (PL114-4) (FY15) (Rescission) 
S&T RDA&O (PL114-113) (FY16) (Rescission), 
Legacy Funds (Rescission) 
DHS lapsed Balances (Rescission) 
Treasury Asset Forfeiture Fund (Rescission), 
FEMA Disaster Rel1ef Fund (ORF) (Rescission). 
Total, T1tle V, General Provisions., 
(Discretionary Funding). 
(Resc1ssions/Cancellations). 
Gr·and Total, Titles I-V 
(Discretionary Funding). 
(Non-Defense). 
(Discretionary Appropriations), 
(Offsetting Collections) 
(Offsetting Collections) (Legislative 
Proposals), 
(Disaster Relief Category). 
(Rescissions), 
(Defense),, 
(Overseas Contingency on Operations/Global 
War on Terrorism). 
(Other Defense) 
(Mandatory Funding) FY 2017 
Enacted 
-977 
-5,000 
-1 '523 
-1 '841 
-42,343 
-187,000 
-789,248 
-1,388,198 
(95,468} 
(-1,483,666) 
50,950,632 
(49,283,692) 
(47,245,000) 
(45,817,543) 
(-3,801,877) 
(6,713,000) 
( -1 ,483,666) 
(2,038,692) 
(162.692) 
(1 ,876,000) 
(1 ,666,940) FY 2018 
Request 
-581 '000 
-591 '400 
(2,000) 
(-593,400) 
52,467,385 
(50,794,385) 
(48,888' 172) (47 
,427' 127) 
(-4,238,555) 
( 500,000) 
(6,793,000) 
(-593,400) 
(1 ,906,213) 
(1 ,906,213) 
(1,673,000) Bill 
-187,000 
-875,575 
-1,163,670 
(44,233) 
(-1,207,903) 
52,794,000 
(51,121.000) (49,243,000) 
(47,846,458) 
(-4,188,555) 
(6,793,000) 
(-1,207,903) 
(1 ,878,000) 
(1 ,878,000) 
(1 ,673,000) Bi 11 VS, 
Enacted 
+977 
+5,000 
+1 '523 
+1 '841 
+42,343 
-86,327 
+224,528 
(-51 ,235) 
( +275 ,763) 
+ 1 '843' 368 
(+1 '837' 308) 
(+1 '998' 000) 
(+2,028,915) 
(-386,678) 
(+80,000) 
(+275,763) 
( 160,692) 
(-162,692) 
(+2,000) (+6,060) Bill vs 
Request 
-187,000 
-294,575 -572,270 
(+42,233) 
(-614,503) 
+326,615 
(+326,615) 
(+354,828) 
(+419,331) 
(+50,000) 
(+500 000) 
(-614,503) 
(-28,213) 
28,213) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6773 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/77  EH06SE17.077lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F -DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I--DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION 
Training and Employment Services 
Grants to States. 
Adult Training, current year 
Advance from prior year. 
FY 2019. 
Subtotal 
Youth Traimng. 
Dislocated Worker Assistance, current year. 
Advance from prior year. 
FY 2019 
Subtota 1 . 
Subtotal. Grants to States. 
Current Year. 
FY 2019 
National Programs: 
Dislocated Worker Assistance National Reserve 
Current year. 
Advance from prior year. 
FY 2019 
Subtotal 
Subtotal, Dislocated Worker Assistance. 
Native American programs Migrant and 
Seasonal Farmworker programs YouthBuild activities. 
Technical assistance .. 
Reintegration of Ex-Offenders. 
Workforce Data Quality Initiative. 
Apprenticesh1p programs. 
Total, National Programs. 
Current Year. 
FY 2019. 
Total, Training and Employment Services (TES). 
Current Year. 
FY 2019 
Operations .. Job Corps 
Construction. Rehabilitation and Acquisition. 
Admin·istrat10n 
T ot.a 1 , Job Corps. 
Current Year. Community 
Service Employment For Older Americans 
Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances 
(indef1n1te). FY 2017 
Enacted 
103,556 
(712,000) 
712,000 
---- - - ---~ 
815,556 873.416 
160,860 
(860,000) 
860,000 -. ~ ~ . ---. 
1,020,860 
-----------
2,709,832 
(1,137,832) 
(1.572,000) 
20,859 
(200.000) 
200,000 
~ ----••---w., 
220,859 
1,241,719 
50,000 
81,896 84,534 
2,500 
88,078 
6,000 
95,000 
628,867 
(428,867) 
(200,000) 
~ ------ --- --
3,338,699 
(1,566,699) 
(1. 772,000) 
1,587,325 
84,500 
32,330 
1,704,155 
(1 '704 ,155) 
400,000 
849,000 FY 2018 
Request 
102,370 
(712,000) 
388,000 
490,370 
523.667 
160,485 
(860 000) 
455,000 
~ ... ---. ----
615,485 
----------
1,629,522 
(786.522) 
(843,000) 
87,000 
(200,000) 
30,000 
~ ~ ------
117 ,000 
732, 485 
49 '905 
84,373 
5,226 
77 '911 
89,829 
424,244 
(394,244) 
(30,000) 
---------
2,053,766 
(1 '180,766) 
(873,000) 
1,341,318 
74,857 
32,269 
1,448,444 
{1 ,448,444) 
790,000 Bill vs. Bill VS. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
64,736 -38,820 -37,634 FF 
{712,000) 
712,000 +324,000 
--w • ~ ~ ~ --- - ----~ ~ ----
776,736 -38,820 +286,366 
831,842 -41 '574 +308, 175 FF 
155,530 -5, 330 -4,955 FF 
(860,000) 
860,000 +405,000 
~-~ . ----------~ ~ ----------_____ .. _ 
1,015,530 -5,330 +400,045 ------------~ ----__ ., __ 
2,624,108 -85,724 +994,586 
(1 ,052, 108) (-85,724) (+265,586) 
(1 ,572,000) (+729,000) 
130,000 +109,141 +43,000 FF 
(200,000) 
200 '000 -30,000 ------------- -------------
130 ,000 -90,859 +13,000 
-----~ ------------
1 '145' 530 -96' 189 +413,045 
50,000 +95 FF 
72,000 -9,896 +72,000 FF 
84,534 +161 FF 
-2,500 -5,226 
82,078 -6,000 +4, 167 
-6,000 
-95,000 89,829 --------- --------------- --------- -- ~ 
418,612 -210,255 -5,632 
(418.612) (-10,255) {+24,368) 
(-200,000) ( -30 ,000) 
---------
3.042,720 -295,979 +988,954 
{1, 470 '720) (-95,979) (+289,954) 
(1,572,000) (-200,000) (+699,000) 
1 '572' 886 -14,439 +231 '568 FF 
83,000 -1 '500 +8' 143 FF 
32,269 61 -------~ ~ ~ --
1 '688' 155 -16,000 +239,711 
(1 '688' 155) (-16,000) (+239,711) 
-400,000 FF 
790,000 -59,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6774 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/78  EH06SE17.078lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F~~DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
State Unemployment Insurance and Employment 
Service Operations 
Unemployment Compensat1on (Ul): 
State Operat•ons. 
National Activities. 
Subtotal, Unemployment Compensation 
Employment Service (ES): 
Grants to States 
Federal Funds 
Trust Funds 
Subtotal, Grants to States 
ES Nat1onal Activities. 
Subtota 1 , Emp 1 oyment Service. 
Federal Funds 
Trust Funds 
Foreign Labor Certifications and Related Activities 
Federal Administration 
Grants to States, 
Subtotal. Foreign Labor Certification 
One-Stop Career Centers/Labor Market Information 
Total. State Ul and ES 
Federal Funds, 
Trust Funds 
Program Administration 
Training and Employment 
Trust Funds Employment 
Security 
Trust Funds. 
Apprenticeshlp Services. 
Executive Direction 
Trust Funds 
Total, Program Administration .. 
Federal Funds 
Trust Funds. 
Total, Employment and Training Administration. 
Federal Funds .. 
Current Year­
FY 2019. 
Trust Funds 
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (EBSA) 
Salaries and Expenses Enforcement and 
Participant Assistance 
Policy and Compliance Assistance. 
Executive Leadership. Program Oversight and 
Administration 
Employee benef1ts security programs. 
Total , EBSA FY 2017 
Enacted 
2,687,600 
14,897 
2,702,497 
21 ,413 
650,000 
671 .413 
19 ,818 
691 '231 
(21 '413) 
(669,818) 
48,028 
14,282 
~ ----- - - - ---
62,310 
67,653 
-------------
3,523,691 
(89,066) 
(3,434,625) 
62,040 
8,639 
3,440 
39,264 
36' 160 
7,034 
2,079 
~ . ~ ~ -~ -. --- --
158,656 
(108,674) 
(49,982) 
============= 
9,974,201 
6,489,594 
(4,717,594) 
( 1 '772 '000) 
3,484,607 
147,400 
26' 901 
6,699 
181 ,000 FY 2018 
Request 
2,635,775 
12, 000 
2.647, 775 
21 ,372 
394,516 .. .. --
415,888 
19,780 
435,668 
( 21 '372) 
(414,296) 
47,937 
14,255 
M""""""""""" 
62' 192 
67,524 
-~-----------
3,213,159 
(88,896) 
(3,124,263) 
59.960 
8,623 
3,462 
39' 189 
33,935 
7,021 
2,075 
154,265 
(104,378) 
(49,887) 
=====-:.::::::::::;::::::;:::::: 
7,659.634 
4,485,484 
(3,612,484) 
(873,000) 
3, 17 4 '150 
183,926 .. . ~ -. --
183,926 Bill vs. Bill VS. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
2,665, 775 ~21,825 +30,000 
13' 000 -1 '897 +1 '000 
-- - ~ ~ -. ~ -~ ~ ~ -----~ ---
2,678,775 . 23 .722 +31,000 
-21,413 -21 '372 FF 
~650,000 -394,516 FF 
------------__ w _______ ..,_ 
-671 '413 -415,888 FF 
19,818 +38 
--~ ~ -----. ---- --~ ~ -~ 
19 ,818 -671 '413 -415,850 
( -21 '413) ( -21 ,372) 
(19, 818) (-650,000) (-394,478) 
48,028 +91 
14' 282 +27 
-.. ~ ----------
62,310 +118 
70,000 +2,347 +2,476 FF -------------
2,830,903 -692 ,788 -382,256 
(70,000) (-19,066) ( 18,896) 
(2,760,903) (-673,722) (-363,360) 
61,000 -1 '040 +1,040 
8,623 -16 
3,440 -22 
39' 189 -75 
35,000 -1 '160 +1 '065 
7,021 -13 
2,075 -4 -------- ---- -------------
156,348 -2,308 +2,083 
(106,461) (-2,213) (+2,083) 
(49,887) (-95) 
============= :::============ ============= 
8' 508' 126 -1,466,075 +848,492 
5,697,336 -792,258 +1 ,211,852 
(4,125,336) (-592,258) (+512,852) 
(1 ,572,000) (-200,000) (+699,000) 
2,810,790 -673,817 -363,360 
142,067 -5, 333 +142,067 
26,901 +26,901 
6,632 -67 +6,632 
-183,926 
----------
175,600 -5,400 -8,326 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6775 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/79  EH06SE17.079lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F -DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION (PBGC) 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation Fund 
Consolidated Administrative budget 
WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION, Salar1es and Expenses. 
OFFICE OF LABOR MANAGEMENT STANDARDS, Salaries and 
Expenses 
OFFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE PROGRAMS, Salaries 
and Expenses. 
OFFICE OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION PROGRAMS 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Trust Funds 
Total, Salaries and Expenses. 
Federal Funds .. 
Trust Funds. 
Special Benefits 
Federal Employees' Compensation Benefits. 
Longshore and Harbor Workers' Benefits. 
Total Spec,al Benefits 
Special Benefits for Disabled Coal Minors 
Benefit Payments 
Admin1strat1on 
Subtotal, FY 2018 program level 
Less funds advanced in prior year 
Total , Current Year 
New advances, 1st quarter, FY 2019 
Total, Spec1al Benefits for Disabled Coal Miners. 
Energy Employees Occupational Illness 
Compensation Fund 
Administrat1ve Expenses. 
Black Lung Disability Trust Fund 
Benef1t Payments and Interest on Advances. 
Workers' Compensat1on Programs. Salaries and Expenses. 
Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses. 
Departmental Management. Inspector General. 
Subtotal, Black Lung Disab1lity. 
Treasury Department Administrative Costs. 
Total, Black Lung D1sability Trust Fund. 
Total , Workers· Compensation Programs. 
Federal Funds 
Current year. 
FY 2019 
Trust Funds FY 2017 
Enacted 
(519,506) 
227,500 
38' 187 
104,476 
115,424 
2' 177 
---~ ---------
117' 601 
( 115' 424) 
(2' 177) 
217,000 
3,000 
220,000 
75,000 
5,319 
80 ,319 -19 .000 
-------------
61 '319 
16,000 
-------------
77' 319 
59,846 
302,115 
38,246 
31 '994 
330 
-----------
372,685 
356 
-------------
373,041 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::;:::::::: 
847,807 
845,630 
( 829 630) 
(16,000) 
2' 177 FY 2018 
Request 
(522 ,917) 
230 ,068 
46,634 
88,000 
113' 109 
2' 173 ------------
115 '282 
(113,109) 
(2' 173) 217' 
000 
3,000 
220,000 
65,000 
5,319 
70,319 
-16 '000 
-------------
54,319 
15,000 
-------------
69,319 
59,846 
345,635 
38,246 30,595 
330 
414,806 
356 
415' 162 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::= 
879,609 
877 '436 
(862,436) 
( 15 '000) 
2' 173 Bill 
(424.417) 
217,500 
41 '129 
94.500 
114 '377 
2' 173 
-------------
116,550 
( 114' 377) 
(2' 173) 
217,000 
3,000 
220,000 
65,000 
5,319 
--------- ---
70,319 
-16.000 
-------------
54, 319 
15, 000 
-------------
69,319 
59,846 
345,635 
38.246 
30,595 
330 
414,806 
356 
------------
415' 162 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
880' 877 
878,704 
( 863 ,704) 
( 15 '000) 
2' 173 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
(-95,089) (-98,500) 
-10' 000 -12,568 
+2,942 -5,505 
-9,976 +6,500 
-1 '047 +1 '268 
-4 
-------------
1 '051 +1 '268 
( -1 '047) ( +1 '268) 
( -4) 
-10' 000 
------------ -------------
10,000 
+3,000 
------------- -------------
-7,000 
-1 '000 ------------- -------------
-8,000 
+43,520 
-1 '399 
+42' 121 
------------- -------------
+42' 121 
============= 
+33,070 +1 '268 
+33,074 +1 '268 
(+34,074) (+1 '268) 
( -1 '000) 
-4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6776 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/80  EH06SE17.080lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR. HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION (OSHA) 
Salaries and Expenses 
Safety and Health Standards. 
Federal Enforcement 
Whistleblower enforcement. 
State Programs 
Technical Support 
Compl1ance Assistance. 
Federal Assistance. 
State Consultation Grants 
Training Grants .. 
Subtotal. Compl1ance Assistance. 
Safety and Health Stat1st1cs 
Executive Direct1on and Administration. 
Total , OSHA 
MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION 
Salaries and Expenses 
Coal Enforcement Metal/Non-Metal 
Enforcement. 
Standards Development 
Assessments 
Educational Policy and Development 
Technical Support. 
Program Evaluation and Information Resources (PEIR). 
Program Administration 
Total, Mine Safety and Health Administration. 
Total , Worker Protect 1 on Agencies 
Federal Funds 
Trust Funds 
BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS 
Salaries and Expenses Employment and Unemployment 
Statistics. 
Labor Market Information 
Pr1ces and Cost of Living. 
Compensation and Working Conditions 
Productivity and Technology 
Execut1ve Direction and Staff Services, 
Total, Bureau of Labor Stat1stics. 
Federal Funds 
Trust Funds FY 2017 
Enacted 
18,000 
208,000 
17' 500 
100,850 
24,469 
70,981 
59,500 
10,537 
-------------
141 '018 
32,900 
10,050 
=======:::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
552,787 
160,000 
94,500 
4,500 
6,627 
39,320 
35,041 
17,990 15,838 
============= 
373,816 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
1 '595' 367 
(1 ,593, 190) 
(2. 177) 
208,000 
65,000 
207,000 
83,500 
10,500 
35,000 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:;;:;:; 
609,000 
544,000 
65,000 FY 2018 
Request 
18' 176 
207,465 
17,383 
100,658 
24,281 
72 < 351 
57,665 
-------------
130,016 
34,326 
10,952 
:::-::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;;:::::::::::: 
543,257 
157,026 
97,875 
5,460 
7,457 
37,365 
34,330 
19' 169 
16,490 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
375,172 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
1,582.339 
(1 ,580,166) 
(2' 173) 
203,878 
64,876 
209,863 
82,880 
10,798 
35,547 
:::::::::::;;;::;:;:;:;:::;::::::::::::::::::::: 
607 .842 
542 ,966 
64 ,876 Bill 
18,000 
194,250 
17' 500 
100,850 
24,469 
72,351 
59,500 
-------------
131 ,851 
34, 300 
10 ,250 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
531,470 
149,000 
91 '700 
4,500 
6,627 
39,320 
35,000 
17' 990 
15,838 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
359.975 
:::::::::;;;:;;;::;:;;::;;:::;;;:::::::::::::: 
1,536,724 
(1,534,551) 
( 2' 173) 
203,878 
65,000 
211 '444 
82,880 
10,798 
35,000 
::;;:;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
609,000 
544,000 
65,000 Bill vs 
Enacted 
-13' 750 
+1 '370 
-10' 537 
-------------
-9' 167 
+1 '400 
+200 
============= 
21 '317 
-11 '000 
-2,800 
. 41 
::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
13' 841 
;;:;;:::;:;;:::;;;:;::::;::;;;:::;;:;;:: 
-58,643 
(-58,639) 
( 4) 
-4' 122 
+4,444 
-620 
+298 
============= Bill vs. 
Request 
176 
-13' 215 +117 +192 +188 
+1 '835 
-------------
+1 '835 
-26 
-702 
============= 
-11 ,787 
-8,026 
-6' 175 
-960 -830 
+1 '955 
+670 
-1 '179 
-652 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::=== 
15' 197 
;;:;:;::;;::;:;;;;:::::::::::::::::::::::; 
-45,615 
(-45,615) 
+124 
+1 '581 
-547 
::;:::::;::::::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
+1 '158 
+1 '034 
+124 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6777 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/81  EH06SE17.081lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
OFFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY 
Salaries and Expenses .. 
DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
Salar1es and Expenses 
Executive Direction 
Departmental Program Evaluat1on 
Legal Serv1 ces 
Trust Funds 
International Labor Affa1rs. 
Administration and Management 
Ad]udicatwn 
Women's Bureau 
Civ1l Rights Activities. 
Ch1ef F1nanc1al Officer. 
Total. Departmental Management Salaries and 
expenses 
Federal Funds. 
Trust Fur,ds 
Veterans Employment and Training 
State Administration, Grants. 
Transition Assistance Program 
Federal Administration 
National Veter·ans' Employment and Training Services 
Inst1tute 
Homeless Veterans Programs 
Total, Veterans Employment and Training 
Federal Funds 
Trust Funds IT 
Modernization 
Departmental support systems. 
Infrastructure technology modernization. 
Total. IT Modernization. 
Office of Inspector General Program 
Activities. 
Trust Funds 
Total. Office of Inspector General. 
Total. Departmental Management. Feder-al Funds 
Current Year 
Trust Funds 
Tota'l, Workforce Investment Act Programs. 
Current Year 
FY 2019 
fatal, Title I, Department of Labor .. 
Federal Funds. 
Current Year. 
FY 2019. 
Trust Funds FY 2017 
Enacted 
38.203 
30,250 
8,040 
121 '745 
308 
86' 125 
28,834 
35,000 
12,530 
6,880 
5 '132 
334.844 
(334,536) 
(308) 
175.000 
14,600 
41 '027 
3,414 
45,000 
279.041 
45.000 
234,041 
4,898 
13,880 
18 '778 
82' 061 
5,660 
87,721 
720,384 
480 375 
(480,375) 
240.009 
5,042,854 
(3,270,854) 
(1,772,000) 
13,667.361 
9,875.568 
(8,087,568) 
(1 ,788,000) 
3,791,793 FY 2018 
Request 
27,203 
30,951 
8,025 
126,933 
308 
18,500 
23,496 
31 '939 
2,925 
6,867 
9,914 
259,858 
(259,550) 
(308) 
174,667 
16,073 
40,410 
3,408 
45,037 
279,595 
45,037 
234,558 
4,889 
24,833 29,722 
80,487 
5,649 
86' 136 
655,311 
414,796 
(414,796) 
240,515 
3,502,210 
(2.629,210) 
(873,000) 
11,296.656 
7,814,942 
(6 926,942) 
(888,000) 
3,481,714 Bi 11 
36,800 
30,250 
8,040 
122,445 
308 
26.500 
23,496 
33,561 
11 '466 
6,867 
9,914 
272.847 
(272,539) 
(308) 
175,000 
16,073 
42,027 
3,414 
47,537 
284,051 
47,537 
236,514 
4,889 
15,880 
20,769 
83,487 
5,660 
89' 147 
666,814 
424,332 
(424,332) 
242,482 
4,730,875 
(3,158,875) 
(1,572,000) 
12,121,791 
9,001,346 
(7,414,346) 
(1.587 ,000) 
3,120,445 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
·1 '403 
+700 
-59,625 
-5.338 
1 '439 
-1 '064 
-13 
+4,782 
-51.997 
(-61 ,997) 
+1,473 
+1,000 
+2,537 
+5,010 
+2,537 +2,473 
-9 
+2,000 
+1 '991 
+1,426 
+1,426 
-53,570 
-56,043 
(-56,043) 
+2,473 
311 '979 
( -111. 979) 
(-200,000) 
1,545,570 
-874,222 
(-673,222) 
( -201 '000) 
-671,348 Bill vs. 
Request 
+9,597 
-701 
+15 
-4,488 
+8,000 
+1 '622 
+8,541 
+12,989 
(+12,989) 
+333 
+1 '617 
+6 
+2,500 
+4,456 
+2,500 
+1 '956 
-8,953 -8,953 
+3,000 
+11 
+3,011 
+11 '503 
+9,536 
(+9,536) 
+1 '957 
+1 ,228,665 
(+529,665) 
(+699,000) 
+825' 135 
+1 '186,404 
(+487 .404) 
(+699,000) 
-361,269 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6778 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/82  EH06SE17.082lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F··DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE II ·DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
HEALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (HRSA) 
Primary Health Care 
Community Health Centers. 
Free Clin1cs Medical Malpractice. 
Total, Primary Health Care 
Health Workforce 
Training for Diversity: 
Centers of Excellence. 
Health Careers Opportunity Program. 
Faculty Loan Repayment. 
Scholarships for D1sadvantaged Students 
Total, Training for D1vers1ty 
Training in Primary Care Medicine. 
Oral Health Training. 
Interdisciplinary Community·Based Linkages: 
Area Health Education Centers 
Geriatric Programs 
Mental and Behavorial Health .. 
Behav1oral Health Workforce Education and Training. 
Total Interdisc1plinary Community Linkages. 
Workforce Information and Analysis 
Publlc Health and Preventive Medic1no programs .. 
Nursing Programs· 
Advanced Educat1on Nursing. 
Nurse Education, Practice, and Retention 
Nursing Workforce Diversity. 
Nursing Corps Scholarship and Loan Repayment Program 
Nursing Workforce Development 
Nursing Faculty Loan Program 
Total. Nursing programs 
Children's Hospitals Graduate Medical Education 
National Practitioner Data Bank. 
User Fees 
Total. Health Workforce 
Maternal and Child Health 
Maternal and Child Health Block Grant. 
Sickle Cell Anem1a Demonstration Program 
Autism and Other Developmental Disorders .. 
Heritable D1sorders 
Heal thy Start. 
Healthy Start In1tiative (PL 114-254) 
Universal Newborn Hearing Screening 
Emergency Med•cal Services for Children. 
Total. Maternal and Child Health. FY 2017 
Enacted 
1,490,522 
1 '000 -- ~ . - - --- ---" 
1,491.522 
21 '711 
14' 189 1 
'190 
45,970 
-------------
83,060 
38,924 
36,673 
30,250 
38,737 
9,916 
50,000 
-------------
128 ,903 
4 ,663 
17 ,000 
64,581 
39,913 
15,343 
83' 135 
26,500 ------------
229,472 
300 ,GOO 
18 ,814 
-18 .814 
-------------
838,695 
641 '700 
4,455 
47,099 
13,883 
103,500 
15,000 
17,818 
20' 162 
- ------~ ---- -
863,617 FY 2018 
Request 
1,488.587 
100 
------------
1,488,687 
-------------
4,654 
82 '977 
------------~ 
82,977 
295,000 
18,000 
-18.000 
------------
382,631 
666,987 
128,303 
-------------
795,290 Bill 
1,491,422 
100 
-------------
1 '491 '522 
9,711 
1,190 
45,970 
56,871 
38,924 36,673 
30,250 
34,737 
9,916 
25,000 
-------------
99,903 
4,663 
83' 135 
128,067 
-------------
211 '202 
300,000 
18,000 
-18' 000 
-----------
748,236 
641.700 
4.455 
47,099 
13,883 
103.500 
17,818 
20' 162 -------------
848,617 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+900 +2,835 
900 
--------------------------
+2,835 
-12,000 +9 ,711 
-14' 189 
+1 '190 
+45,970 
-·-------- --
-26' 189 +56,871 
+38,924 +36,673 
+30,250 
-4,000 +34,737 
+9,916 
-25,000 +25,000 
------------- -------------
29,000 +99, 903 
+9 
-17' 000 
-64,581 
-39,913 
-15' 343 +158 
+128,067 +128,067 
-26,500 ------------- -------------
-18' 270 +128,225 
+5,000 
-814 +814 
------------- -------------
-90,459 +365,605 
-25,287 
+4,455 
+47,099 
+13,883 
-24,803 
-15,000 
+17,818 
+20' 162 
------------- -------------
-15,000 +53,327 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6779 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/83  EH06SE17.083lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Ryan Wh1te HIV/AIDS Program 
Emergency Assistance 
Comprehens1ve Care Programs 
AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP) (NA). 
Early Intervention Program 
Ch1ldren. Youth. Women, and Famil1es 
AIDS Dental Services 
Education and Train1ng Centers. 
Special Projects of National Significance 
Total. Ryan White HIV/AIDS program. 
(Evaluation Tap Funding). 
Health Care Systems 
Organ Transplantation. 
National Cord Blood Inventory 
CW Bill Young Cell Transplantation program ... 
140B Drug Pricing program/Office of Pharmacy Affairs. 
Poison Control 
Nat1onal Hansen's Disease Program 
Hansen's Disease Program Bu1ldings and Facilities 
Payment to Hawaii, Treatment of Hansen's 
Total, Health Care Systems 
Rural Health 
Rural Outreach Grants 
Rural Health Research/Policy Development. 
Rural Hospital Flexibility Grants 
State Off1ces of Rural Health 
Black Lung Clin1cs 
Radiation Exposure Screening and Education Program .. 
Telehealth. 
Total, Rural Health 
Family Planning 
Program Management 
Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund 
Post-FY 1988 Claims. 
HRSA Adm1n1strat1ve expenses 
Total, Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund .. 
Total, Health Resources and Services Administration FY 2017 
Enacted 
655,876 
1,315,005 
(900,313) 
201 '079 
75,088 
13' 122 33,611 
25,000 
~ ~ ---- -----
,318,781 
23,549 
12,266 
22' 109 
10,238 
18,846 
15,206 
122 1 
'857 -------------
104' 193 
65,500 
9' 351 
43,609 
10,000 
7,266 
1 '834 
18,500 
156.060 
286,479 
154,000 
240,000 
7,750 
-----------
247.750 
============::::: 
6,461,097 FY 2018 
Request 
654,629 
1.312,505 
( -898. 602) 
204.689 
75,088 
13,097 
~ ~ ~ --~ ------
,260,008 
23,504 
11 . 245 
22,067 
10,219 
18 810 
11 '653 
1 '853 -------------
99,351 
50,811 
5,000 
6,753 
1 . 831 
10,000 
74,395 
286,479 
151 '993 
268,000 
9,200 
---------
2'17' 200 
=======:::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
5,816,034 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 
655, 876 +1 '247 
1. 315' 005 +2,500 
(900, 313) (+1 ,798,915) 
201 ,079 -3.610 
75, 088 
13. 122 +25 
33,611 +33,611 
25,000 +25,000 
---------
2. 318,781 +58' 773 
23,549 +45 
12,266 +1 ,021 
22' 109 +42 
10' 238 +19 
18' 846 +36 
11 ,653 -3,553 
-122 
1 '857 +4 
------------- ------------- -------------
100,518 -3,675 +1 ,167 
65,500 +14,689 
9,351 +4,351 
43,609 +43.609 
10,000 +10,000 
7,266 +513 
1 '834 +3 
18' 500 +8,500 
156,060 +81,665 
286,479 -286,479 
151 '993 -2.007 
268,000 +28,000 
8,250 +500 -950 
276,250 +28,500 -950 
============= ============= ============= 
6,091,977 -369,120 +275,943 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6780 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/84  EH06SE17.084lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION 
Immunization and Respiratory Diseases. 
Pandem1c Flu balances (Public Law 111-32)., 
Prevention and Public Health Fund 1/ _ 
Subtotal 
HIVIAIDS, Viral Hepatitis, Sexually Transmitted 
Diseases, and Tuberculosis Prevention,. 
Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases. 
Prevention and Public Health Fund 1/ 
Subtotal 
cnron1c Disease Prevention and Health Promotion. 
Prevent1on and Public Health Fund 1/ 
Subtotal 
Birth Defects, Developmental Disabilit1es, 
Disabllities and Health. 
Subtotal 
Public Health Sc1entific Services. 
Evaluat1on Tap Funding 
Subtotal. 
Environmental Health 
Childhood lead po1soning prevention (PL 114 254), 
Prevention and Publ1c Health Fund 1/ 
Subtotal 
InJury Prevention and Control, 
Nat1onal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health 
Energy Employees Occupational Illness 
Compensation Program 
Global Health. 
Public Health Preparedness and Response 
Bu1ldings and Fac1lities. 
CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support 
Prevention and Public Health Fund 11 
Office of the Director 
Subtotal, CDC-Wide Activities 
Total. Centers for Disease Control 
Discretionary 
Evaluation Tap Funding (NA), Pandemic 
Flu balances (Public Law 111-32) _ 
Prevention and Public Health Fund 11 
Total, Centers for Disease Control Program Level. FY 2017 
Enacted 
455,000 
(15,000) 
(324 ,350) 
(794,350) 
1,117,278 
532,922 
(52,000) 
584,922 
777 '646 
(337,950) 
1,115,596 
137,560 
137,560 
489,397 
(489,397) 
163.750 
35,000 
(17,000) 
215,750 
286,059 
335,200 
55,358 
435' 121 
1,405,000 
10,000 
(160,000) 
113' 570 
(273,570) 
============== 
6,348,861 
6,293,503 
(15 '000) 
(891 ,300) 
(7,255,161) FY 2018 
Request 
497,228 
(203,600) (700,828) 
934,000 
377 '000 
(137 .000) 
514,000 
452,250 
(500,000) 
952.250 
100,000 100,000 
317,032 
(142,968) 
(460,000) 
157,000 
157,000 
216' 165 
200,000 
55,358 
350,000 
1,266,000 
20,000 
105,000 
(105,000) 
:;:;;:;;:::;;:::;;========= 
5,047,033 
4,991,675 
(142,968) 
(840 .600) 
(6,030,601) Bill 
470,700 
(273,650) (744,350) 
1,117,278 
499,522 
(52,000) 
551 '522 
703,696 
(337,950) 
1,041,646 
137,560 
137,560 
328,697 
(150,700) 
(479,397) 
142,750 
(17' 000) 
159,750 
286,059 
325,200 
55,358 
435' 121 
,450,000 
10,000 
(160,000) 
103,570 
(263,570) 
====::;::::::;::;:;::;::;::;:= 
6,065,511 
6,010,153 
(150, 700) 
(840,600) 
(7 ,056,811) Bill VS. 
Enacted 
+15,700 
(-15,000) 
(-50,700) (-50,000) 
-33,400 -33,400 -73,950 -73,950 
-160,700 
(+150,700) 
(-10,000) 
-21 '000 
-35,000 
-56,000 
-10' 000 
+45,000 
-10,000 
( -10' 000) 
============:;;: 
-283,350 
-283,350 
(+150,700) 
(-15,000) 
(-50,700) 
(-198,350) Bill vs. 
Request 
·26,528 
(+70,050) 
(+43,522) 
+183,278 
+122,522 
(-85,000) 
+37,522 
+251 '446 
(-162,050) 
+89,396 
+37,560 +37,560 
+1 1 '665 
(+7,732) 
(+19,397) 
-14' 250 
(+17,000) 
+2,750 
+69,894 
+125,200 
+85' 121 
+184,000 
-10' 000 
(+160,000) 
-1 '430 
(+158,570) 
============= 
+1 ,018,478 
+1 ,018,478 
(+7,732) 
-~ ~ -------
(+1 ,026,210) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6781 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/85  EH06SE17.085lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
National Cancer Institute. 
National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. 
National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research .. 
National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and K1dney 
D1seases (NIDDK) 
Juvenile Diabetes (mandatory) 
Subtotal. NIDDK program level .. 
National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. 
Nat1onal Institute of General Medical Sciences 
Evaluat1on Tap Fund1ng. 
Subtotal, NGMS program level. 
Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child 
Health and Human Development .. 
National Eye Institute 
National Institute of Env1ronmental Health Sciences 
Nat1onal Institute on Aging. 
National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal 
and Sk1n Diseases. 
Nat1onal Institute on Deafness and Other Communication 
D1sorders 
Nat1onal Inst1tute of Nursing Research. 
Nat1onal Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. 
Nat·1onal Inst1tute on Drug Abuse. 
National Institute of Mental Health 
National Human Genome Research Institute 
National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and 
B1oengineering 
Nat1onal Center for Complementary and Integrative 
Health 
Nat1ona1 Institute on Minority Health and Health 
D1sparities. 
John E. Fogarty International Center 
Nat1onal Library of Medicine (NLM) 
National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences. 
Nat1onal Institute for Research on Safety and Quality3/ 
Office of the D1rector 
Common Fund (non-add) 
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act (Common 
Fund add) 
NIH Innovat1on Account, CURES Act2/ 
Build1ngs and Fac1lities 
Total, Nat1onal Institutes of Health (NIH) 
(Evaluation Tap Funding) 
Total, NIH Program Level FY 2017 
Enacted 
5,389,329 
3,206,589 
425,751 
1,870,595 
(150,000) 
~ ~ --- - - - - - - - -
2,020,595 
1,783,654 
4,906,638 
1 '826 '395 
(824,443) 
-------------
2,650,838 
1 '380' 295 
732,618 
714,261 
,048.610 
557,851 
436,875 
150,273 
483,363 
1,090,853 
1 '601 '931 
528,566 
357,080 
134,689 
289,069 
72,213 
407.510 
705,903 
1 '665' 183 
(682,856) 
12' 600 
352,000 
128.863 
33,259,557 
(824,443) FY 2018 
Request 
4,174,222 
2,534,803 
320,749 
1,449,534 
(150,000) 
-------------
1 '599' 534 
1,312,998 
3,782,670 
1,405,509 
(780,000) 
-------------
2,185,509 
1,032,029 
549,847 533,537 
1,303,541 
417,898 
325,846 
113,688 
361 '356 
864,998 
1 '201 '901 
399,622 
282' 614 
1 01 ,793 
214,723 
373,258 
557,373 
272,000 
1,329,833 
(441 ,823) 
12,600 
496,000 
98,615 
25,823,557 
(780,000) Bi 1l 
5' 471 '181 
3,256,521 
432,363 
1,899,733 
(150,000) 
-------------
2, 049 ,733 
1 '810' 011 
5,005, 813 1 
'889' 332 
(824,443) 
-------------
2,713.775 
1,401,727 
743,881 
725,387 
2,458,733 
566,515 
443,624 
152,599 
490.796 
1,107,497 
1,625,461 
536.774 
362,506 
136,741 
293,583 
73,353 
413,848 
718,867 
1 '705' 248 
(682,980) 
12,600 
496,000 
128.863 
34,359,557 
(824.443) Bi 1l vs 
Enacted 
+81,852 +49,932 
+6,612 
+29, 138 +29, 138 
+26,357 
+99, 175 +62,937 
+62,937 
+21,432 
+11 '263 
+11 '126 
+410, 123 
+8,664 
+6 ,7 49 
+2,326 +7,433 
+16.644 
+23,530 
+8,208 
+5,426 
+2,052 
+4,514 
+1 '140 
+6,338 
+12,964 
+40,065 
(+124) 
+144,000 
+1 '1 00' 000 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+1 ,296,959 
+721 '718 
+111 ,614 
+450, 199 
+450, 199 
+497,013 
+1 ,223,143 
+483,823 
(+44 ,443) 
+528,266 
+369,698 
+194,034 
+191 ,850 
+1,155,192 
+148,617 
+117,778 
+38,911 
+129,440 
+242,499 
+423,560 
+137' 152 
+79,892 
+34,948 
+78,860 
+73,353 
+40,590 
+161 ,494 
-272,000 
+375,415 
(+241 '157) 
+30,248 
+8,536,000 
(+44,443) 
(34,084.000) (26,603,557) (35.184,000) (+1 ,100,000) (+8,580,443) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6782 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/86  EH06SE17.086lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES 
ADMINISTRATION (SAMHSA) 
Mental Health 
Programs of Regional and National Significance. 
Prevent1on and Publ1c Health Fund 11. 
Subtotal, 
Mental Health block grant. 
Evaluation Tap Funding. 
Subtotal 
Children s Mental Health 
Grants to States for the Homeless (PATH) 
Protection and Advocacy 
Subtotal, Mental Health 
(Evaluat1on Tap Funding),, 
(Prevent1on and Public Health Fund 11) 
Subtotal Mental Health program level. 
Substance Abuse Treatment 
Programs of Regional and Nat1onal Significance. 
Evaluation Tap Funding 
Subtotal 
Substance Abuse block grant. 
Evaluation Tap Funding 
Subtotal block grant. 
Subtotal, Substance Abuse Treatment. 
(Evaluation Tap Funding), 
Subtotal, Program level, 
Substance Abuse Prevention 
Programs of Regional and National Significance 
Total, Substance Abuse Prevent1on. 
Health Surveillance and Program Support 
Evaluation Tap Funding (NA). 
Subtotal 
Total, SAMHSA. 
(Evaluation Tap Funding) 
(Prevention and Publ1c Health Fund 11). 
Total SAMHSA Program Level., FY 2017 
Enacted 
386,659 
(12,000) 
398,659 
541,532 
( 21 '039) 
(562,571) 
119' 026 
64,635 
36' 146 
1,147,998 
(21 '039) 
(12,000) 
( 1 '181 '037) 
352,427 
(2,000) 
(354 ,427) 
1,778,879 
(79.200) 
(1 ,858,079) 
2' 131 '306 
( 81 '200) 
(2,212,506) 
223,219 
223,219 
116,830 
( 31 '428) 
148,258 
3,619,353 
(133,667) 
( 12' 000) 
(3,765,020) FY 2018 
Request 
277,419 
277,419 
400,000 
( 15 '539) 
(415,539) 
118 '800 
64,512 
36 '077 
896,808 
(15,539) 
(912,347) 
339,738 
(2,000) 
(341,738) 
1,775,497 
{79,200) 
(1 ,854,697) 
2,115,235 
( 81 '200) 
(2,196,435) 
149 ,703 
149,703 
108,922 
(23,426) 
132,348 
3,270,668 
( 120' 165) 
(3,390,833) Bi 1 I 
308,861 308,861 
400,000 
(21 '039) 
( 421 '039) 
119,026 
64,635 
36' 146 
928,668 
(21 '039) 
(949,707) 
351 '427 
(2,000) 
(353,427) 
1,778,879 
(79,200) 
(1 ,858,079) 
2,130,306 
(81 '200) 
(2,211 ,506) 
165,373 
165,373 108,922 
(23,426) 
132,348 
3,333,269 
(125,665) 
(3,458,934) Bill VS 
Enacted 
• 77' 798 
(-12,000) 
. 89 ,798 
-141 '532 
( -141 '532) 
-219,330 
(-12,000) 
(-231 ,330) 
-1 '000 
( -1 '000) 
-1 '000 
( -1 '000) 
-57,846 -57,846 
-7,908 
(-8,002) 
15' 910 
-286,084 
(-8,002) 
(-12,000) 
( 306,086) Bi 11 VS, 
Request 
+31 '442 
+31 '442 
(+5,500) (+5,500) 
+226 +123 +69 
+31 '860 
(+5,500) 
(+37,360) 
+11 '689 
(+11 '689) 
+3,382 
(+3,382) 
+15,071 
(+15' 071) 
+15,670 +15,670 
+62 '601 
(+5,500) 
(+68' 101) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6783 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/87  EH06SE17.087lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F· DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
AGENCY FOR HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY (AHRQ)3/ 
Healthcare Research and Quality 
Research on Health Costs. Quality, and Outcomes· 
Federal Funds. 
Subtotal, Health Costs, Quality, and Outcomes. 
Medical Expenditures Panel Surveys· 
Federal Funds 
Progr·am Support 
Federal Funds 
Total, AHRQ Program level 3/. 
Federal funds 3/ 
Total, Publ1c Health Service (PHS) appropriation 
Total, Public Health Service Program Level. 
CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERVICES 
Grants to States for Medicaid Medicaid 
Current Law Benefits 
State and Local Administration. 
Vaccines for Children 
Subtotal Medica•d Program Level. 
Less funds advanced in prior year .. 
Total, Grants to States for Medicaid. 
New advance. 1st quarter, FY 2019. Payments 
to Health Care Trust Funds 
Supplemental Medical Insurance 
Federal Un1nsured Payment. Program 
Management 
General Revenue for Part D Benef1t 
General Revenue for Part D Administration. 
HCFAC Reimbursement 
State Low-Income Determinat1on for Part D. 
Total, Payments to Trust Funds, Program Level. 
Program Management 
Research, Demonstration, Evaluation. 
Program Operations. 
State Survey and Certification .. 
Federal Administrat1on 
Total, Program management .. 
Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Account 
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
HHS Office of Inspector General 
Medica•d/CHIP. 
Department of Just1ce 
Total, Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control 
Total, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
Federal funds. 
Current year. 
New advance, FY 2019. 
Trust Funds. FY 2017 
Enacted 
187' 156 ( 
187' 156) 
66,000 
70,844 
(324,000) (324,000) 
50,012,868 
(51 ,889,278) 
354,223,901 
18,975,984 
4,386,584 
377,586,469 
-115.582.502 
---------- --
262,003,967 
125,219,452 
214 ,944,000 
147,000 
877' 500 
82 ,512,000 
405,000 
299,000 
3,200 
299,187,700 
20,054 
2, 519,823 
397,334 
732,533 
3, 669,744 
486,936 
82' 132 
82' 132 
73,800 
725 ,000 
============= 
690,805,863 
686,411,119 
(561 '191 ,667) 
(125,219,452) 
4' 394,744 FY 2018 
Request 
39,957,292 
(41 ,841 ,025) 
384,608, 394 
20,811 ,084 
4,598, 358 
410,017,836 
-125,219,452 
-------------
284,798,384 
134,847,759 
245, 396,000 
132,000 
1 '104 ,000 
76' 133 '000 
422,000 
307,000 
3,300 
323,497,300 
18,054 
2,441,274 
406,135 
722,533 
.587,996 
536,145 
74,246 
74,246 
66,363 
751 ,000 
===========-== 
747,482,439 743.143,443 
(608,295,684) 
(134,847,759) 
4,338,996 Bi 11 
167' 156 ( 
167' 156) 
66,000 
66,844 
(300,000) 
(300,000) 
50,150,314 
(52,091,722) 
384,608,394 
20,811,084 
4,598,358 
.. ~ - ----·-· 
410.017,836 
-125.219,452 
------------
284,798,384 
134,847,759 
245,396.000 
132.000 
1,104,000 
76,133,000 
422,000 
307,000 
3,300 
323,497,300 
2, 341,274 
397,334 
712,533 
-------· 
3, 451 '141 
486,936 
82' 132 
82' 132 
93,800 
745,000 
============= 
747,339,584 743,143,443 
(608,295,684) (134,847,759) 
4' 196' 141 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
·20,000 
(-20,000) 
·4,000 
(-24,000) 
( ·24. 000) Bill vs. 
Request 
+167,156 
(+167' 156) 
+66,000 
+66,844 
(+300,000) (+300,000) 
+137,446 +10,193,022 
(+202,444) (+10,250,697) 
+30,384,493 
+1,835,100 
+211,774 
-------~ . ~ --~ ----~ -- ~ ---
+32' 431 '367 
-9,636,950 
------------- -------------
+22,794,417 
+9,628,307 
+30,452,000 
·15' 000 
+226,500 
·6,379,000 
+17' 000 
+8,000 
+100 
+24,309.600 
-20,054 -18,054 
-178,549 -100,000 
-8,801 
-20,000 -10' 000 
~ -----·-
-218,603 -136,855 
·49,209 
+7,886 +7,886 
+20,000 +27,437 
---------.. 
+20,000 -6,000 
============= ============= 
+56,533,721 -142,855 
+56,732,324 
(+47,104,017) 
(+9,628,307) 
-198,603 142,855 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6784 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/88  EH06SE17.088lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES (ACF) 
Payments to States for Child Support Enforcement and Family 
Support Programs 
Payments to Territor1es 
Repat nat 1 on. 
Subtotal. 
Child Support Enforcement: 
State and Local Adminlstration 
Federal Incentive Payments 
Access and Visitat1on 
Subtotal, Chi 1 d Support Enforcement 
Total, Family Support Payments Program Level. 
Less funds advanced in previous years 
Total, Fam1ly Support Payments. current year 
New advance, 1st quarter, FY 2019. 
Low Income Home Energy Assistance (LIHEAP) 
Formula Grants 
Refugee and Entrant Assistance 
Transitional and Medical Services 
Refugee Support Services. 
Victims of Trafficking. 
Social Services 
Preventive Health 
Targeted Assistance 
Unaccompan1ed Minors. 
Vict1ms of Torture. 
Total, Refugee and Entrant Assistance 
Payments to States for the Child Care and Development 
Block Grant. 
Social Services Block Grant (Title XX). 
Children and Families Services Programs 
Programs for Children, Youth and Families· 
Head Start, current funded 
Preschool Development Grants 
Consol1dated Runaway, Homeless Youth Program .... 
Prevention Grants to Reduce Abuse of Runaway Youth. 
Ch1ld Abuse State Grants 
Ch1ld Abuse D1scretionary Act1vities 
Commun1ty Based Child Abuse Prevention 
Child Welfare Services 
Ci1ild Welfare Tranting, Research. or Demonstr·ation 
prOJeCtS 
Adopt1on Opportunities. 
Adoption Incentive grants .. 
Soc1al Services and Income Maintenance Research. 
Native American Programs FY 2017 
Enacted 
33,000 
1 '000 
~ ~ ---------. -
34,000 
3' 680,840 
585,791 
10,000 
-------------
4,276,631 
-------------
4,310,631 
-1,300,000 
3 010,631 
1,400,000 
3,390,304 
490,000 
18 ,755 
155,000 
4,600 
47,601 
948,000 
10,735 
-------------
1,674,691 
2,856,000 
1,700,000 
9,253,095 
250,000 
101 '980 
17 '141 
25,310 
33,000 
39,764 
268,735 
17 '984 
39' 100 
37.943 
6,512 
52,050 FY 2018 
Request 
33,000 
1 '000 
-------------
34,000 
3,763,200 
588,200 
10,000 
-------------
4,361,400 
----------
4,395,400 
-1 '400 '000 
2,995,400 
1,400,000 
320' 000 
159' 321 
18,719 
948,000 
10,715 
-------------
1 '456 ,755 
2,761,000 
9,168,095 
101 '786 
17' 108 
25,262 
32,937 39,688 
268,224 
17,950 
30,072 
37,871 
6,500 
49,905 Bi 1l 
33,000 
1 '000 
-------------
34,000 
3 ,763' 200 
588, 200 10, 000 
------------
4,361,400 
------------
4,395,400 
-1 '400' 000 
2,995,400 
1,400,000 
3,390,304 
320,000 
175,321 
18 ,755 
498,000 
10,735 
-------------
1 '022' 811 
2,860,000 
1 700,000 
9,275,000 
250,000 
101 '980 
17' 141 
25,310 
33,000 
39,764 
268,735 
17,984 
39' 100 
37,943 
6,512 
52,050 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-------------
+82,360 
+2,409 
-------------
+84,769 +84,769 
-100.000 
-15,231 
-170,000 
+175,321 
155,000 
-4,600 
-47,601 
-450,000 
-------------
-651,880 
+4,000 
+21,905 Bill vs. 
Request 
-------------
-------------
+3,390,304 
+16,000 
+36 
-450,000 
+20 
-433,944 
+99,000 
+1,700,000 
+106,905 
+250,000 
+194 +33 
+48 +63 +76 
+511 
+34 
+9 '028 
+72 
+12 
+2' 145 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6785 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/89  EH06SE17.089lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
Commun1ty Services: 
Community Services Block Grant Act programs. 
Grants to States for Community Services. 
Economic Development. 
Rural Community Facilit1es 
Subtotal, Community Services 
Domestic Violence Hotline 
Family Violence/Battered Women's Shelters. 
Chafee Education and Training Vouchers 
Disaster Human Services Case Management. 
Program Direction. 
Total, Chi1dren and Famil1es Services Programs. 
Promoting Safe and Stable Families .. 
Discretionary Funds 
Total, Promoting Safe and Stable Families 
Payments for Foster Care and Permanency 
Foster Car·e 
Adopt1on Assistance 
Guardianship 
Independent Living 
Total, Payments to States 
Less Advances from Prior Year. 
Total, payments, current year. 
New Advance. 1st quarter, FY 2019. 
Total , ACF 
Current year 
FY 2019. 
Total . ACF Program Level 
ADMINISTRATION FOR COMMUNITY LIVING 
Aging and Disab1lity Services Programs 
Grants to States 
Home and Community-based Supportive Services. 
Preventive Health. 
Protection of Vulnerable Older Americans-Title VII. 
Subtotal 
Family Caregivers 
Native American Caregivers Support 
Subtotal, Caregivers 
Nutrition 
Congregate Meals. 
Home Delivered Meals 
Nutrition Serv1ces Incentive Program. 
Subtotal . 
Subtotal, Gr·ants to States FY 2017 
Enacted 
715,000 
19,883 
7,500 
742,383 
8,250 
151 '000 
43,257 
1 '864 
205,000 
11,294,368 
325,000 
59,765 
384,765 
.992,000 
2,780,000 
152,000 
140,000 
8,064,000 
-2,300,000 
5,764,000 
2,500,000 
33,974,759 
(30.074,759) 
(3,900,000) 
33,974,759 
350,224 
19,848 
20,658 
-----------
390,730 
150,586 
7.556 
-------------
158' 142 
450,342 
227,342 
160,069 
837,753 
-------------
1,386,625 FY 2018 
Request 
8,250 
151 '000 
43' 175 
1 '860 
204,610 
10,204,293 
5, 345,000 
59,651 
404,651 
537 ,000 
2 ,867, 000 
181 '000 
140 . 000 
-------------
8 725,000 
-2,500,000 
----------
6,225,000 
2,700,000 
============= 
28,147,099 
(24,047,099) 
(4,100,000) 
--------- - ~ -
28,147,099 
347,063 
19,810 
20,619 
~ ------~ -----
387,492 
150,300 
7.517 
-------------
157,817 
447,490 
225,912 
159,765 
833 '167 
·----------
1,378,476 Bill 
600,000 
10,000 
7,500 
617,500 
8,750 
151 '000 
43,257 
1 '864 
194,610 
11 '181 '500 
325,000 
59,765 
384,765 
5,537,000 
2,867,000 
181 '000 
140.000 
-------- ----
8,725,000 
-2,500,000 
-------------
6,225,000 
2,700,000 
============= 
33.859,780 
(29,759,780) 
(4,100,000) 
-------------
33,859,780 
350,224 
19,848 
20,658 -~ -------. 
390,730 
150,586 
7,556 
-------------
158. 142 
450,342 
227' 342 
160,069 
837,753 
-------------
1,386,625 Bill VS 
Enacted 
-115,000 
-9,883 
-124,883 
+500 
-10' 390 
-112,868 
+545,000 
+87,000 +29,000 
-------------
+661 '000 
-200,000 
-------------
+461 '000 
+200,000 
============= 
114,979 
(-314,979) 
(+200,000) 
-------------
114,979 
-------------
-------------Bill vs. 
Request 
+600,000 
+10,000 
+7,500 
+617 ,500 +500 
+82 
+4 
-10,000 
+977' 207 
-20,000 
+114 
-19' 886 
-------------
-------------
============= 
+5,712,681 
(+5,712,681) 
-------------
+5,712,681 
+3' 161 +38 +39 
----------
+3,238 
+286 +39 
-------------
+325 
+2,852 
+1 ,430 
+304 
+4,586 
-------------
+8' 149 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6786 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/90  EH06SE17.090lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION. AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Grants for Native Amer1cans. Aging Network 
Support Activities .. 
Alzhe1mer's Disease Demonstrat1ons 
Prevention and Public Health Fund 1/. 
Lifespan Respite Care 
Chronic Disease Self-Management Program 
Prevention and Public Health Fund 1/ 
Elder Falls Prevention 
Prevention and Public Health Fund 11. 
Elder Rights Support Activities 
Aging and Disability Resources. 
Senior Community Service Employment Program 
State Health Insurance Program. 
Paralysis Resource Center 
Limb loss 
Traumatic Brain InJury. 
Developmental Disabilities Programs: 
Partnerships for Innovation, Inclusion, and 
Independence. , 
State Councils 
Protect1on and Advocacy 
Voting Access for Individuals with Disabilities. 
Developmental Disabilit•es Projects of National 
Sigm f1cance 
Un1vers1ty Centers for Excellence in Developmental 
Disabilities. 
Subtotal, Developmental Disabilities Programs. 
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
Independent Living 
National Institute on Disability, Independent 
Living, and Rehabilitation Research 
Assistive Technology 
Subtotal. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
Program Administration. 
Total, Administration for Community Living (ACL) 
Federal funds 
Trust Funds. 
(Prevention and Public Health Fund 1/), 
Total ACL pr-ogram level. 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
General Departmental Management 
General Departmental Management, Federal Funds .. 
Teen Pregnancy Prevention Community Grants 
Evaluation Tap Funding 
Subtotal, Grants FY 2017 
Enacted 
31 '208 
9,961 
4,800 
(14,700) 
3,360 
(8,000) (5,000) 
13,874 
6' 119 
47' 115 
6,700 
2,500 
9 '321 
73,000 
38,734 
4,963 
10,000 
38 ,619 
~ -. ----------
165' 316 
101 '183 
103,970 
34,000 
239,153 
40,063 
::::::;:;::::::;;:::::::::::::::::::::::::;;:;-:;: 
1 '966' 115 
(1 ,919,000) 
(47,115) 
(27,700) 
-------------
1,993,815 
199,620 
101 '000 
(6,800) 
(107,800) FY 2018 
Request 
31 ,099 
9,942 
19,490 
3,354 
5,000 5,000 
11 '851 
6' 107 
3' 162 
45,000 
38,660 
4,954 
,600 
38 '546 
-------------
134,760 
78' 156 
95' 127 
31 '939 
205,222 
37,987 
======::;;====== 
1 .851,450 
(1 .851 ,450) 
-------------
1,851,450 
203,500 Bi 11 
31,208 
9' 961 
19,500 
3,360 
5,000 
5,000 
11 '874 
6' 119 
300,000 
6,700 
2,500 
9' 321 
73,000 
38,734 
4,963 
7,600 
38,619 
-------------
162,916 
101 '183 
103,970 
34,000 
239,153 
37,987 
======:::::::::;;::;:;:;:::::;: 
2,237, 224 
(2,237. 224) 
-------------
2,237,224 
199,620 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
+14,700 
(-14.700) 
+5,000 
(-8,000) 
+5,000 
(-5,000) 
·2,000 
+300, 000 
-47. 115 
-2,400 
-------------
-2,400 
-2,076 
============= 
+271,109 
(+318,224) 
( -47' 115) 
(-27,700) 
-------------
+243,409 
-101 '000 
( -6' 800) 
(-107,800) Bill VS, 
Request 
+109 
+19 
+10 
+6 
+23 +12 
+300,000 
+6,700 +2,500 
+6' 159 
-45,000 
+73,000 
+74 
+9 
+73 
--------- ---
+28, 156 
+23,027 
+8,843 
+2' 061 
+33 '931 
============= 
+385 '774 
(+385,774) 
-------------
+385 '774 
-3,880 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6787 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/91  EH06SE17.091lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F -DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR. HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION. AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Faith-Based Center. 
Sexual Risk Avo1dance. 
M1 nor it y Health 
Office of Women's Health. 
M1nority HIV/AIDS prevention and treatment 
Embryo Adoption Awareness Campaign. 
Planning and Evaluation, Evaluation Tap Funding 
Subtotal, General Departmental Management. 
Total, General Departmental Management. 
Federal Funds. 
(Evaluation Tap Funding). 
Total, General Departmental Management Program. 
Office of Med1care Hearings and Appeals 
Office of the National Coord1nator for Health 
Information Technology 
Office of Inspector General 
Inspector General Federal Funds 
HCFAC fund 1 ng ( NA) 
Total , Inspector General Program Level. 
Office for Civil Rights 
Federal Funds 
Ret1rement Pay and Medical Benefits for 
Commissioned Officers 
Retirement Payments. 
Surv1vors Benefits 
Dependents' Medical Care 
Total ,Medical Benefits for Commissioned Officers. 
Public Health and Social Serv1ces Emergency Fund 
(PHSSEF) 
Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response 
Operations 
Preparedness and Emergency Operations 
National Disaster Medical System. 
Hospital Preparedness Cooperative Agreement Grants: 
Formula Grants 
B1omedical Advanced Research and Development 
Authority (BARDA) 
Policy and Plannir1g 
Project BioSh1eld 
Subtotal, Preparedness and Response. FY 2017 
Enacted 
1 '299 
15,000 
56,670 
32' 140 
53,900 
1 '000 
(58,028) 
460,629 460,629 
(460,629) 
(64,828) 
525,457 
107,381 
60,367 
80,000 
(334,097) (414,097) 
38,798 
457,459 
31 '559 
141 '390 
-------------
630,408 
30,938 
24,654 
49,904 
254,555 
511 ,700 
14 '877 
510 ,000 
---------
1,396,628 FY 2018 
Request 
1 '299 
10,000 
56,562 
32' 140 
1 '000 
(57,465) 
---~ -~ ~ ~ -
304,501 
-------------
304 ,501 
(304, 501) (57 
,465) 
361 '966 
117' 177 
38' 381 
68,085 
(68,085) 
32,530 
456,266 
31 '583 
130,840 
-------------
618,689 
30,879 
24 ,607 
49,809 
227,201 
511 ,700 
14,849 
510.000 
-------------
1,369,045 Bi11 
1 '299 
20,000 
45,250 
25,712 
1 '000 
(57,465) 
292,881 
-------------
292,881 
(292,881) 
(57,465) 
350,346 
112' 381 
38,381 
80,000 
(80,000) 
38,798 
456,266 
31 '583 
130,840 
-------------
618,689 
30,938 
24,654 
49,904 
254, 555 
520, 000 
14' 877 
530,000 
-------------
1,424,928 Bill VS, 
Enacted 
+5,000 
-11 '420 
-6,428 
-53,900 
( -563) 
-167,748 
-------------
-167,748 
(-167,748) 
(-7,363) 
-------- ----
-175' 111 
+5,000 
-21 '986 
(-334' 097) ... ------
(-334,097) 
-1 '193 
+24 
10,550 
-------------
-11 ,719 
+8,300 
+20,000 
-------------
+28,300 Bill vs, 
Request 
+10,000 
-11 '312 
-6,428 
-11 '620 -------------
11 '620 
( -11 '620) 
--~ ----------
-11 '620 
-4,796 
+11 '915 
(+11 ,915) 
+6,268 
-------------
+59 +47 
+95 
+27 '354 
+8,300 
+28 
+20,000 
-------------
+55,883 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6788 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/92  EH06SE17.092lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Assistant Secretary for Administration 
Assistant Secretary for Administration, Cybersecurity .. 
Office of Security and Strategic Information. 
Public Health and Science 
Medical Reserve Corps. 
Pandemic Influenza Preparedness. 
Pandemic Flu balances (Public Law 111-32) .......... . 
Subtotal, Pandemic Influenza Preparedness. 
Subtotal, Non-pandemic flu/BioShield/Parklawn/Other 
construction. 
Tota 1 , PHSSEF. 
Account for the State Response to the Opioid Abuse 
Crisis, CURES Act21. 
Total, Office of the Secretary .. 
Federal Funds. 
Trust Funds. 
(Evaluation Tap Funding) .. 
Total, Office of the Secretary Program Level. 
Total, Title II, Health and Human Services .. 
Federal Funds. 
Current year ... 
FY 2019. 
Trust Funds .. 
Total, Pandemic Flu balances (Public Law 111-32). 
Total, Prevention and Public Health Fund 11. 
Title II Footnotes: 
1/ Sec.4002 of Public Law 111-148 
2/ 21St Century CURES Act (Public Law 114-255); FY2017 
funds provided in Public law 114-254 
3/ FY2018 budget request proposes consolidating the 
Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality within the 
National Institutes of Health as the National 
Institute for Research on Safety and Quality FY 2017 
Enacted 
50,860 
7,470 6,000 
57,000 
(15,000) 
72,000 
--a ~ -- - -
950,958 
~ ~ ..., .. -~ -------
1 '517' 958 
500,000 
:::::::::;:::;:::::::::::::::=-=== 
3,395,541 
3' 288' 160 107,381 
(64,828) 
----------
3,475,369 
:::::::::::::::;:;;;;;;::::;::::::::: 
780,155,146 
775 '598' 156 
(646,478,704) 
(129, 119,452) 
4,556,990 
(30,000) 
(931 ,000) FY 2018 
Request 
73,263 
7,456 
5,989 
206,863 
~~~-~~~~~----
206,863 -~ ~ -----~ .. ---
945,753 _.,. _____ ,. ____ 
1,662,616 
500,000 
=====;======= 
3,341,979 
3,224,802 
117' 177 
(57,465) 
---------
3,399,444 
::::::;:-::::;:::::::.::::::::::===== 
820,780,259 
816,314,886 
(677,367,127) 
(138,947,759) 
4,465,373 
(840,600) Bill vs. Bi11 vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
50,860 -22,403 
7,470 +14 
6,000 +11 
250,000 +193,000 +43 '137 
(·15,000) 
v * ~ ~ -.. --~. ----------- ~------- -----~ 
250,000 +178,000 +43,137 
-__ ,. ______ ---~ --- ~ ------------- .. -
959,258 +8,300 +13,505 -------------____ , ____ .... ______ ., .. ___ 
1, 739,258 +221,300 +76,642 
500,000 
~:::::::::::::::;::::::;::;:::;::::::::::: =-============ ========:::::::;:::::::::; 
3,420,388 +24,847 +78,409 
3,308,007 +19,847 +83,205 
112,381 +5,000 -4,796 
(57,465) (-7,363) 
-••••w••••••• ------.. 
3 '477' 853 +2,484 +78,409 
=======:::===== ============= ========-:::==== 
837,007,290 +56' 852' 144 +16,227,031 
832,690,518 +57,092,362 +16,375,632 
(693,742,759) (+47,264,055) (+16,375,632) 
(138,947,759) (+9,828,307) 
4,316,772 -240,218 -148' 601 
(-30,000) 
(840,600) (-90,400) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6789 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/93  EH06SE17.093lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION EDUCATION 
FOR THE DISADVANTAGED 
Grants to Local Educational Agencies (LEAs) 
Basic Grants: 
Advance from prior year .. , Forward funded 
.. 
Current funded. 
Subtotal, Basic grants current year approp ... 
Subtotal, Basic grants total funds available. 
Basic Grants FY 2019 Advance. 
Subtotal, Basic grants, program level .. 
Concentration Grants· 
Advance from prior year .. 
FY 2019 Advance. 
Subtotal. 
Targeted Grants: 
Advance from prior year ... 
FY 2019 Advance 
Subtotal. 
Education Finance Incentive Grants: 
Advance from prior year. 
FY 2019 Advance. 
Subtotal . 
Subtotal, Grants to LEAs, program level. 
FOCUS Grants (ESIA-l·E). 
Innovative Approaches to Literacy. 
Comprehensive literacy development grants 
State Agency Programs. 
Migrant. 
Neglected and Delinquent/High Risk Youth. 
Subtotal. State Agency programs ... 
Migrant Education: 
High School Equivalency Program.,, 
Total, Education for the disadvantaged., 
Current Year. 
FY 2019. 
Subtotal, Forward Funded .. 
IMPACT AID 
Basic Support Payments .. 
Payments for Children with Disabilities. 
Facilities Maintenance (Sec. 8008) .. 
Construction (Sec. 8007)'. 
Payments for Federal Property (Sec. 8002). . . . . . . . ' ' . 
Total, Impact aid. FY 2017 
Enacted 
(2,390,776) 
4,613,625 
5,000 
~~~~~--------
4,618,625 
(7,009,401) 
1,840,776 -------------
6.459,401 
(1 ,362,301) 
1,362,301 
-----------
1 '362 '301 
(3,544,050) 
3,819,050 -----------
3,819,050 
(3,544,050) 
3,819,050 
-~----~------
3,819,050 
=====:::.::======= 
15,459,802 
27.000 190,000 
374,751 47,614 
------------
422,365 
44,623 
======::::====== 
16,143,790 
(5,302,613) 
(10,841 ,177) 
{5,225,990) 
1 '189' 233 
48,316 4,835 
17 '406 68,813 
::::::====-=====:::= 
1,328,603 FY 2018 
Request 
(1 ,840, 776) 
2,733,460 
466' 100 -------------
3' 199 '560 
(5,040,336) 
3,231,497 
6,431,057 
( 1 '362' 301) 
1,362,301 -------------
1 '362' 301 
(3,819,050) 
3,544,050 
---------
3,544,050 
(3,819,050) 
3,544,050 
-----~ .., _____ 
3,544,050 
:;:;;;;:;;;::::::::::;:::::::::::;:;;::;:::;;::;: 
15,881.458 
1,000,000 
374,039 
47,523 __ .. __________ 
421 '562 
44,538 
============= 
16,347,558 
(4,665,660) 
(11 ,681 ,898) 
{3,155,022) 
1 '166' 012 
48,224 
4,826 
17,373 
============= 
1,236,435 6i 11 
( 1 '840' 776) 
4,613,625 
5,000 
------------
4,618,625 
(6,459,401) 
1 ,840, 776 _____ ,. -----
6,459,401 
(1 ,362,301) 
1,362,301 -------------
1.362,301 
(3,819,050) 
3,819,050 -----------
3,819,050 
(3,819,050) 
3,819,050 -------------
3,819,050 
;;;;;;;::::;::::::::::====== 
15,459,802 
27,000 
374,751 47,614 
~---------
422,365 44,623 
=======:::::::===== 
15,953,790 
(5' 112' 613) (10,841 ,177) 
(5,035,990) 
1 '194' 233 48,316 
4,835 
17' 406 
68,813 
============= 
1,333,603 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
( 
-550' 000) 
+1,880,165 FF 
-461 '100 
---------·-------------
+1,419,065 
(-550,000) (+1 ,419,065) 
1 ,390, 721 ------------- -------------
+28,344 
-------------
(+275,000) +275,000 
_________ ,._ -------------
+275,000 (+275,000) +275,000 
------------., ____________ 
+275,000 
=========::::;;:::::::: =:::=========== 
-421,656 
-1,000,000 
+27,000 
-190,000 FF 
+712 FF 
+91 FF 
+803 
+85 
=========:::=== ============-= 
-190,000 -393,768 
(-190,000) (+446,953) 
(·840,721) 
(-190,000) ( + 1 . 880' 968) 
+5,000 +28,221 
+92 
+9 
+33 +68,813 
============= ============= 
+5,000 +97' 168 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6790 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/94  EH06SE17.094lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS 
Supporting Effective Instruction State Grants. 
Advance from prior year. 
FY 2019 
Subtotal, Supporting Effective Instruction 
State Grants, program level. 
Supplemental Education Grants. . ....... . 
21st Century Community Learning Centers 
State Assessments. . ............ . 
Education for Homeless Children and Youth 
Training and Adv1sory Services (Civil Rights) .. 
Education for Native Hawaiians .. 
Alaska Native Education Equity .. 
Rural Education. 
Comprehensive Centers. 
Student Support and Academic Enrichment grants .. 
Total, School Improvement Programs .. 
Current Year. 
FY 2019. 
Subtotal, Forward Funded 
INDIAN EDUCATION 
Grants to Local Educational Agencies. 
Federal Programs: 
Special Programs for Indian Children. 
National Activities 
Subtotal, Federal Programs. 
Total, Indian Education. 
INNOVATION AND IMPROVEMENT 
Education Innovation and Research. 
American History and Civics Academies American 
History and Civics National Activities .. 
School Leader Recruitment and Support 
Charter Schools Grants .. 
Magnet Schools Assistance. 
Teacher and School Leader Incentive Grants. 
Ready-to-Learn Television. 
Supporting Effective Educator Development (SEED). 
Arts in Education. 
Javits Gifted and Talented Students. 
Total, Innovation and Improvement, .. 
Current Year, . 
SAFE SCHOOLS AND CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION 
Promise Neighborhoods. 
School Safety National Activities. 
Full-Service Community Schools. 
Total, Safe Schools and Citizenship Education .. 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION 
Current funded .. 
Forward funded. 
Total, English Language Acquisition. FY 2017 
Enacted 
374,389 
(1 '681 '441) 
1 '681 ,441 
2,055,830 
16,699 
1 '191 ,673 
369,100 
77 '000 
6,575 
33,397 32,453 
175,840 
50,000 
400,000 
4,408,567 
(2, 727' 126) 
(1 '681 .441) 
(2,588,002) 
100' 381 
57,993 
6,565 
64,558 
164,939 
100,000 
1 '815 
1 '700 
14,500 
342,172 
97,647 
200,000 
25,741 
65,000 
27 '000 
12,000 FY 2018 
Request 
(1 ,681 '441) 
16,667 
377,281 
69,867 
6,563 
175' 506 
51 ,347 697,231 
(697.231) (622,654) 
100,190 
37 '921 
5,554 
43,475 
143,665 
370.000 
500,000 
96' 463 
199,563 
42,000 Bill 
(1 '681 '441) 
16,699 
1,000,000 
369' 100 
77' 000 
6,575 
33,397 
32,453 
175,840 
50,000 
500,000 
2,261,064 
(2,261,064) 
(2,121 ,940) 
100,381 
57,993 
6,565 
64,558 
164,939 
1 '700 
370,000 
96,463 
200,000 
25,741 
42,000 
12,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-374,389 
-1,681,441 
-2,055,830 
-191 '673 
+100,000 
-2' 147' 503 
(-466,062) 
(-1,681,441) 
(-466,062) 
-100,000 
-1,815 
-14,500 
+27,828 
-1 '184 
-23,000 
-27,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
FF 
+32 
+1,000,000 FF 
-8,181 FF 
+7, 133 FF 
+12 
+33,397 
+32,453 
+334 FF 
·1 ,347 
+500,000 FF 
+1,563,833 
(+1 ,563,833) 
(+1,499,286) 
+191 
+20,072 
+1 ,011 
+21,083 
+21 '274 
-370,000 
+1,700 
-130,000 
+437 +25,741 
+12,000 
:;=========== ============= ============= ============= ======~====== 
887,575 
(887,575) 
73,254 
68,000 
10,000 
151 '254 
47,931 
689,469 
737,400 1,208,026 
{1 ,208,026) 
60,000 
74,857 
134,857 
47,840 
688' 158 
735,998 747,904 
(747,904) 
60,000 68,000 
10,000 
138,000 
47,931 
689,469 
737,400 -139,671 
(-139,671) 
-13,254 -13,254 -460,122 
(-460,122) 
-6,857 
+10,000 
+3' 143 
+91 
+1 ,311 FF 
+1,402 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6791 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/95  EH06SE17.095lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
SPECIAL EDUCATION 
State Grants: 
Grants to States Part B current year,. 
Part B advance from prior year 
Grants to States Part B (FY 2019) .. 
Subtotal, program level 
Preschool Grants. 
Grants for Infants and Families. 
Subtotal, program level. 
IDEA National Activities (current funded): 
State Personnel Development .. .... '' '.' 
Technical Assistance and Dissemination (including 
Special Olympics Education) 
Personnel Preparation. 
Parent Information Centers. 
EducationalTechnology, Media, and Materials. 
Subtotal, IDEA National Activities .. 
Total, Special education. 
Current Year. 
FY 2019. 
Subtotal, Forward Funded. 
REHABILITATION SERVICES 
Vocational Rehabilitation State Grants 
Client Assistance State grants. 
Training 
Demonstration and Training programs 
Protection and Advocacy of Individual Rights (PAIR) ... 
Supported Employment State grants. 
Independent Living: 
Services for Older Blind Individuals. 
Helen Keller National Center for Deaf/Blind Youth and 
Adults. 
Total, Rehabilitation services .. 
SPECIAL INSTITUTIONS FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES American 
Printing House for the Blind. 
National Technical Institute for the Deaf (NTID): 
Operations 
Gallaudet University: 
Operations. 
Total, Special Institutions for Persons with 
Disabilities 
CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDUCATION 
Career Education: 
Basic State Grants/Secondary & Technical Education 
State Grants, current funded. 
Advance from prior year. 
FY 2019 .. 
Subtotal, Basic State Grants, program level. 
National Programs. 
Subtotal. Career Education .. --FY 2017 
Enacted 
2,719,465 
(9,283,383) 
9,283,383 
-.. ~ ~ ~ -----
12,002,848 
368,238 458,556 
-------------
12,829,642 
38,630 
56,928 
83,700 
27,411 28,047 234,716 
13,064,358 
(3,780,975) (9,283,383) 
(3,546,259) 
3,398,554 
13,000 
29,388 
5.796 
17,650 
27,548 33,317 
10,336 
=========::::=== 
3,535,589 
25,431 
70,016 
121 '275 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::: 
216,722 
326,598 
(791,000) 
791 '000 
w ~ ~ w - - - -- - - - -
1,117,598 
7 '421 -------------
1,125,019 FY 2018 
Request 
1 
'766' 099 
(9,283,383) 
10,124,103 
----~ -~ -----
11,890,202 
367,538 
457,684 
---------
12,715,424 
41 ,551 44,261 83,541 27,359 
29,990 
226,702 
12 '942' 126 
(2,818,023) 
( 1 0' 124' 103) 
(2,591 ,321) 
3,452,931 
12,975 
30' 131 
5,785 
17,616 
33,254 
10,316 
============= 
3,563,008 
25,383 
69,883 
121 '044 
============= 
216,310 
158,499 
(791,000) 
791,000 
949,499 
27,407 
------------
976,906 Bill vs. Bi 11 vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
1 '038' 024 -1,681,441 -728,075 FF 
(9,283,383) 
11 '164,824 +1 ,881,441 +1,040,721 ------------- ------------- -------------
12,202,848 +200,000 +312,646 
368,238 +700 FF 
458,556 +872 FF 
------------__________ .,. __ -------------
13,029,642 +200,000 +314,218 
38,630 -2,921 
44,261 -12,667 
83,700 +159 
27,411 +52 
28,047 -1 '943 
~~~~~----- --~ ~ --~ -- ~ -
222.049 -12,667 -4,653 
======:::====== ============= ::::::::::::::::::::::::;;;;;:;:::::::::::: 
13,251,691 +187,333 +309,565 
(2,086,867) ( -1 , 694' 1 08) (-731,156) 
(11 '164,824) (+1 ,881,441) (+1 ,040, 721) 
(1 .864,818) ( -1 '681 '441) (-726,503) 
3,452,931 +54,377 
13,000 +25 
29,388 -743 
5,796 +11 
17,650 +34 
-27,548 
33,317 +63 
10,500 +164 +184 
============= ============= =====::======== 
3,562,582 +26,993 -426 
26' 431 +1 '000 +1 '048 
70,016 +133 
128,000 +6,725 +6,956 
============= ========::::::::::::::::: ====::::======== 
224,447 +7,725 +8' 137 326,598 
+168,099 FF 
(791,000) 
791,000 ------------- ---------- -· 
1 '117,598 +168,099 
7,421 -19,986 FF -------- -------------- -------------
1 '125,019 +148,113 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6792 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/96  EH06SE17.096lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Adult Education: 
State Grants/Adult Basic and Literacy Education: 
State Grants, current funded. 
National Leadership Activities .. 
Subtotal, Adult education. 
Total, Career, Technical, and Adult Education. 
Current Year. 
FY 2019 .. 
Subtotal, Forward Funded .. 
STUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE 
Pell Grants maximum grant (NA). 
Pell Grants 
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants. 
Federal Work Study. 
Total, Student Financial Assistance (SFA). 
STUDENT AID ADMINISTRATION 
Salaries and Expenses 
Servicing Activities. 
Total, Student Aid Administration. 
HIGHER EDUCATION 
Aid for Institutional Development: 
Strengthening Institutions. 
Hispanic Serving Institutions .. 
Promoting Post-Baccalaureate Opportunities for 
Hispanic Americans. 
Strengthening Historically Black Colleges (HBCUs) .. 
Strengthening Historically Black Graduate 
Institutions. 
Strengthening Predominantly Black Institutions. 
Asian American Pacific Islander ... 
Strengthening Alaska Native and 
Native Hawaiian-Serving Institutions., 
Strengthening Native American-Serving Nontribal 
Institutions. 
Strengthening Tribal Colleges 
Strengthening HBCU Masters programs .. 
Subtotal. Aid for Institutional development. 
International Education and Foreign Language: Domestic 
Programs. 
Overseas Programs, 
Subtotal, International Education & Foreign Lang. 
Postsecondary Program for Students with Intellectual 
Disabilities. 
Minority Science and Engineering Improvement. 
Tribally Controlled Postsec Voc/Tech Institutions. 
Federal TRIO Programs 
GEAR UP. 
Graduate Assistance in Areas of National Need. 
Teacher Quality Partnerships .. 
Child Care Access Means Parents in School. 
Tot a 1 , Higher Education .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
581,955 
13,712 
595,667 
1,720,686 
(929,686) 
(791 ,000) 
(929,686) 
(4,860) 
22,475,352 
733' 130 
989,728 
24,198,210 
696,643 880,211 
1,576,854 
86,534 
107,795 9,671 244,694 63,281 
9,942 
3,348 
13,802 
3,348 
27,599 
7,500 
577,514 
65' 103 
7,061 
72 '164 
11, BOO 
9,648 
8,286 
950,000 
339,754 28,047 43,092 
15' 134 FY 2018 Request 485,849 
13,686 
499,535 
1,476,441 
(685,441) 
(791 ,000) 
(685,441} 
(4,860) 
22,432,626 
500,000 
22,932.626 
680,711 1 
'017' 000 
1 ,697 '711 
107,590 
9,653 
244,229 
63' 161 
9,923 
3,342 
13' 776 
3,342 
27,547 
482,563 
11,778 
9,630 
8,270 
808,289 
219,000 
5 '775 Bill 
581,955 
13,712 
595,667 
1 '720, 686 
(929,686) 
(791,000) 
(929,686) 
(4,860) 
22,475,352 
733,130 989,728 
24,198,210 
680,711 
1 '017' 000 
1 '697' 711 
86,534 
107,795 9,671 244,694 63,281 
9,942 
3,348 
13,802 
3,348 
27,599 
7,500 
577,514 
65' 103 
65,103 
11 '800 
9,648 
8,286 
1,010,000 
350,000 
5' 775 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-15,932 
+136,789 +120,857 
-7' 061 
-7,061 +60,000 +10,246 
·22,272 
-43,092 -15,134 Bill vs. 
Request 
+96, 106 FF 
+26 FF 
+96, 132 +244,245 (+244,245) (+244,245) 
+42,726 +733,130 +489,728 
+1,265,584 
+86,534 
+205 
+18 +465 
+120 
+19 
+6 
+26 
+6 
+52 
+7,500 
+94,951 
+65' 103 
+65,103 
+22 
+18 
+16 
+201 '711 
+131 ,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
2,055,439 1,545,305 2,038,126 -17,313 +492,821 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6793 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/97  EH06SE17.097lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Academic Program. Endowment Program. HOWARD UNIVERSITY 
Howard University Hospital ... 
Total, Howard University .. 
COLLEGE HOUSING AND ACADEMIC FACILITIES LOANS PROGRAM.,. 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY (HBCU) 
CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM ACCOUNT 
HBCU Federal Administration .. 
HBCU Loan Subsidies. 
Total, HBCU Capital Financing Program .. 
INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES (IES) 
Research, Development and Dissemination. 
Statistics. 
Regional Educational Laboratories. 
Research in Special Education. 
Special Education Studies and Evaluations. 
Statewide Data Systems 
Assessment: 
National Assessment. 
National Assessment Governing Board. 
Subtotal, Assessment 
Total, IES. 
DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
Program Administration 
Salaries and Expenses 
Building Modernization, .. 
Total, Program administration. 
Office for Civil Rights. 
Office of Inspector General .. 
Total, Departmental management. 
Total, Title III, Department of Education. 
Current Year ... 
FY 2019. FY 2017 
Enacted 
191 ,091 
3,405 
27,325 FY 2018 
Request 
190' 721 
3,405 
27,273 Bill 
191 '091 
3,405 
27,325 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+370 
+52 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
221 ,821 435 334 
20,150 221,399 
434 333 
20,112 221 '821 434 333 
20,112 +422 
-1 
-1 
-38 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
20,484 20,445 20,445 -39 
187,500 194' 629 187,500 -7' 129 
109,500 111 '787 109,500 -2,287 
54,423 54,320 54,423 +103 
54,000 53,897 54,000 +103 
10,818 10,797 10,818 +21 
32' 281 34,473 32,281 -2' 192 
149,000 148,717 149,000 +283 
7,745 8,219 7,745 -474 
~ ~ -~ ~ ~ ~ ~ . -~ ~ ~ ------~ ~ .. -~ ------ ~-w---------------------
156.745 156,936 156,745 -191 
============= ============::= ===========::::= ============= ============= 
605,267 616,839 605,267 -11 ,572 
431 '000 438,000 431,000 -7,000 
1 '000 -1,000 -~ ~ ~ ---- ~ -------- ~ ~ ~ -~ -- ---- ~--- w ----------~-
432,000 438,000 431,000 -1 '000 -7,000 
108,500 106,797 108,500 +1 '703 
59,256 61 '143 59,256 -1 '887 
======-======= ==::::.:========= ============= ===========::::= ============= 
599,756 605,940 598,756 -1,000 -7' 184 
============= ============= ============= ========::;;:::::::::: ::::::::::======== 
71,637,749 66,342,354 69,476,876 -2,160,873 +3,134,522 
(49,040,748) (43,745,353) (46,679,875) (-2,360,873) (+2,934,522) 
(22,597,001) (22,597,001) (22,797,001) (+200,000) (+200,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6794 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/98  EH06SE17.098lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354} (Amounts 
in thousands} 
TITLE IV--RELATED AGENCIES 
COMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROM PEOPLE WHO ARE BLIND OR 
SEVERELY DISABLED. 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
Operating Expenses Domestic 
Volunteer Service Programs: 
Volunteers in Service to Amer1ca (VISTA). 
National Senior Volunteer Corps: 
Foster Grandparents Program. 
Senior Companion Program 
Retired Senior Volunteer Program. 
Subtotal, Senior Volunteers. 
Subtotal, Domestic Volunteer Service. 
National and Community Service Programs: AmeriCorps 
State and National Grants .. 
Innovation, Assistance, and Other Activities .. 
Evaluation. 
National Civilian Community Corps (NCCC)(subtitle E) 
State Commission Support Grants .. 
Subtotal, National and Community Service. 
Total, Operating expenses .. 
National Service Trust .. 
Salaries and Expenses .. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Total, Corp. for National and Community Service .. 
CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING: 
FY 2020 (current) with FY 2018 comparable. 
FY 2019 advance with FY 2017 comparable (NA). 
Rescission of FY 2019 funds (NA). 
Subtotal, FY 2019 program level. 
FY 2018 advance with FY 2016 comparable (NA) .... 
Rescission of FY 2018 funds (NA). 
Subtotal, FY 2018 program level. 
Public television interconnection system (current). FY 2017 
Enacted 
8,000 
92.364 
107,702 
45,512 
48,903 
-- ~ ------ - -
202,117 
---------
294,481 
386,010 
5,000 
4,000 
30,000 
16,538 ----------
441 '548 
-------------
736,029 206,842 
81 '737 
5,750 
:::;;;:::::::::.:::::::::::::::;:;:::::::: 
1,030,358 
445,000 
(445,000) 
445,000 (445,000) 445,000 50,000 FY 2018 
Request 
6' 117 
4,910 
117 117 117 
-----*-------
351 -------------
5,261 2,341 
24,087 
---------
26,428 -------------
31,689 
99,735 
3,568 
============:::: 
134,992 
(445,000) 
(-445,000) 
(445,000) 
(-441,500) 
3,500 Bill 
8,000 
92,364 
107,702 
45,512 
48,903 ----------
202' 117 -------------
294,481 
386,010 
5,000 
4,000 
30,000 
16,538 "'" ___________ 
441,548 736,029 
206,842 
81,737 
5,750 
============= 
1 '030' 358 
445,000 
(445,000) 
445,000 
(445,000) 
445,000 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+1 '883 
+87,454 +107,585 +45,395 +48,786 
-----------
+201 '766 -------------
+289,220 +383,669 
+5,000 +4,000 
+5,913 +16,538 
---~----
+415' 120 
------~ -------------------
+704,340 +206,842 
-17 '998 +2' 182 
============= ======:::;:====== 
+895,366 
+445,000 (+445,000) +445,000 
(+441 ,500) +441,500 
-50,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6795 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/99  EH06SE17.099lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FEDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION SERVICE. 
FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COMMISSION. 
INSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES. 
MEDICAID AND CHIP PAYMENT AND ACCESS COMMISSION,. 
MEOICARE PAYMENT ADVISORY COMMISSION. 
NATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY. 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD, .. 
NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD. 
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COMMISSION. 
RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD 
Dual Benefits Payments Account .. 
Less Income Tax Receipts on Dual Benefits 
SuDtotal, Dual Benefits.,. 
Federal Payments to the Railroad Retirement Accounts. 
Limitation on Administration. 
Limitation on the Office of Inspector General. 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION 
Payments to Social Security Trust Funds. 
Supplemental Security Income Program 
Federal Benefit Payments. 
Beneficiary Services. 
Research and Demonstration. 
Afghanistan Special Immigrant Visa. 
Administration 
Subtotal, SSI program level,. 
Less funds advanced in prior year. 
Subtotal, regular SSI current year.,,,, 
New advance, 1st quarter, FY 2019. 
Total, SSI program. 
Limitation on Administrative Expenses 
OASI/DI Trust Funds .. 
HI ISM! Trust Funds .. 
Social Security Advisory Board. 
SSI. 
Subtotal, regular LAE 
User Fees: 
SSI User Fee activities, 
CBO adjustment. 
SSPA User Fee Activities, .. 
CBO adjustment. 
Subtotal, User fees. 
Subtotal, Limitation on administrative expenses,., FY 2017 
Enacted 
46,650 
17 '184 
231,000 
7,765 
11 '925 
3,250 
274,224 
13,800 
13' 225 
25.000 
-2,000 
23,000 
150 
113,500 
10,000 
11,400 
52,941,736 
89,000 
58,000 
5,029,427 
58' 118' 163 
-14,500,000 
43,618,163 
15,000,000 
58,618,163 
5,145,407 
1,684,753 
2,300 
3,706,485 
10,538,945 
126,000 
-3,000 
1,000 
-1,000 
123,000 
10,661,945 FY 2018 
Request 48,655 
17 '053 
23,000 
8,700 
12,295 
3,211 
258,000 
13,205 
12,615 
22,000 
-1 '000 
21 ,000 
150 
111 '225 
8,437 
11,400 
48,236,000 
159,000 
101,000 
5,060,526 
53,556,526 
-15,000,000 
38,556,526 
19,500,000 
58,056,526 
4,916,768 
2,012,556 
2,300 
3,671,376 
10,603,000 
118,000 
-3,000 
1 ,000 
-1 ,000 
115,000 
10,718,000 Bill 
46,650 
17 '134 
231 '000 
7,500 
12' 175 
3,200 
249,000 
13,500 
12,875 
22,000 
-1 ,000 
21,000 
150 
113,500 
10,000 
11 '400 
48,236,000 
159,000 
101 '000 
5,095,635 
53,591,635 
15,000,000 
38,591,635 
19,500,000 
58,091,635 
5,145,407 
1,684,753 
2,300 
3,706,485 
10,538,945 
118,000 
3,000 
1 '000 
-1 '000 
115,000 
10,653,945 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-50 -265 +250 
-50 
-25,224 
-300 
-350 
·3,000 
+1,000 
-2,000 
-4,705,736 
+70,000 
+43,000 
+66,208 
-4,526,528 
-500,000 
-5,026,528 
+4,500,000 
-526,528 
8,000 
-8,000 
-8,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-2,005 
+81 
+208,000 
-1,200 D 
-120 
11 
-9,000 
+295 
+260 
+2,275 
+1,563 
+35 '109 
+35' 109 
+35,109 
+35,109 
+228,639 
-327,803 
+35,109 
-64,055 
-64,055 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6796 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/100  EH06SE17.100lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Program Integrity: 
OASDI Trust Funds. 
SSI .. 
Subtotal, Program integrity funding. 
Total, Limitation on Administrative Expenses .. 
Office of Inspector General 
Federal Funds .. 
Trust Funds. 
Total. Office of Inspector General AdJustment: 
Trust fund transfers from general revenues .. 
Total, Social Security Administration. 
Federal funds. 
Current year .. 
New advances, 1st quarter, FY 2019. 
Trust funds .. 
Total, Title IV, Related Agencies. 
Federal Funds. 
Current Year. 
FY 2019 Advance .. 
FY 2020 Advance., 
Trust Funds. FY 2017 
Enacted 
496,058 
1,322,942 
~ ~ ~ .. -- ------
1,819,000 
============= 
12,480,945 
29,787 75,713 
------.. 
105,500 
-5,029,427 
============= 
66,186,581 
58,782.350 
(43,782,350) 
(15,000,000) 
7,404,231 
============= 
68,485,612 60,945,956 
(45,500,956) (15,000,000) 
(445,000) 
7,539,656 FY 2018 Request 345,850 1 
'389' 150 -------------
1 '735 '000 
============= 
12,453,000 
30,000 
75,500 
--------
105,500 
-5,060,526 
:::::::::::::::;:.:.:::::::-:::::::::: 
65,565,900 
58,212,926 
(38,712,926) 
(19,500,000) 
7,352,974 
============= 
66.244,555 
58,759,624 
(39,259,624) 
(19,500,000) 
7,484,931 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 345,850 
-150,208 
1,389,150 +66,208 ------------- ------------
1 '735' 000 -84,000 
====::======== ============= 
12,388,945 -92,000 -64,055 
30,000 +213 
75,500 -213 ---~ ---------------- . ----------,. 
105,500 
-5,095,635 -66,208 -35,109 
::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::;;:::::::::::: ::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ============:::: 
65,501,845 -684,736 -64,055 
58,248,035 -534,315 +35,109 
(38,748,035) (-5,034,315) (+35,109) 
(19,500,000) (+4,500,000) 
7,253,810 -150,421 -99,164 
============= ============= ============= 
67,722,887 -762,725 +1 ,478,332 
60,333,402 -612,554 +1 ,573,778 
(40,388,402) (-5,112,554) (+1,128,778) 
(19,500,000) (+4,500,000) 
(445,000) (+445,000) 
7,389,485 -150' 171 -95,446 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6797 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/101  EH06SE17.101lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION F--DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R.3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
RECAP 
Mandatory, total in bi 11 .......... 
Less advances for subsequent years .. 
Plus advances provided in prior years. 
Total, mandatory, current year. 
Discretionary, total in bill .. 
Less advances for subsequent years. 
Plus advances provided in prior years. 
Subtotal, discretionary, current year. 
Discretionary Scorekeeping adjustments: 
SSI User Fee Collection .. 
CBO adjustment. 
Average Weekly Insured Unemployment (AWIU) 
Contingent. 
Medicare Eligible Accruals (permanent,indefinite)1/. 
Adult employment and training activities 
(rescission). 
Dislocated Worker training and employment activities 
(rescission) .... 
Dislocated Workers assistance National Reserve 
(resciss·ion) .. 
H-18 (resciss1on) 
Rescissions (PL111-148): 
Independent Payment Advisory Board .... 
Preexisting Condition Insurance program. Refugee and 
Entrant Assistance (PL 114-254): 
(Nonrecurring expenses fund) (by transfer) 
(Sec.170(a)). 
Unaccompanied Minors Contingency Fund ($200M, 
Sec.170(b)) (CBO estimate). 
Nonrecurring expenses fund (rescission) 
(Sec 170(d)). 
Nonrecurring expenses fund (rescission) .... 
Childrens Health Insurance Program performance bonus ( 
rescission). 
Childrens Health Insurance Program one-time payment 
(rescission) .. 
(Public Law 114-254, Sec.201(a)). 
Childrens Health Insurance Program State allotment 
(Sec.301 (b)) (rescission) .. 
Child Enrollment contingency fund (rescission). 
Limitation an eligible health care entity .. 
CHIPRA unspent allotment recoupment (rescission). 
Pell unobligated balances (rescission). 
Pell: Restore year-round Pell with 150% cap .. . 
Pell mandatary funds (rescission). . ......... . 
SSA SSPA User Fee Collection. 
CBO adJustment .. 
Trad1tianal Medicare program. 
CNCS National Service Trust unobligated balances 
(rescission) 
Corporation for Public Broadcasting FY2018 advance 
(rescission) 
21ST Century Cures Act adjustment (PL 114-255) .. 
Tot a 1 , di scret i a nary. 
Grand Total, current year. FY 2017 
Enacted 
760,614,562 
-144 ' 1 35' 452 
133,701 '502 
~~~~------~--
750,180,612 
173,331,306 
-24,814,001 
24,814,001 
----------
173,331,306 
-126,000 
3,000 
5,000 
28,594 
-75,000 
-46,000 
-15 '000 
(300,000) 
100,000 
-100,000 -100,000 
-5,750,000 
-541,900 -170,000 
-1 '132,000 
-570,000 
-1,310,000 
254,000 
-254,000 
-1 '000 
1 ,000 
305,000 
-852.000 
162,985.000 
913,165,612 FY 2018 
Request 
815,765,698 
-158,462,759 
144,135,452 
---------
801,438,391 
148,898,126 
-23,470,001 
24,814,001 -------------
150.242,126 
-118,000 
3.000 
20,000 
32,484 
-324,000 
-405,000 
-170.000 
-560,000 
-1 '193' 000 
-3,279,000 
-330,000 
-3,900,000 
-1 '000 
1 '000 
-139,000 
-414,550 
-996,000 
138,469,060 
939,907,451 Bill 
817,445,698 
·158,462,759 
144' 135' 452 -.. -------
803,118,391 
168' 883' 146 
-24,814,001 
24,814,001 ____ .., __ -----
168' 883' 146 
-118,000 
3,000 
10,000 
32,484 
-200,000 
-15,000 
-323,000 
·560,000 
-88,613 
-3,145,905 
-1 '143' 268 
-330,000 -800,000 
·3,270,844 
-1 ,000 
1 ,000 
-996,000 
157.938,000 
961.056,391 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+56' 831 '1 36 
-14,327,307 
+10,433,950 ____ .., __ -----
+52,937,779 
-4' 448' 160 Bill vs. 
Request 
+1 ,680,000 
+1,680,000 
+19,985,020 
-1,344,000 
-4,448,160 +18,641,020 
+8,000 +5,000 
+3,890 
-125,000 
+46,000 
-323,000 
(-300,000) 
-100,000 
+100,000 
-460,000 
+5,661,387 
+541,900 +170' 000 
-2,013,905 
-573,268 
-330,000 
-800,000 
1,960,844 
-254,000 
+254,000 
-305,000 -144,000 -10,000 
+324,000 +405,000 
-30,000 
-15,000 
-323,000 
+1 '104 '387 
+133,095 
-1 '143,268 
-800,000 
+629, 156 
+139,000 
+414,550 
-5,047,000 +19,468,940 
+47,890,779 +21 ,148,940 
==========~== ============= ============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6798 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/102  EH06SE17.102lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION G · STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND RELATED AGENCY 
Department of State 
Administration of Foreign Affairs 
Diplomatic and consular programs .. . Worldwide 
security protection ..... . 
Total. Diplomatic and consular programs. 
Capital investment fund. 
Office of Inspector General ............ . 
Educational and cultural exchange programs .. 
Representation expenses. 
Protection of foreign missions and officials .... 
Embassy security, construction, and maintenance 
Worldwide security upgrades. 
Total, Embassy security. 
Emergencies in the diplomatic and consular service. 
Repatriation Loans Program Account: 
Direct loans subsidy .. 
Payment to the American Institute in Taiwan. 
Payment to the Foreign Service Retirement and 
Disability Fund ...... , .... . 
Total, Administration of Foreign Affairs .. 
International Organizations 
Contributions to international organizations, 
current year assessment .. 
Contributions for international peacekeeping 
activities, current year assessment. 
Total, International Organizations ..... . 
International Commissions 
International Boundary and Water Commission, United 
States and Mexico: 
Salaries and expenses. 
Construction. 
Total, Boundary and Water Commission. 
American sections, international commissions. 
International fisheries commissions. 
Total, International commissions. 
Related Agency 
Broadcasting Board of Governors 
International broadcasting operations .. 
Reappropriation of surge capacity funds. 
Broadcasting capital improvements ... 
Total, Broadcasting Board of Governors. 
Related Programs 
The Asia Foundation... . ........ . 
United States Institute of Peace, Operating expenses .. 
Center for Middle Eastern-Western dialogue. FY 2017 
Enacted 
4 '247 ,775 
1,899,479 
6,147,254 
12,600 
87,069 
634' 143 
8,030 
30,344 
759.161 
358,698 
1,117,859 
7,900 
1 '300 
31,963 
158,900 
8,238,682 
1,262,966 
552,904 
1,815,870 
48' 134 
29,400 
77,534 
12,258 
37,502 
127,294 
772,108 
9,700 
781,808 
17' 000 
37,884 
122 FY 2018 
Request 
3,903,034 
1 '380 ,752 
5,283,786 
15,000 
72,562 
285,000 
7,000 
30,890 
754,459 
387,741 
1,142,200 
7,885 
1,300 
26,312 
158,900 
7,031,578 
900' 195 
268,886 
1,169,081 
44,748 
27,900 
72,648 
12' 184 33,871 
118,703 
680,363 
3,000 
4,791 
688' 154 
19' 117 
140 Bi 11 
4,068,537 
1,380,752 
5,449,289 
15,000 
73,869 
590,900 
7,000 
30,890 
754,459 
1,488,237 
2,242,696 
7,885 
1,300 
30,557 
158,900 
8,609,029 
1,074,645 
529,909 
1,604,554 
44,748 
27,900 
72,648 
12' 184 
34.176 
119,008 
764,936 
4,791 
769,727 
15,810 
35,300 
140 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-179.238 
518.727 
-697,965 
+2' 400 
-13,200 -43,243 
-1,030 
+546 
-4,702 
+1 '129,539 
+1,124,837 
-15 
-1 '406 
+370,347 
-188,321 
-22,995 
-211,316 
-3,386 
-1,500 -4,886 
-74 
·3,326 
-8,286 
. 7' 172 
-4,909 
-12,081 
-1 '190 
-2,584 
+18 Bill vs. 
Request 
+165,503 +165,503 
+1 ,307 +305,900 
+1,100,496 
+1 '100,496 
+4,245 
+1,577,451 
+174,450 
+261 ,023 
+435,473 
+305 +305 
+84,573 
-3,000 
+81 ,573 
+15,810 
+16,183 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6799 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/103  EH06SE17.103lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION G -STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship program. 
Israeli Arab scholarship program. 
East-West Center. 
National Endowment for Democracy. 
Total, Related programs. 
Other Commissions Commission 
for the Preservation of America's Heritage 
Abroad 
Salaries and expenses .... 
Commission on International Religious Freedom 
Salaries and expenses ... 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe 
Salaries and expenses. 
Congressional-Executive Commission 
on the People's Republic of China 
Salaries and expenses .. 
United States -China Economic and Security Review 
Commission 
Salaries and expenses. 
Total, title I, Department of State and Related 
Agency .. 
TITLE II -UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL 
DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Operating expenses, USAID. 
Capital Investment Fund ......... . 
Office of Inspector General, USAID, 
Total. title II, Administration of Foreign 
Assistance. 
TITLE III -BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Global Health Programs: U 
S. Agency for International Development .. 
Department of State. 
(Global fund contribution) 11 .. 
Total, Global Health Programs. 
1/ The Bill includes authority for a Global Fund 
contribution and the accompanying report recommends 
up to $1,350,000 for such a contribution 
Development assistance .. '' ''' '' '' ' ... '.' 
Transfer out. 
Total, Development Assistance .. 
International disaster assistance. FY 2017 FY 2018 Bill vs. Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted Request Bill Enacted Request 
~~~·~~~w ·-~~WM~~~- ~~·-~~-~-~~~~-MWW~~W 
350 158 158 -192 
47 65 65 +18 
16,700 -16,700 
170,000 103,500 170,000 +66,500 
------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
242,103 122,980 221 '473 -20,630 +98,493 888 675 675 -213 
3,500 4,500 4,500 +1,000 
2,579 2,579 2,579 
2,000 2,000 2,000 
3,500 3,500 3,500 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
11,218,224 9,143,750 11,337,045 +118,821 +2,193,295 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
1,204,609 
174,985 
67,600 1,045,797 
157,980 
69,000 1,133' 906 
174,985 
69,000 -70,703 
+1 ,400 +88, 109 +17,005 
============= ==========:== ============= ============= ============= 
1 '44 7' 194 1 '272' 777 1,377,891 -69' 303 +105, 114 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
3,054,950 
5,670,000 
(1 ,350,000) 
8,724 '950 
2,995,465 
(-50,000) 
~ --------- - --
2,995,465 
498,483 1,505,500 
4,975,000 
(1 ,125,000) 
6,480,500 
(-60,000) 
-------------
690,259 2,651,000 
5,670,000 
(1 ,350,000) 
8,321,000 
2,780,971 
(-50,000) 
-------------
2,780,971 
1,033,483 -403,950 
-403,950 
-214,494 
-------------
-214,494 
+535,000 +1,145,500 
+695,000 (+225,000) 
+1 ,840,500 
+2,780,971 
(+10,000) 
-------------
+2,780,971 
+343,224 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6800 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/104  EH06SE17.104lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION G -STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
-~~~~~~~~~~-
Transition initiatives. 
Complex Crises fund. Development 
Credit Authority: 
(By transfer). . ........ . 
Administrative expenses .. 
Economic Support Fund .. 
Economic Support and Development Fund. Democracy Fund. 
Human Rights and Democracy Fund, Department of 
State. . ....... . Bureau 
of Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian 
Assistance. USAID .... 
Total, Democracy Fund. 
Assistance for Europe. Eurasia and Central Asia. 
Department of State 
Migration and refugee assistance. 
United States Emergency Refugee and Migration 
Assistance Fund. 
Total, Department of State. 
Independent Agencies 
Peace Corps 
Millenium Challenge Corporation. 
Program. . ....... . 
Administration. 
Subtotal 
Inter-American Foundation. 
United States African Development Foundation .. 
Total, Independent Agencies. Department 
of the Treasury 
International Affairs Technical Assistance. 
Total, title III, Bilateral economic assistance. 
Appropriations. 
TITLE IV -INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE 
Department of State 
International narcotics control and law enforcement ... 
Nonproliferation. anti-terrorism, demining and 
related programs .. 
Peacekeeping operations, 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Internat1onal Military Education and Training. 
Foreign M1litary 
Grants: 
Israel .. 
Egypt Financing Program: 35,600 
10,000 
(50,000) 
10,000 
1,041,761 
145,375 
65' 125 
-------------
210,500 
291,638 
912,802 
10,000 
-------------
922,802 
410,000 
905,000 
-------------
905,000 
22,500 
30,000 
1, 367' 500 
30,000 
============= 
16' 138 '699 
(16,138,699) 
889,664 
500,696 
135,041 
110' 300 
3, 100' 000 
1,300,000 FY 2018 Bi 11 vs. Bi 11 vs. 
Request Bi 11 Enacted Request 
~ ~ ~ M W * ~ M ---~~~~-ww_w __ 
30,000 30,000 -5,600 
-10,000 
(60,000) (50,000) ( -10 ,000) 
9' 120 9,120 -880 
1,041,761 +1,041,761 
2,229,350 -2,229,350 
145,375 +145,375 
65,125 +65, 125 
------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
210,500 +210,500 
691 '571 +399,933 +691 '571 715,241 
877,802 -35,000 +162,561 
-10,000 
------------- ----------- ... -------------- -------------
715,241 877,802 -45,000 +162,561 398,221 
398,221 -11,779 
800,000 -905,000 -800,000 
697,600 +697,600 +697,600 
102.400 +102,400 +102,400 
------------- ----------------------- --
800,000 800,000 -105,000 
4,565 11 '250 -11 '250 +6,685 
8,332 15,000 -15,000 +6,668 -------- --------
1 '211 '118 1,224,471 -143,029 +13,353 
25,455 25,455 -4,545 
============= ========;:;==== ============= ============= 
11 , 391 , 043 16,246,134 +107,435 +4,855,091 
(11,391,043) (16,246, 134) (+107,435) (+4,855,091) 
695,550 848,139 -41,525 +152,589 
312,766 617' 873 +117, 177 +305' 107 
122,300 135' 041 +12,741 
100' 160 105,160 -5,140 +5,000 
3' 100' 000 3' 100' 000 
1,300,000 1,300,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6801 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/105  EH06SE17.105lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION G -STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 {H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Other. 
Limitation on Administrative Expenses. 
Total, Foreign Military Financing Program. 
Total, title IV, Security assistance. 
TITLE V -MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE 
Multilateral Assistance 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
International Organizations and Programs. 
International Financial Institutions 
World Bank Group Global Environment 
Facility. 
International Development Association. 
The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD): 
IBRD paid in capital .. 
Subtotal, IBRD .. 
Clean Technology Fund .... 
Strategic Climate Fund Green 
Climate Fund. Global agriculture and food security program .. 
Total, World Bank Group ............... . 
Inter-American Development Bank Group 
Inter-American Development Bank paid in capital .. 
Total, Inter-American Development Bank. Asian Development 
Bank Group (IDB) 
Asian Development Fund .. 
Total. Asian Development Bank. 
African Development Bank Group 
African Development Bank Paid in capital. 
(Limitation on callable capital). 
African Development Fund. 
Total, African Development Bank. 
International Fund for Agricultural Development. ---FY 2017 
Enacted 
385,805 
(80,000) 
--~--
4,785,805 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::::::;::;:;::;::;:;:;. 
6' 421 ,506 
============= 
339,000 
146 '563 1 
'197' 128 
5,963 
-------------
5,963 
23,000 
1,372,654 
21,940 
21 '940 
99,233 99,233 
32,418 
(507,861) 
214,332 
-------------
246,750 
30,000 FY 2018 
Request 
270,713 
(70,000) 
~ ~ --~ -~ -• W M M -
4,670,713 
:;:::;:;;:::;;:.::;:;;;:;::;:;:::;;::;;::::: 
5,901 ,489 
============= 
102,375 
1,097,010 
-------------
1,199,385 
47,395 
47,395 
32,418 
(507,861) 
171 '300 
-------------
203,718 
30,000 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 1 
,225,863 +840,058 +955, 150 
(70,000) (-10,000) 
~ • --- ~ -~ ----w --- ~ ------------------
5,625,863 +840,058 +955' 150 
============= ============= ============= 
7,332,076 +910,570 +1 ,430,587 
========::===== ============= ============= 
-339,000 
-146,563 -102,375 
658,661 -538,467 -438,349 
-5,963 ------------- ------------- -------------
-5,963 
-23,000 
658,661 -713,993 -540,724 
-21 '940 
21 '940 
47,395 -51' 838 
47,395 -51' 838 
32,418 
(507,861) 
109,387 -104,945 -61,913 
------------- ------------- -------------
141 '805 104,945 -61 '913 
30,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6802 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/106  EH06SE17.106lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION G -STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
North American Development Bank .. 
(Limitat1on on callable capital) .. 
Total, International Financial Institutions ... 
Total, title V, Multilateral assistance .. 
(Limitation on callable capital) .. 
TITLE VI -EXPORT AND INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE 
Export-Import Bank of the United States 
Administrative expenses. 
Inspector General .. 
Offsetting collections .. 
Total , Export-Import Bank of the United States .. 
Overseas Private Investment Corporation 
Noncredit account: 
Administrative expenses. 
Insurance fees and other offsetting collections. 
Subtotal. 
Program account ......... . 
Total, Overseas Private Investment Corporation .... 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Trade and Development Agency ..... 
Total, title VI, Export and investment assistance 
TITLE VII -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Special immigrant visa proposal (Sec. 7083(a)). 
ESF rescission of funds (Sec. 7083(b)). 
Development Assistance rescission (Sec. 7069(a)). 
North American Development Bank Rescission. 
Export-Import Bank, Tied Aid Rescission (Sec. 7060(c)) 
Rescission of funds (Sec. 7069(d)) .. 
Food for Peace Reimbursement sec. 7060. 
H&L Fraud and Detection Fee sec. 7050. 
Additional spending of P&I security sec. 7049(c) .. 
Use of Ebola balances for malaria (sec. 7058(e)) .. 
Consular and Border Security Programs .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
1,770,577 FY 2018 
Request 
1,480,498 Bill 
877,861 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-892.716 -602,637 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
2,109,577 
(507 '861) 
110,000 
5,700 
-530,000 
~-~~~~· .. ~ .. 
-414,300 
70,000 
-341 ,000 
~ ~ .. -~ -. --- ~ -
-271 ,000 
20,000 
-.. ~ ..... -~ ..... -.. -.. 
-251 ,000 
75,000 
===========::::= 
-590,300 
6,000 
-6,000 1,480,498 
(507 '861) 
95,500 
5,000 
-264,700 
~·~···~···~-· 
-164,200 
60,800 
-270,000 ------. --- ~--
-209,200 
~ .. -~ ------~ .. -
-209,200 
12' 105 
=====:::======= 
-361 ,295 
-165,000 877 '861 
(507,861) 
95,500 
5,700 
-264,700 
·~·~-~~·~ ---
-163,500 
60,800 
-350,000 -------------
-289,200 
10,000 --.. ., -.. ----~ --
-279,200 
70,500 
============= 
-372,200 
============= 
-29,907 -10.000 
165,000 
-1,090,000 -1,231,716 
-14,500 
+265,300 
• w w. ~ •••• -. ¥ • 
+250,800 
-9.200 
-9,000 -------------
-18,200 
-10' 000 
.. ---~ .. ------.. 
-28,200 
-4,500 
============= 
+218, 100 
============= 
-6,000 
+6,000 
-29,907 
-10,000 
-165,000 
-1,090,000 -602,637 
+700 
-M ¥ • -M M ~ M M- M M 
+700 
-80,000 -------------
-80,000 
+10,000 -.. --... --.. --.. -
70,000 
+58,395 
============= 
-10,905 
============= 
-29,907 
-10,000 
-1,090,000 
Total, title VII, General Provisions. -165,000 -1,294,907 -1,294,907 -1,129,907 
TITLE VIII OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM (OCO/GWOT) 
Diplomatic and consular programs (OCOIGWOT) ... 
(Worldwide security protection) (OCO/GWOT) .. 
(Transfer to other agencies). 
Subtotal. 2,410,386 
( 1 ,815' 210) 
(-5,000) 
2,410,386 2,975,971 
(2,376,122) 
(-5,000) 
2,975,971 2,975,971 
(2,376,122) 
2,975,971 +565,585 (+560,912) 
(+5,000) 
+565,585 (+5,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6803 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/107  EH06SE17.107lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION G -STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Inspector General (OCOIGWOT). 
Embassy security, construction, and maintenance ( 
OCO I GWOT) . . .... , . , ......... , 
Contributions to int'l organizations (OCO/GWOT) .. 
Contributions for International Peacekeeping 
Activities, current year assessment (OCOIGWOT). 
Broadcasting board of governors (OCO/GWOT) .. 
Operating expenses of USA!D (OCO/GWOT). 
USAID Office of Inspector General: 
OIG (OCOIGWOT). 
International Disaster Assistance (OCOIGWOT) .. 
(Famine prevention, relief, and mitigation) 
(OCO/GWOT) .. 
Transition Initiatives (OCOIGWOT),. 
Complex Crises fund (OCO/GWOT). 
Economic Support Fund (OCO/GWOT). 
Economic Support and Development Fund (OCO/GWOT),. 
Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia 
(OCO/GWOT). 
M1gration and Refugee assistance (MRA) (OCO/GWOT). 
United States Emergency Refugee and Migration 
Assistance Fund (OCO!GWOT). 
Internat1onal narcotics control and law enforcement 
(OCO/GWOT). 
Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related 
programs (NADR) (OCO/GWOT) . Peacekeeping 
Operations (PKO) (OCO/GWOT) ... 
Foreign Military Financing program (OCO/GWOT). 
Economic Support Fund (rescission) (OCO/GWOT) (Sec. 
8005). ". FY 2017 
Enacted 
54,900 
1,238,800 
96,240 
1,354,660 
4,800 
152,080 
3,313,203 
(990,000) 
37,000 
20,000 
2,609.242 
453,696 
2,146,198 
40,000 
412,260 
341 '754 
473,973 
1,325,808 FY 2018 
Request 
68' 100 
96,240 
927,224 
136,555 
2,500 
1,817,941 
62,043 
2,708' 800 
2,030,900 
196,250 
365,840 
179' 100 
450,000 Bill 
68' 100 
71 '778 
96,240 
965,906 
136,555 
2,500 
1,788,203 
62,043 
2,353,672 
2,231,198 
417' 951 
220,583 
325,213 
460,000 
-156,913 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+13,200 
-1,167,022 
-388,754 
-4,800 
-15,525 
+2,500 
-1,525,000 
(-990,000) 
+25,043 
-20,000 
-255,570 -453,696 
+85,000 
-40,000 
+5,691 
-121 '171 
-148,760 -865,808 
-156,913 Bill VS. 
Request 
+71,778 +38,682 
-29,738 
+2,353,672 
~2,708,800 
+200,298 
+221 ,701 
-145,257 
+146' 113 
+10,000 
-156,913 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Total, Title VIII, OCO/GWOT. 
OTHER APPROPRIATIONS 
Department of State 
Administration of Foreign Affairs 
Diplomatic and Consular Programs (emergency), 
Security Ass1stance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCOIGWOT), 
(Worldwide security protection) (OCOIGWOT). 
Office of Inspector General: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254} (OCO/GWOT}, 
Embassy security, construction, and maintenance: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254} (OCO/GWOT),,. 
United States Agency for International Development 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Operating expenses of USAIO: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCOIGWOT) .. 
Capital Investment Fund, USAID: 
Secur1ty Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT). 
USAID Office of Inspector General: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT} ... 16,485,000 
1,052,400 
(927,189) 
2,500 
654,411 
5,000 
25,000 
2,500 12,017,464 12,019,000 -4,466,000 
-1,052,400 
(-927,189) 
-2,500 
-654,411 
-5,000 
-25,000 
2,500 +1 ,536 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6804 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/108  EH06SE17.108lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION G -STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Bilateral Economic Assistance 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
International Disaster Assistance: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (DCO/GWOT). 
Transition Initiatives: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT). 
Economic Support Fund: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT) .. 
Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT) ... 
Migration and Refugee assistance (MRA): 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT). 
International narcotics control and law enforcement: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT). 
Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related 
programs (NADR): 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCOIGWOT). 
Peacekeeping Operations (PKO): 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCOIGWOT) ... 
Foreign Military Financing program: 
Security Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254) (OCO/GWOT) ... 
Total. Other Appropriations. 
Grand Total .. 
Appropriations. 
Emergency appropriations .. 
Overseas contingency operations, This bill'. 
Overseas contingency operations. Security 
Assistance Act (P.L. 114-254)'. 
Rescissions. 
(By transfer) 
(Transfer out). 
(limitation on administrative expenses). 
(Limitation on callable capital). FY 2017 
Enacted 
616' 100 
50,234 
1 '030' 555 
157,000 
300,000 26,300 
128,000 
50,000 
200,000 
4,300,000 
57,529,900 
(36,750,900) (16,485,000) 
(4,300,000) 
(-6,000) 
(50,000) 
(-50,000) 
(80,000) 
(507 ,861) FY 2018 
Request 
40,680,726 
(28,825,262) 
(12,017,464) 
( -165,000) 
(60,000) 
(-60,000) 
(70,000) 
(507,861) Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted 
-616,100 
-50,234 
-1,030,555 
-157' 000 
-300,000 
-26,300 
-128,000 
-50,000 
-200,000 
-4,300,000 
47,522,900 -10,007,000 
(36,798,807) (+47,907) 
(12,019,000) (-4,466,000) (-4,300,000) 
(-1 ,294,907) (-1 ,288,907) 
(50,000) 
(-50,000) 
(70,000) ( -10, 000) 
(507,861) Bill vs. 
Request 
+6,842,174 
(+7,973,545) 
(+1 '536) 
(-1 ,129,907) 
( 10,000) 
, ... 10,000) 
============= ============= :::;;;;::;:;:;,:;;:;;;;::;;;:;:;:::;::;;;;:::::;; ============= ::::::::::::;;:::::::;:::::::::::::: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6805 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/109  EH06SE17.109lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
Office of the Secretary 
Salaries and expenses Immediate 
Office of the Secretary. 
Immediate Office of the Deputy Secretary. 
Office of the General Counsel. . ..... , .. 
Office of tne Under Secretary of Transportation 
for Policy. 
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Budget and 
Programs. 
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Governmental 
Affairs. 
Office of the Assistant Secretary for 
Administration. 
Office of Public Affairs. 
Office of the Executive Secretariat .. 
Office of Intelligence. Security, and Emergency Response. 
Office of the Chief Information Officer .. 
Research and Technology. 
National Infrastructure Investments. 
National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance 
Bureau. Maritime Guaranteed 
Loan administrative expenses (by 
transfer). . ......... . 
Financial Management Capital. 
Cyber Security Initiatives ... 
Office of Civil Rights. 
Transportation Planning, Research, and Development. Working 
Capital Fund ..................... . 
Minority Business Resource Center Program .. . 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) .. 
Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilizaton and Outreach 
/Minority Business Outreach .. 
Payments to Air Carriers (Airport & Airway Trust Fund) 
Administrative Provisions 
Working Capital Fund (Sec. 104) (reappropriation) ..... 
Total, Office of the Secretary. 
Federal Aviation Administration 
Operations. 
Air traffic organization. 
Aviation safety ... 
Commercial space transportation. 
Finance and management.. . .......... . NextGen 
Security and Hazardous Materials Safety. 
Staff offices., .. 
Facilities and Equipment (Airport & Airway Trust Fund) 
Rescission of unobligated balances .. 
Research, Engineering, and Development (Airport & 
Airway Trust Fund .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
114,000 
(2,758) 
(1 '040) 
(20, 772) 
(10' 033) 
(14' 019) 
(2.546) 
(29,356) 
(2' 142) 
( 1 ,760) 
(11 '089) 
(18' 485) 
13,000 
500,000 
3,000 
4,000 
15,000 
9 '751 
12,000 
( 190' 389) 
941 
(18,367) 
4,646 
150,000 
826,338 
10,025,852 
(7,559,785) 
( 1 '298' 482) 
(19,826) 
(771 ,342) 
(60' 155) 
(107' 161) 
(209' 101) 
2,855,000 
176' 500 FY 2018 
Request 
111 '899 
8,465 
3,000 3,000 
10,000 
9,500 
8,500 
(202,245) 
500 
3,999 
12,000 
170,863 
9,890,886 
( 7' 491 '938) 
(1,257,981) 
( 17 '905) 
(758' 192) 
(59' 041) 
(100,961) 
(204,868) 
2,766 '200 
-31 '200 
150,000 Bi1l 
108,899 
(2,758) 
( 1 '040) 
(20,772) 
( 10' 033) 
(14' 019) 
(2,546) 
(24,255) 
( 2' 142) 
( 1 '760) 
(11 '089) 
(18,485) 
8,465 
1,000 
(3,000) 
15,000 
9,500 
8,500 
(202,245) 
500 
3,999 
150,000 
305,863 
10,185,482 
(7,691 ,814) 
(1,309,749) 
(21 '587) 
(777,506) 
(59' 951) 
(112,622) (212,253) 
2,855,000 
170,000 Bi 11 VS' 
Enacted 
-5' 101 
(-5' 101) 
-4,535 
-500,000 
-2,000 
(+3,000) 
-4,000 
-251 
-3,500 
( +11 '856) 
-441 
(-18,367) 
-647 
-520,475 
+159,630 
(+132,029) 
(+11 ,267) 
(+1 '761) 
(+6, 164) 
(-204) 
(+5, 461) 
(+3' 152) 
-6,500 Bill VS. 
Request 
-3,000 
(+2,758) 
(+1 ,040) 
(+20,772) 
(+10,033) 
(+14,019) 
(+2,546) 
(+24,255) 
(+2, 142) 
(+1 '760) 
(+11 ,089) 
(+18,485) 
-2,000 
(+3,000) 
-3,000 
+5,000 
+150,000 
-12,000 
+135,000 
+294,596 
(+199,876) 
(+51' 768) 
(+3,682) 
(+19,314) 
(+910) 
(+11 ,661) 
(+7,385) 
+88,800 
+31 ,200 +20,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6806 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/110  EH06SE17.110lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Grants-in-Aid for Airports (Airport and Airway Trust 
Fund) (Liquidation of contract authorization). 
(Limitation on obligations). 
Administration. 
Airport cooperative research program. 
Airport technology research ... 
Small community air service development program. 
Total, Federal Aviation Administration. 
Limitations on obligations. 
Total budgetary resources. 
Federal Highway Administration 
Limitation on Administrative Expenses .. 
Federal -Aid Highways (Highway Trust Fund); 
(Liquidation of contract authorization). 
(Limitation on obl1gations). 
(Exempt contract authority). 
Rescission of contract authority (Highway Trust Fund). 
Total, Federal Highway Administration .. 
Limitations on obligations .. 
Exempt contract authority .. 
Total budgetary resources .. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration 
Motor Carrier Safety Operations and Programs (Highway 
Trust Fund) (Liquidation of contract authorization) .. 
(Limitation on obligations) .... 
Motor Carrier Safety Grants (Highway Trust Fund) 
(liquidation of contract authorization) ... 
(Limitation on obligations) ... 
Total, Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration .. 
Limitations on obligations. 
Total budgetary resources. 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 
Operations and Research (general fund). 
Operations and Research (Highway Trust Fund) 
(Liquidation of contract authorization). 
(Limitation on obligations) .. 
Subtotal, Operations and Research. 
Highway Traffic Safety Grants (Highway Trust Fund) 
(Liquidation of contract authorization). 
(Limitation on obligations). 
Highway safety programs (23 USC 402),. 
National priority safety programs (23 USC 405). 
High visibility enforcement .. 
Administrative expenses. 
Total, National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration .... 
Limitations on obligations. 
Total budgetary resources. FY 2017 
Enacted 
(3,750,000) (3,350,000) 
(107,691) 
(15,000) 
(31 '375) 
(10,000) 
13,057,352 
(3,350,000) 
(16,407,352) 
(435,795) 
(44,005,100) 
(43,266,100) 
(739,000) 
-857,000 -857,000 
( 43' 266' 1 00) 
(739,000) FY 2018 
Request 
(3,000,000) 
(3,350,000) 
( 111 '863) 
( 15' 000) 
(33,210) 
12,775,886 
(3,350,000) 
(16, 125,886) 
(442,692) 
(44,973,212) 
(44,234,212) 
(739,000) 
(44,234,212) 
(739,000) Bi 11 
(3,000,000) (3,350,000) 
( 111 '863) 
( 15' 000) 
(33,210) 
13,210,482 
(3,350,000) 
(16,560,482) 
(442,692) 
(44,973,212) (44,234,212) 
(739,000) 
-800,000 -800,000 
(44,234,212) 
(739,000) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
(-750,000) 
(+4, 172) 
(+1 ,835) ( 
-10,000) 
+153,130 (+153, 130) 
(+6,897) 
(+968, 112) (+968, 112) 
+57,000 +57,000 
(+968,112) 
(43,148,100) (44,973,212) (44,173,212) {+1 ,025,112) 
(277,200) (277.200) (367,000) 
(367,000) 
(644,200) (644,200) 
180,075 
(145,900) 
(145,900) 
325,975 
(585,372) (585,372) 
(252,300) 
(277,500) 
(29,500) 
(26,072) 
180,075 
(731 '272) 
(911 ,347) (283,000) 
(283,000) 
(374,800) 
(374,800) (657,800) (657,800) 
152,510 
(149,000) 
(149,000) 
301 '510 
(597,629) (597,629) 
(261 ,200) 
(280,200) 
(29,900) 
(26,329) 
152,510 
(746,629) (899,139) (283,000) 
(283,000) 
(374,800) 
(474,800) (757,800) 
(757,800) 
180,075 
(149,000) 
( 149' 000) 
329,075 
(597,629) 
(597,629) 
(261,200) 
(280,200) 
(29,900) 
(26,329) 
180,075 
(746,629) 
( 926 ,704) (+5,800) (+5,800) (+7,800) 
(+107,800) 
(+113,600) 
(+113,600) 
(+3, 100) 
(+3' 100) 
+3' 100 
(+12,257) 
(+12,257) 
(+8,900) (+2,700) 
(+400) 
(+257) 
(+15,357) 
(+15,357) Bill vs. 
Request 
+434,596 
(+434,596) 
-800,000 
-800,000 
(-800,000) 
(+100,000) 
(+100,000) (+100,000) 
+27,565 +27,565 
+27,565 
(+27,565) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6807 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/111  EH06SE17.111lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Federal Railroad Administration 
Safety and Operations. 
Railroad Research and Development. 
Federal State Partnership for State of Good Repair. 
Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety 
Improvements... .. ............... .. 
Restoration and Enhancement Grants .. . 
Subtotal. 
National Railroad Passenger Corporation: 
Northeast Corridor Grants 
National Network. 
Subtotal. 
Administrative Provisions 
Transportation Technology Center financing (Sec. 151). 
Total, Federal Railroad Administration .... 
Federal Transit Administration 
Administrative Expenses ... 
Transit Formula Grants (Hwy Trust Fund, Mass Transit 
Account (Liquidation of contract authorization). 
(Limitation on obligations) ........ . 
Technical Assistance and Training .. 
Capital Investment Grants. 
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Capital 
and Preventive Maintenance .. 
Total, Federal Transit Administration. 
Limitations on obligations .. 
Total budgetary resources. 
Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation 
Operations and Maintenance (Harbor Maintenance Trust 
Fund). Maritime 
Administration 
Maritime Security Program ... 
Operations and Training. 
Assistance to Small Shipyards. 
Ship Disposal . 
Maritime Guaranteed Loan (Title XI) Program Account: 
Administrative expenses. 
Transfer to NST Innovative Finance Bureau 
(transfer out). 
Total, Maritime Administration .. 
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 
Operational Expenses: General Fund. Hazardous 
Materials Safety: 
General Fund. FY 2017 
Enacted 
218,298 
40' 100 
25,000 
68,000 
5,000 
--~----------
356,398 
328,000 
1 '167 ,000 
-------------
1,495,000 
1,851,398 
113' 165 
(10,800,000) 
(9,733,706) 
5,000 
2,412,631 
150,000 
2 '680 ,796 
(9,733,706) 
(12,414,502) 
36,028 
300,000 
175,560 
10,000 
34,000 
3,000 
522,560 
22,500 
57,000 FY 2018 
Request 
199,000 
39' 100 
25,945 
25,000 
-------------
289,045 
235,000 
525,000 -------------
760,000 
100,000 
1 '149 '045 
110,795 
(10,300,000) 
(9 ,733 '353) 
1,232,000 
149,715 
1,492,510 
(9 ,733 '353) 
(11 ,225,863) 
28,346 
210,000 
171 '820 
9,000 
390,820 
20,960 
55,513 Bi 11 
218,298 
40,100 
500,000 
25,000 
-------------
783,398 
328,000 
1 '100,000 
-------------
1 '428' 000 
2,211,398 
110,795 
(10,300,000) 
(9,733.353) 
5,000 
1 '752. 990 
150,000 
2,018,785 
(9,733,353) 
(11 ,752,138) 
31 '346 
300,000 
175' 620 
3,000 
9,000 
3,000 
(-3,000) 
490,620 
20,500 
57,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+475,000 
-43,000 
-5,000 
-------------
+427,000 
-67,000 
-.. -----------
-67,000 
+360,000 
-2,370 
(-500,000) 
( -353) 
-659,641 
-662,011 
(-353) 
(-662,364) 
-4,682 
+60 
-7,000 
-25,000 
(-3,000) 
-31 '940 
-2,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
+19,298 
+1 ,000 
+474,055 
------ ... ------
+494,353 
+93,000 
+575,000 ------- .. -----
+668,000 
-100,000 
+1 ,062,353 
+5,000 
+520,990 
+285 
+526,275 
(+526,275) 
+3,000 
+90,000 
+3,800 +3,000 +3,000 
(-3,000) 
+99,800 
-460 
+1 ,487 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6808 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/112  EH06SE17.112lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Pipeline Safety: 
Pipeline Safety Fund .. 
Oil Spi 11 Liability Trust Fund ......... . 
Underground Natural Gas Storage Facility Safety 
Fund. 
Subtotal .. 
Subtotal. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials 
Safety Administration 
Pipeline safety user fees. 
Underground Natural Gas Storage Facility Safety Fund 
user fee. , , ...... . Emergency 
Preparedness Grants: 
Limitation on emergency preparedness fund ... 
Total, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety 
Administration. 
Office of Inspector General 
Salaries and Expenses. General 
Provisions -Department of Transportation 
Extending the availability of certain payments (Sec. 
186 ( 1)). 
Total, title I, Department of Transportation. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions ... 
Rescissions of contract authority .. 
Limitations on obligations 
Total budgetary resources. FY 2017 
Enacted 
128,000 
20,288 
8,000 
-~ -----.. ---.... 
156,288 -----------~-
235,788 
-128,000 
-8,000 
(28,318) 
99,788 
90' 152 
===::::::;::::;;;:::::::: 
18,487,487 
(19,344,487) 
(-857,000) 
(57,725,278) (76,212,765) 
====:::;;:::;::;::::::::::: FY 2018 
Request 
124,263 
22,081 
8,000 
-------------
154,344 -------------
230' 817 
-124,263 
-8,000 
(28,318) 
98,554 
87,306 
2,000 
===::::::::::;:::::::;:.:;;: 
16,347,840 
(16,379,040) 
(-31 ,200) 
{58,721,994) {75,069,834) 
========::::==== Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted Request 
131,000 +3,000 +6,737 
23,000 +2,712 +919 
8,000 
.... --..... --........ -. ----------- .. --------- ... ----
162,000 +5,712 +7,656 ------------- ------------- -------------
239,500 +3,712 +8,683 
-131,000 -3,000 -6,737 
-8,000 
(28,318) 
100,500 +712 +1,946 
92' 152 +2,000 +4,846 
-2,000 
:::::::::;;:::::::::==== ========:::==== ==::::========== 
17 '841 '221 -646,266 +1,493,381 
(18,641,221) (-703,266) ( +2' 262' 181) 
(+31,200) 
(-800,000) (+57,000) (-800,000) 
(58,821 ,994) (+1 ,096, 716) (+100,000) 
(76,663,215) (+450,450) (+1,593,381) 
============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6809 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/113  EH06SE17.113lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT. AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE II -DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT 
Management and Administration 
Executive Offices. 
Administration Support Offices .. 
Program Office Salaries and Expenses: 
Public and Indian Housing. 
Community Planning and Development .. 
Housing. 
Policy Development and Research. 
Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity. 
Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes ... 
Subtotal . 
Total, Management and Administration. 
Public and Indian Housing 
Tenant-based Rental Assistance: 
Renewals. Tenant 
protection vouchers. 
Administrative fees ......... . 
Sec 811 mainstream voucher renewals .... 
Incremental VASH vouchers .. 
VASH renewals. . ................ . 
Tribal veterans affairs supportive housing 
renewals .. 
Incremental family unification vouchers. 
PHA Modernization. 
Subtotal (available this fiscal year) ... 
Advance appropriations. 
Less appropriations from prior year advances. 
Total, Tenant-based Rental Assistance 
appropriated in this bill. 
Public Housing Capital Fund ... 
Public Housing Operating Fund 
Choice Neighborhoods. . ........ . Family 
Self-Sufficiency. 
Native American Housing Block Grants. 
Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Fund Program Account. 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans). 
Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grant< 
Total, Public and Indian Housing. 
Community Planning and Development Housing 
Opportunities for Persons with AIDS. FY 2017 
Enacted 
14,000 
517,647 
216,000 
110,000 
392,000 
24,000 
72,000 
9,353 
823,353 
1,355,000 
18,355,000 
110,000 
1,650,000 
120,000 
40,000 
7,000 
10,000 
20,292,000 
4,000,000 
-4,000,000 
20,292,000 
1 '941 '500 
4,400,000 
137,500 
75,000 
654,000 
7,227 
( 1 ,762' 683) 
2,000 
27,509,227 
356,000 FY 2018 
Request 
14,708 
517,803 
216,633 
107,554 
365,829 
24,065 
69,808 
7,600 
791 '489 
1,324,000 
17' 583,826 
60,000 
1,550,000 
107,074 
7,000 
10.000 
19' 317' 900 
4,000,000 
-4,000,000 
19,317,900 
628,000 
3,900,000 
75,000 
600,000 
24,520,900 
330,000 Bi 11 
14,708 
518,303 
216,633 
107,554 
392,000 
24,065 
69,808 
7.600 
817,660 
1,350,671 
18,709,725 
60,000 
1,550,000 
150,000 
(577 ,000) 
7,000 
10,000 
20,486,725 
4,000,000 
-4,000,000 
20,486,725 
1,850,000 
4,400,000 
20,000 
75,000 
654,000 
7,227 
(1 ,953,243) 
27,492,952 
356,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+708 
+656 +633 
-2,446 
+65 
2' 192 
-1 '753 
-5,693 
-4,329 
+354,725 
50,000 
-100,000 
+30,000 
-40,000 
(+577,000) 
-10.000 
+10.000 
+194,725 
+194,725 
-91 '500 
-117' 500 
(+190,560) 
2,000 
-16,275 Bill vs. 
Request 
+500 
+26, 171 
+26, 171 
+26,671 
+1,125,899 
+42,926 
(+577,000) 
+1 '168,825 
+1,168,825 
+1 ,222,000 
+500,000 
+20,000 
+54,000 
+7,227 
( +1 '953' 243) 
+2,972,052 
+26,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6810 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/114  EH06SE17.114lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Community Development Fund: 
CDBG formula. 
Indian CDBG. 
Subtota1. . . . . . . ' ' . 
Community Development Loan Guarantees (Section 108): 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) ... . 
HOME Investment Partnerships Program .. . 
Self-help and Assisted Homeownership Opportunity 
Program .. 
Homeless Assistance Grants. 
Total, Community P1anning and Development. Housing 
Programs 
Project-based Rental Assistance: 
Renewals. 
Contract administrators. 
Subtotal (available this fiscal year). 
Advance appropriations .. 
Less appropriations from prior year advances .. 
Total, Project based Rental Assistance 
appropriated in this bill. 
Housing for the Elderly. 
Housing for Persons with Disabilities .. 
Housing Counseling Assistance ... 
Rental Housing Assistance. 
Manufactured Housing Fees Trust Fund .. 
Offsetting collections. 
Total, Housing Programs. 
Federal Housing Administration 
Mutual Mortgage Insurance Program Account: 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans). 
(Limitation on direct loans). 
Offsetting receipts .. 
Proposed offsetting receipts (HECM). 
Additional offsetting receipts (Sec. 222) .. 
Administrative contract expenses ......... . General and 
Special Risk Program Account: 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) ... 
(Limitation on direct loans). 
Offsetting receipts. 
Total, Federal Housing Administration. 
Government National Mortgage Association 
Guarantees of Mortgage-backed Securities Loan 
Guarantee Program Account: 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans). 
Adm1nistrative expenses. 
Offsetting receipts. 
Offsetting receipts. 
Proposed offsetting receipts (HECM) 
Additional contract expenses. 
Total, Gov't National Mortgage Association .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
3,000,000 
60,000 
~ -* • -- - - - - - --
3,060,000 
(300,000) 
950,000 
54,000 
2,383,000 
~ -- ---- ------
6.803,000 
10,581,000 
235,000 
-------------
10,816,000 
400,000 
-400,000 
---.. -----~ --
10,816,000 
502,400 
146,200 
55,000 
20,000 
10,500 
-10 '500 -.. --.. ------- .. 
11 '539 '600 
(400,000,000) 
(5,000) 
-7,437,000 
-97,000 
130,000 
(30,000,000) 
(5,000) 
-464,000 
-7,868,000 
(500,000,000) 
23,000 
101 '000 
-1 '1 02 '000 
-21 '000 
1 '000 
-1,200,000 FY 2018 
Request 
-------------
2,250,000 
~ ~---.. ------.. 
2,580,000 
10,466,100 
285,000 
---.. ---------
10,751 '100 
400,000 
-400,000 
-------------
10,751,100 
510,000 
121 '300 
47,000 
14,000 
11 '000 
-11 '000 ---------- .... -
11,443,400 
(400,000,000) 
(5,000) 
-7,392,000 
300,000 
-30,000 
160,000 
(30,000,000) 
(5,000) 
-619,000 
-7,581,000 
(500,000.000) 
25,400 
116,000 
-1 '560 '000 
60,000 
1 '000 
-1,589,600 Bill 
2,900,000 
60,000 -------------
2,960,000 
(300,000) 
850,000 
45,000 
2,383,000 
----------- .... 
6,594,000 
11,082,000 
----------- .. -
11,082,000 
400,000 
-400,000 
-------------
11,082,000 
573,000 
147,000 
50,000 
14,000 
11 '000 
11 '000 
~ ----------.. -
11,866,000 
(400,000,000) 
(5,000) 
-7,392,000 
135,000 
(30,000,000) 
(5,000) 
-619,000 
-7,876,000 
(500,000,000) 
25,400 
-116 '000 
-1,560,000 
1 '000 
-1,649,600 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-100,000 
-------------
-100' 000 
-100,000 
-9,000 
---...... -----.... 
-209,000 
+501,000 
-235,000 
.. --------- .. --
+266,000 
-------------
+266,000 
+70,600 
+800 
-5,000 
-6,000 
+500 
-500 -------------
+326,400 
+45,000 
+97,000 
+5,000 
-155,000 
-8,000 
+2' 400 
-15,000 
-458,000 
+21,000 
-449,600 Bill vs. 
Request 
+2,900,000 
+60,000 
-------------
+2,960,000 
(+300,000) 
+850,000 
+45,000 
+133,000 
-------------
+4,014,000 
+615,900 
-285,000 
---.. ------- .. -
+330,900 
---------- .. --
+330,900 
+63,000 +25,700 
+3,000 
--------- .. ---
+422,600 
-300,000 
+30,000 
-25,000 
-295,000 
-60,000 
-60,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6811 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/115  EH06SE17.115lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Policy Development and Research Research and Technology. 
Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity 
Fair Housing Activities. 
Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes 
Lead Hazard Reduction. 
Information Technology Fund. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Total, title II, Department of Housing and Urban Development .......... . 
Appropriations .. 
Advance appropriations ... , ......... . 
Offsetting receipts. 
Offsetting collections. 
(Limitation on direct loans). 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) .... 
TITLE III -OTHER INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Access Board. 
Federal Maritime Commission. 
National Railroad Passenger Corporation Office of 
Inspector General . . . ......... . 
National Transportation Safety Board. Neighborhood Reinvestment 
Corporation .. 
Surface Transportation Board. 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal .. 
United States Interagency Council on Homelessness. 
Total, title III, Other Independent Agencies .... 
TITLE IV -GENERAL PROVISIONS · THIS ACT 
Unobligated balances (Sec. 417) (rescission) ... . Emergency 
Relief Program (Sec 419) (emergency) ... , 
CDBG Disaster Relief (Sec 420) (emergency). 
Total, title IV. General Provisions This Act .. ,. FY 2017 
Enacted 
89,000 
65,300 
145,000 
257,000 
128,082 FY 2018 
Request 
85,000 
65,300 
130,000 
250,000 
126,000 Bill 
85,000 
65,300 
130,000 150,000 
128,082 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
-4,000 
-15,000 
-107,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-100,000 
+2,082 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
38,823,209 
(43,655,709) 
(4,400,000) 
(-9,222,000) 
( -10' 500) 31,354,000 
(36,322,000) 
(4,400,000) 
(-9,357,000) 
( -11 ,000) 38,336,405 
(43,634,405) 
(4,400,000) 
(-9,687,000) 
( -11 '000) 
(10,000) (10,000) (10,000) 
(932,062,683) (930,000.000) (932,253,243) -486,804 
( -21 '304) 
(-465,000) 
( -500) +6,982,405 
(+7,312,405) 
(-330,000) 
(+190,560) (+2,253,243) 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
8' 190 
27,490 
23,274 
106,000 140,000 
37,000 
-1 '250 
35,750 
3,600 
344,304 
-4,000 
528,000 
400,000 
924,000 7 '928 
26' 149 
23,274 
105.170 
27,400 
37' 100 
-1 '250 
35,850 
570 
226,341 8' 190 
27,490 
23,274 
106,000 140,000 
37' 100 
-1,250 
35,850 
570 
341,374 
-7,000 
-7,000 +100 +100 
-3,030 -2,930 -3,000 
-528,000 -400,000 -931,000 +262 
+1 '341 
+830 +112,600 
+115,033 
-7,000 -7,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6812 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/116  EH06SE17.116lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION H -TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Grand total . 
Appropriations .. 
Rescissions .. 
Rescissions of contract authority. 
Advance appropriations .. 
Offsetting receipts. 
Offsetting collections ...... , . , 
(by transfer) ... 
(transfer out). 
(Limitation on obligations). 
Total budgetary resources. FY 2017 
Enacted 
58,579,000 
(63 '345 ,750) 
(-4,000) 
(-857,000) 
(4,400,000) 
(-9,222,000) 
(-11 ,750) 
(57,725,278) 
(116,304,278) FY 2018 
Request 
47,928,181 
(52,928,631) 
( -31 '200) 
(4,400,000) 
(-9,357,000) 
( -12' 250) 
(58,721 ,994) 
(106,650,175) Bi 11 
56,512,000 
(62,618,250) 
(-7,000) 
(-800,000) 
(4,400,000) 
(-9,687,000) 
( -12' 250) 
3,000 
-3,000 
(58,821,994) 
(115,333,994) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-2,067,000 
(-727,500) 
( -3,000) 
(+57,000) 
(-465,000) 
( -500) +3,000 
-3,000 
(+1 ,096,716) 
(-970,284) Bill vs. 
Request 
+8,583,819 
(+9,689,619) 
(+24,200) 
(-800,000) (-330,000) 
+3,000 
-3,000 
(+100,000) 
(+8,683,819) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6813 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/117  EH06SE17.117lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Military Personnel, Army .. 
Military Personnel, Navy. 
Military Personnel, Marine Corps. 
Military Personnel, Air Force. 
Reserve Personnel , Army. 
Reserve Personnel , Navy.. . ........ . 
Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps .. . 
Reserve Personnel, Air Force. 
National Guard Personnel. Army .. 
Nat·ional Guard Personnel, Air Force. 
Total, Title I, Military Personnel. 
TITLE I I 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
Operation and Maintenance. Army. 
Operation and Maintenance. Navy. 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps. 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force ..... 
Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide 
Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve. 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve. 
Operation and Maintenance. Marine Corps Reserve. 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve. 
Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard. 
Operation and Maintenance. Air National Guard. 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. 
Environmental Restoration, Army.. . ........ . 
Environmental Restoration, Navy. 
Environmental Restoration, Air Force .... 
Environmental Restoration, Defense-Wide. 
Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites. 
Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid. 
Cooperative Threat Reduction Account. 
Operation and Maintenance, National Defense Restoration 
Fund. 
Total, Title II, Operation and maintenance .. 
TITLE III 
PROCUREMENT 
Aircraft Procurement, Army. 
Missile Procurement, Army. 
Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, 
Army.. . ....... . 
Procurement of Ammunition. Army. 
Other Procurement, Army. 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy. Weapons 
Procurement. Navy. 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps. 
Shipbuilding and Conversion. Navy. 
Other Procurement, Navy. . ......... . 
Procurement, Marine Corps. 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force. 
Missile Procurement, Air Force. 
Space Procurement. Air Force .. 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force. 
Other Procurement, Air Force. 
Procurement, Defense-Wide 
Defense Production Act Purchases ........ . 
Procurement, National Defense Restoration Fund. 
Total, Title III, Procurement .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
40,042,962 
27,889,405 
12,735,182 
27,958,795 
4,524,863 
1,921,045 
744,795 
1,725,526 
7,899,423 
3,283,982 
128,725,978 
32,738.173 
38.552,017 
5,676,152 
36' 247,724 
32.373,949 
2.743,688 
929,656 
271 '133 
3,069,229 
6,861,478 
6,615,095 
14' 194 
170' 167 
289,262 
371 ,521 
9,009 
222,084 
123' 125 325,604 FY 2018 
Request 
41,533,674 
28,917,918 
13,278,714 
28,962,740 
4,804,628 
2,000.362 
766,703 
1,824,334 
8,379,376 
3,413,187 
133,881,636 
38,945,417 
45,439,407 
6,933,408 
39,429,232 
34 '585' 817 
2,906,842 
1,084,007 
278.837 
3,267,507 
7,307' 170 
6,939,968 
14 '538 
215,809 
281 '415 
293 .7 49 
9,002 
208,673 
104,900 
324,600 Bill 
41,427,054 
28,707,918 
13,165,714 
28,738,320 
4, 721 '128 
1,987,662 
762,793 
1,808,434 
8.252.426 
3,406,137 
132,977,586 
38,467,246 
45,972,535 
6,885,884 
38.592,745 33,516,085 
2,870,163 
1.038,507 
282,337 
3,233,745 
7,275,820 
6.735,930 
14,538 
215,809 
353,649 338,749 
19,002 
233,673 
107,900 
324,600 
5,000,000 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
+1,384,092 
+818,513 
+430,532 
+779,525 +196,265 +66,617 +17,998 +82,908 
+353,003 
+122, 155 
+4,251,608 
+5,729,073 +7,420,518 
+1 '209 ,732 +2,345,021 
+1,142,136 
+126,475 
+108,851 
+11,204 +164,516 +414,342 +120.835 +344 +45,642 +64,387 
-32,772 
+9,993 +11,589 
-15,225 
-1 '004 
+5,000,000 
167,603.260 188,570,298 191,478,917 +23,875,657 Bill vs. 
Request 
-106,620 
-210,000 -113,000 -224,420 
-83,500 -12,700 
-3,910 
-15,900 
-126 '950 
-7,050 
-904,050 
-478' 171 
+533' 128 
-47,524 
-836,487 
-1,069,732 
-36,679 
-45,500 
+3,500 
-33,762 
-31 '350 
-204,038 
+72,234 
+45,000 +10,000 +25,000 +3,000 
+5,000,000 
+2,908,619 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
4,587,598 
1,533,804 
2,229,455 
1,483,566 
6,147,328 
16,135,335 
3.265,285 
633,678 
21 '156 '886 
6,308,919 
1 '307 ,456 
14,253,623 
2. 348' 121 
2,733,243 
1,589,219 
17,768,224 
4,881,022 
64,065 
108,426,827 4,149,894 
2,519,054 
2,423,608 
1 '879' 283 
6,469,331 
15,056,235 
3 ,420,107 
792,345 
19,903,682 
8,277.789 
2,064,825 
15,430,849 
2,296,182 
3,370,775 
1,376,602 
19,603,497 
4,835.418 
37,401 4,456,533 
2,581,600 
3,556,175 
1 '811 '808 
6,386,044 
17,908,270 
3,414,026 
735,651 
21,503,726 
7,852,952 
1 '838' 846 
16,569,196 
2,203,101 
3,210,355 
1,316,977 
19,318,814 
5,229,239 
67,401 
12,622,931 -131 '065 
+1,047,796 
+1,326,720 
+328,242 +238,716 
+1,772,935 
+148,741 
+101 ,973 +346,840 
+1 ,544,033 
+531 ,390 
+2,315,573 
-145,020 
+477,112 
-272,242 
+1 ,550,590 
+348,217 +3,336 +12,622,931 +306,639 +62,546 +1 ,132,567 
-67,475 
-83,287 
+2,852,035 
-6 '081 
-56,694 
+1 ,600,044 
-424,837 
-225,979 
+1,138,347 
-93,081 
160,420 
-59,625 
-284,683 
+393,821 
+30,000 
+12,622,931 
113,906,877 132,583,645 +24,156,818 +18,676,768 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6814 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/118  EH06SE17.118lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army. 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy .. 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force. 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide 
Operational Test and Evaluation, Defense ..... . 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, 
National Defense Restoration Fund. 
Total. Title IV, Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation .. 
TITLE V 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
Defense Working Capital Funds. 
National Defense Sealift Fund. 
Total, Title V, Revolving and Management Funds .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
8,332,965 
17,214,530 
27,788,548 
18,778,550 
186,994 
-------------
72,301,587 
;:::::::::::.::::::::;::::::::::::: 
1 '511 '613 
1 '511 '613 FY 2018 
Request 
9,425,440 
17,675,035 
34,914,359 
20,490,902 
210,900 
-------------
82 ,716 '636 
============= 
1,586,596 
509,327 
2,095,923 Bi 11 
9,701,222 
17,238,619 
33,895,980 
20,637,853 
210,900 
1,000,000 -------------
82,684,574 
====::::======== 
1,586,596 1,586,596 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+1,368,257 
+24,089 
+6,107,432 +1,859,303 
+23,906 
+1 ,000,000 
-------------
+10,382,987 
=========:::::::::::::: 
+74,983 +74,983 Bill vs. 
Request 
+275,782 
-436,416 
-1,018,379 
+146,951 
+1 ,000,000 
-------------
-32,062 
============:::: 
-509,327 -509,327 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TITLE VI 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS 
Defense Health Program 
Operation and maintenance. 
Procurement. 
Research, development, test and evaluation .. 
Total, Defense Health Program 11 
Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense: 
Operation and maintenance. 
Procurement. 
Research, development, test and evaluation. 
Total, Chemical Agents 21. 
Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense11 
Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund .... 
Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund. 
Office of the Inspector General 11 .. ,, 
Total, Title VI, Other Department of Defense Programs. 
TITLE VI I 
RELATED AGENCIES 
Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability 
System Fund. 
Intelligence Community Management Account (ICMA). 
Total, Title VII, Related agencies. 31 '277' 002 402' 
161 
2,102,107 
-------------
33,781,270 
119' 985 
15' 132 
388,609 
~~-~--~~--~-~ 
523,726 
998,800 312,035 
35,615,831 
============= 
514,000 
515,596 
1,029,596 32,095,923 
895,328 
673,215 
-------------
33,664,466 
104,237 
18,081 
839,414 
~ ~ ~ ------ ~ ---
961 '732 
790,814 
14,442 
99,795 
336,887 
---------~ --
35 '868' 136 
============= 
514,000 
532,000 
1,046,000 31,742,923 
895,328 
1 '340' 315 
-------------
33,978,566 
104,237 
18,081 839,414 
-------------
961 '732 
854,814 
336,887 -------------
36' 131 '999 
============= 
514,000 
522' 100 
1,036,100 +465,921 +493' 167 
-761 '792 
-------------
+197,296 
-15,748 
+2' 949 
+450,805 
--~----------
+438,006 
-143,986 
+24,852 -------------
+516, 168 
============= 
+6,504 
+6,504 -353,000 
+667' 100 
-------------
+314, 100 
----------·--
+64,000 
-14,442 
-99,795 
--------""----
+263,863 
============= 
-9,900 
-9,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6815 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/119  EH06SE17.119lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE VIII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Additional transfer authority (Sec 8005) ... 
FFRDC (Sec.8023). 
Rescissions (Sec.8040) .. 
National grants (Sec.8047). 
Shipbuilding and conversion, Navy Judgment Fund. 
O&M, Defense-wide transfer authority (Sec.8051) ... , 
John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development 
Trust Fund (O&M, Navy transfer authority). 
Fisher House Foundation (Sec.8066). 
Revised economic assumptions (Sec.8073) .... 
Defense acquisition workforce development excess cash 
balances (rescission) (Sec.8081) .. 
Fisher House O&M Army Navy Air Force transfer authority 
(Sec. 8086) .. 
Defense Health O&M transfer authority (Sec.8090) .. 
Working Capital Fund, Army excess cash balances 
(Sec . 811 0) . Revised 
fuel costs (Sec.8111). 
Ship Modernization, Operation, and Sustainment Fund 
(rescission) ... 
Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide (Department of 
the Interior Compact Review Agreement) ........ . 
Military pay raise (Sec.8121). . ....... . 
Public Schools on Military Installations (Sec.8122). 
Total, Title VIII, General Provisions. 
TITLE IX 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM 
(GWOT) 
Military Personnel 
Military Personnel, Army (GWOT) .. 
Military Personnel, Navy (GWOT). 
Mi 1 itary Personnel, Marine Corps (GWOT), 
Military Personnel, Air Force (GWOT). 
Reserve Personnel , Army (GWOT). 
Reserve Personnel, Navy (GWOT). 
Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps (GWOT). 
Reserve Personnel , Air Force (GWOT) ... 
National Guard Personnel, Army (GWOT). 
National Guard Personnel, Air Force (GWOT) .... 
Mi 1 itary Personnel, National Defense Restoration Fund 
(GWOT). 
Total, Military Personnel (OCOIGWOT). FY 2017 
Enacted 
(4,500,000) 
-60,000 
-2,002,622 
44,000 
(30,000) 
(1 ,000) 
5,000 
-157,000 -531,000 
(11 '000) 
(122,375) 
-336,000 
-1 ' 155' 000 
-1,391,070 
~~ .. ~~~-~--~--
-5,583,692 
=======:::===== 
1,948,648 
327,427 179,733 
705,706 42,506 
11,929 
3,764 
20,535 196,472 
5,288 
~ ~ ~ --- -. -~ 
3,442,008 
==========:::=== FY 2018 Request 
(5,000,000) 
5,000 
(30,000) 
(11 ,000) 
(115 '519) 
123,900 128,900 
============= 
2,635,317 
377 '857 
103,800 
912' 779 24,942 
9,091 
2,328 
20,569 184,589 
5,004 
.... ------
4,276,276 
============= Bi 11 VS. 
Bi 11 Enacted 
(4,500,000) 
-210,000 -150' 000 
-891 '381 +1 '111 '241 
44,000 
(30,000) 
( -1 '000) 
10,000 +5,000 -289,000 -132,000 
10,000 +521,000 
(11 '000) 
(115' 519) ( -6, 856) 
-75,000 +261 ,000 
-1,007,267 +147,733 
+1 '391 ,070 206,400 +206,400 235,000 +235,000 
. ------------------------
-1,987,248 +3,596,444 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::=:;:::::::;::;::: ============= 
2,635,317 +686,669 377' 
857 +50,430 103,800 
-75,933 
912,779 +207,073 
24,942 -17,564 
9,091 ·2,838 
2,328 -1 '436 20,569 
+34 
184,589 -11 '883 
5,004 -284 1 
'000' 000 +1,000,000 -.. --.. -------------__ ,. .. __ ., 
5,276,276 +1,834,268 
:::::=:::::::::::::;;;=:::::====== ============= Bill vs. 
Request 
(-500,000) 
-210,000 
-891 '381 
+44,000 
-5,000 
+10,000 
-289,000 
-10,000 -75,000 
-1 '007' 267 
-123,900 +206,400 +235,000 
-------------
-2,116,148 
============= 
+1,000,000 ------------
+1 ,000,000 
============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6816 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/120  EH06SE17.120lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (HR. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army (GWOT) .. 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy (GWOT) .. 
(Coast Guard) (by transfer) (GWOT) .. 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps (GWOT). 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force (GWOT) .... 
Operation & Maintenance, Defense-Wide (GWOT) 
(Coalition support funds) (GWOT). 
Operation & Maintenance, Army Reserve (GWOT) ... , ...... ,. 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy Reserve (GWOT) ... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve (GWOT) ... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force Reserve (GWOT) ...... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard (GWOT) .. 
Operation & Maintenance, Air National Guard (GWOT) .. 
Operation & Maintenance, National Defense Restoration 
Fund (GWOT). 
Subtotal, Operation and Maintenance. 
Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (GWOT) .... 
Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund (GWOT), 
Total, Operation and Maintenance (OCOIGWOT) .. 
Procurement 
Aircraft Procurement, Army (GWOT). 
Missile Procurement, Army (GWOT) ........... . 
Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, 
Army (GWOT) 
Procurement of Ammunition, Army (GWOT). 
Other Procurement, Army (GWOT) .. ,,. 
Aircraft Procurement. Navy (GWOT). 
Weapons Procurement, Navy (GWOT). 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps (GWOT). 
Other Procurement, Navy (GWOT).. . ......... , .. 
Procurement, Marine Corps (GWOT), 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force (GWOT). 
Missile Procurement, Air Force (GWOT). 
Space Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) .... 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force (GWOT) ........... .. 
Other Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) ... 
Procurement, Defense-Wide (GWOT). 
National Guard and Reserve Equipment (GWOT) 
Procurement, National Defense Restoration Fund (GWOT) .. 
Total, Procurement (OCOIGWOT), . FY 2017 
Enacted 
15,693,068 
7,887,349 
1 '607 '259 
10,556,598 
6,476,649 
(920,000) 
38,679 
26,265 
3,304 
57,586 
127,035 20,000 
42,493.792 
4,262,715 
980,000 
47,736,507 
============= 
313' 171 
405,317 
395,944 
290,670 
1,343,010 
367,930 
8,600 
65,380 99,786 118' 939 
927' 249 
235,095 
273,345 
3,529,456 
244' 184 
750,000 
9,368,076 FY 2018 
Request 
16' 126' 403 
5,875,015 
(161 '885) 
1 '116 ,640 
10,266,295 
7,712,080 
24,699 23,980 
3,367 
58,523 
108,111 15,400 
41,330,513 
4,937,515 
1,769,000 
48,037,028 
::::::::::::::::::======= 
424,686 559,283 
1 '191 '139 193,436 
405,575 157,300 
152.373 225,587 
220,059 
65,274 740,778 
395,400 
2' 256 
501,509 
4,008,887 
518,026 
9,761,568 Bill 
16,126,403 
5,875,015 
(161 '885) 
1 '116' 640 
10,266,295 
6,944,201 
24,699 
23,980 
3,367 
58,523 
108' 111 
15,400 
2,000,000 -------------
42,562,634 
4,925,515 
1,769,000 
-------- --
49,257' 149 
============= 
424,686 557,583 1 '191 '139 193,436 405,575 
157,300 130,994 
223,843 
207,984 64,071 
510,836 
381 '700 
2,256 
501,509 
3,998,887 
510,741 
1,000,000 
6,000,000 
16,462,540 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+433,335 
-2,012,334 
(+161 ,885) -490,619 
-290,303 
+467,552 
(-920,000) 
-13,980 
-2,285 
+63 
+937 
-18' 924 
-4,600 
+2,000,000 ------~ ----.... 
+68,842 
+662,800 +789,000 
---------- --
+1 ,520,642 
============= 
+111 '515 +152,266 +795,195 
-97,234 
-937,435 
-210,630 
+122,394 +158,463 
+108, 198 54,868 -416,413 +146,605 +2,256 +228, 164 +469,431 +266,557 
+250,000 
+6,000,000 
+7,094,464 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
-767,879 
+2,000,000 -------------
+1 ,232,121 
-12,000 
-------------
+1 ,220,121 
============= 
-1 '700 
-21 ,379 
-1 '744 
-12,075 
-1 '203 
-229,942 
-13,700 
-10,000 
-7,285 
+1 ,000,000 
+6,000,000 +6,700,972 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6817 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/121  EH06SE17.121lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Research. Development, Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Research, Development, Research, Development, 
Air Force (GWOT) .... Test & Evaluation, Army (GWOT) .. 
Test & Evaluation, Navy (GWOT). 
Test & Evaluation, 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide (GWOT). . ............... . Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation, 
National Defense Restoration Fund (GWOT),,, 
Total, Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation (OCOIGWOT) ......... . Revolving and Management Funds Defense Working 
Capital Funds (GWOT). 
Other Department of Defense Programs 
Defense Health Program: 
Operation & Maintenance (GWOT). 
Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense 
(GWOT). 
Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund (GWOT) .. 
Office of the Inspector General (GWOT) .. 
Total , Other Department of Defense Programs 
(OCOIGWOT) .......... , . 
TITLE IX General Provisions 
Additional transfer authority (GWOT) (Sec.9002). 
Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative (GWOT) (Sec.9013) 
Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (GWOT) 
(Sec.9017). 
Rescissions (GWOT) (Sec.9019). 
Coalition support funds (rescission) (GWOT) 
Total, General Provisions. 
Grand Total, Title IX (OCO/GWOT) .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
100,522 
78,323 
67,905 
159,919 
406,669 
140,633 
331 '764 215,333 339,472 
22,062 908,631 FY 2018 
Request 119,368 
130,365 
135,358 
226,096 
611 '187 148,956 
395,805 
196,300 
483,058 
24,692 
1,099,855 Bi 11 
125,368 124,865 
144,508 
226,096 
1,000,000 
1,620,837 
148,956 
395,805 
196,300 
483,058 
24,692 
1,099,855 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+24,846 
+46,542 
+76,603 
+66, 177 
+1,000,000 
+1,214,168 
+8,323 
+64,041 
-19,033 
+143,586 
+2,630 
+191 ,224 Bill vs. 
Request 
+6,000 
-5,500 
+9' 150 
+1,000,000 
+1 ,009,650 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
(2,500,000) 
150,000 
500,000 
-819,000 
-11,524 
-180,524 (4,500,000) (2,500,000) 
150,000 
500,000 
-587,613 
62,387 +231 ,387 
+11 '524 
+242,911 (-2,000,000) 
+150,000 
+500,000 
-587,613 
+62,387 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
61,822,000 63,934,870 73,928,000 +12' 1 06' 000 +9,993,130 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6818 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/122  EH06SE17.122lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE X 
ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS (OCO/GWOT) 
Military Personnel 
Military Personnel, Air Force (GWOT). 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army (GWOT) .. . 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy (GWOT) .. . 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps (GWOT). 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force (GWOT) .. 
Operation & Maintenance, Defense-Wide (GWOT). 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy Reserve (GWOT),. 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force Reserve (GWOT) .... 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard (GWOT). 
Operation & Maintenance, Air National Guard (GWOT). 
Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund (GWOT). 
Counter-ISIL Overseas Contingency Operations Transfer 
Fund. 
Total, Operation and Maintenance OCO/GWOT 
Requirements. 
Procurement 
Aircraft Procurement, Army (GWOT). 
Missile Procurement, Army (GWOT). 
Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, 
Army (GWOT). 
Procurement of Ammunition, Army (GWOT). 
Other Procurement, Army (GWOT) .... 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy (GWOT) 
Weapons Procurement, Navy (GWOT) .. 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps (GWOT), 
Other Procurement, Navy (GWOT). 
Procurement, Marine Corps (GWOT) .. 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) .. ,. 
Space Procurement, Air Force (GWOT). 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force (GWOT). 
Other Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) ... 
Procurement, Defense-Wide (GWOT). 
Total, Procurement OCOIGWOT Requirements. FY 2017 
Enacted 
131,375 986,754 1, 772,631 255,250 
1,566,272 
650,951 
3,208 
115,099 
87,868 
23,000 626,400 
1,610,000 
p--- ~ -~----.,. -
7,697,433 
316,784 579,754 61,218 447,685 412,109 314,257 
129,000 103,100 
151,297 
212,280 856,820 19,900 70,000 
1, 335' 381 
510,635 
-------------
5,520,220 FY 2018 
Request 
-- ~ ----------
~ .. -.... --------Bill 
-------------
-------- .. ---.,. Bill vs, Enacted 
-131,375 
-986,754 
-1,772,631 
-255,250 
-1,566,272 
-650,951 
-3,208 
-115,099 
-87,868 
-23,000 -626,400 
-1,610,000 
-------------
-7,697,433 
-316,784 -579,754 
-61,218 
-447,685 
-412,109 
-314,257 
-129,000 -103,100 
-151 '297 
-212,280 -856,820 
-19,900 
-70,000 
-1,335,381 
-510,635 -------------
5,520,220 Bill vs, 
Request 
-------------
-------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6819 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/123  EH06SE17.123lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Army (GWOT). 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy (GWOT). 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, 
Air Force (GWOT) .. 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide (GWOT) .. 
Operational Test and Evaluation, Defense (GWOT) 
Total, ROTE OCOIGWOT Requirements. Revolving and Management Funds Defense Working 
Capital Funds (GWOT) 
Other Department of Defense Programs 
Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense 
Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation 
OCOIGWOT Requirements (GWOT) 
TITLE X General Provisions 
Additional transfer authority (GWOT) (Sec.10002) 
Total, Title X (OCOIGWOT) ... 
OTHER APPROPRIATIONS 
SECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
Military Personnel (OCO/GWOT) .... 
Operation and Maintenance (OCO/GWOT). 
Procurement (OCOIGWOT)) .. 
Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation 
(OCOIGWOT). . .......... . 
Other Department of Defense Programs (OCO/GWOT). 
Total, Other Appropriations ... 
Grand Total, Bi 11 
Appropriations ........ , .. 
Global War on Terrorism (GWOT). 
Rescissions ............ . 
Rescissions (GWOT) 
(Transfer Authority) .. 
(Transfer Authority) (GWOT). FY 2017 
Enacted 163' 
134 
248,214 
297,300 
279' 185 2,725 990,558 285,681 
127,000 (250,000) 
14,752,267 
265' 118 
4,615,935 
724,447 
81 '700 87,800 
5,775,000 FY 2018 Request 
Bi 11 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-163' 134 -248,214 
-297,300 
-279,185 
-2,725 
-990,558 -285,681 
-127,000 
(-250,000) 
-14,752,267 
-265,118 
-4,615,935 
-724,447 
-81 '700 
-87,800 
-5' 775' 000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
591 '980' 267 
(513,555,692) 
(83, 179,791) 
(-3,924,692) 
( 830,524) 
4,664,375 
2,750 '000 622,149,276 
(558,214,406) 
(63,934,870) 
5,156,519 
4,500,000 650 '420' 169 
(577,393,550) 
(74,515,613) 
( -901 '381) 
(-587,613) 
4,656,519 
2,500,000 +58,439,902 +28,270,893 
(+63,837,858) (+19,179,144) 
(-8,664,178) (+10,580,743) 
(+3,023,311) (-901 ,381) (+242,911) 
(-587,613) 
-7,856 -500,000 -250,000 
-2,000,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6820 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/124  EH06SE17.124lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET RECAP 
Scorekeeping adjustments: 
Lease of defense real property (permanent). 
Disposal of defense real property (permanent) .. 
DHP. O&M to DOD-VA Joint Incentive Fund (permanent): 
Defense function. 
Non-defense function. 
DHP, O&M to Joint DOD-VA Medical 
Demonstration Fund (Sec.8090): 
Defense function. 
Non-defense function. Facility 
O&M, Defense-wide transfer to Department 
of the Interior: 
Defense function. 
Non-defense function. 
Navy transfer to John C. Stennis Center for Public 
Service Development Trust Fund: Defense 
function. . ......... . 
Non-defense function. 
Tricare accrual (permanent, indefinite auth. 31 ... 
Total, scorekeeping adjustments .. FY 2017 
Enacted 
37,000 
8,000 
-15,000 
15,000 
-122,375 
122,375 
-1 '000 
1. 000 
6,953.000 6,998,000 FY 2018 
Request 
38.000 
8.000 
-15,000 
15,000 
-115.519 
115,519 
-123.900 
123.900 
8,145,000 8,191,000 Bi 11 
38,000 
8,000 
-15,000 
15,000 
-115,519 
115,519 
8 
'145. 000 
8. 191 '000 Bill vs. 
Enacted +1. 
000 
+6,856 
-6,856 
+1,000 
-1,000 
+1,192,000 
+1,193,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
+123,900 
-123.900 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
RECAPITULATION 
Title I -Military Personnel. 
Title II -Operation and Maintenance .. 
Title III -Procurement. 
Title IV -Research. Development, Test and Evaluation. 
Title V -Revolving and Management Funds. 
Title VI -Other Department of Defense Programs. 
Title VII -Related Agencies. 
Title VIII -General Provisions (net). 
Title IX -Global War on Terrorism (GWOT). 
Title X -Additional Appropriations .. 
Total. Department of Defense. 
Other appropriations (PL 114-254). 
Scorekeeping adjustments. 
Total mandatory and discretionary .......... . 
11 Included in Budget under Operation and Maintenance 
21 Included in Budget under Procurement 
31 Contributions to Department of Defense 
Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund (Sec. 725. 
P.L. 108-375). Budget request excludes 
proposal to amend TRICARE 128,725,978 133,881.636 
167,603,260 188,570,298 
108,426,827 113 '906. 8 77 
72,301,587 82,716,636 
1 . 511 '613 2.095.923 
35.615,831 35,868,136 
1,029,596 1,046.000 
-5.583,692 128.900 
61 . 822' 000 63,934.870 
14,752,267 
------------- -------------
586,205,267 622' 149' 276 
5,775.000 
6,998,000 8' 191 . 000 
------------- -------------
598.978,267 630,340,276 
:::::;:;;;:;;::::::::;;:::;:::;;::::::::::::::::::::: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:;:;; 132. 977. 586 +4,251,608 -904,050 
191.478.917 +23,875,657 +2,908,619 
132,583,645 +24, 156,818 +18' 676,768 
82,684,574 +10,382,987 -32,062 
1 '586. 596 +74,983 509,327 
36,131.999 +516,168 +263,863 
1,036,100 +6,504 -9,900 
-1 '987' 248 +3,596,444 -2' 116' 148 
73,928,000 +12,106,000 +9,993.130 
-14,752,267 
------------- ------------- -------------
650' 420,169 +64,214,902 +28.270,893 
-5' 775.000 
8,191,000 +1 '193,000 
------------- ------------- -------------
658,611.169 +59,632,902 +28,270,893 
============= ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: =======::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6821 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/125  EH06SE17.125lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION J -LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I -LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Payment to Widows and Heirs of Deceased Members of 
Congress (FY17 PL 114-223, Sec.142)1/ .. 
Salaries and Expenses 
House Leadership Offices 
Office of the Speaker. 
Office of the Majority Floor Leader .. 
Office of the Minority Floor Leader .. 
Office of the Majority Whip. 
Office of the Minority Whip. 
Republican Conference. 
Democratic Caucus. 
Subtotal, House Leadership Offices .. 
Members' Representational Allowances 
Including Members' Clerk Hire, Official 
Expenses of Members, and Official Mail 
Expenses. 
Committee Employees 
Standing Committees, Special and Select ......... . 
Committee on Appropriations (including studies and 
investigations) ... 
Subtotal, Committee employees .. 
Salaries, Officers and Employees 
Office of the Clerk ... 
Office of the Sergeant at Arms. 
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer. 
Office of the Inspector General. 
Office of General Counsel . 
Office of the Parliamentarian. 
Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House .. 
Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House .. 
Office of Interparliamentary Affairs. 
Other authorized employees. 
Subtotal, Salaries, officers and employees .. 
Allowances and Expenses 
Supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal 
tort claims. 
Official mail for committees, leadership offices, 
and administrative offices of the House. Government 
contributions. 
Business Continuity and Disaster 
Transition activities .. 
Wounded Warrior program. 
Office of Congressional Ethics 
Miscellaneous items .. Recovery. 
Subtotal, Allowances and expenses. FY 2017 
Enacted 
174 
6,645 
2' 180 
7' 114 
1 '887 
1 '460 
1 '505 
1 ,487 
22,278 
562,632 
127,053 
23,271 
150,324 
26,268 
15,505 
117' 165 
4,963 
1 '444 
1 '999 
3' 167 
8,979 
814 
1 '183 
181 '487 
3,625 
190 
245,334 
16,217 
2,084 
2,500 
1 '658 
720 
272,328 FY 2018 
Request 
6,645 
2' 180 
7' 114 
1,887 
1 '460 
1,505 
1 '487 
22,278 
567,000 
129,062 
23,226 
152,288 
28,421 
18,076 
133' 635 
5,037 
1 ,492 
2,037 
3,261 
9,437 
816 584 
202,796 
3,625 
190 
251 '630 
16' 186 
2,273 
2,500 
1,699 
722 
278,825 Bi 11 
6,645 
2' 180 
7' 114 
1,887 
1,460 
1 '505 
1 '487 
22,278 
562,632 
127,053 
23,226 
150,279 
27,945 
20,505 
127' 165 
4,968 
1 '492 
2,037 
3,209 
9,437 
814 584 
198' 156 
3,625 
190 
233,540 
16.186 
2,273 
2,750 
1 '670 
720 
260,954 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-174 
-45 
-45 
+1 ,677 
+5,000 
+10,000 
+5 
+48 +38 +42 +458 -599 +16,669 
-11 '794 
31 
+189 
+250 
+12 
-11 '374 Bill vs. 
Request 
-4,368 
-2,009 -2,009 
-476 
+2,429 
-6,470 
-69 
-52 
-2 
-4,640 
-18,090 
+250 -29 
-2 
-17,871 
============= ====~======== ============= ============= ============= 
Total, House of Representatives (discretionary). 
Total, House of Representatives (mandatory) 1 '189 '049 
174 1 ,223,187 1 '1 94' 299 +5,250 
-174 -28,888 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6822 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/126  EH06SE17.126lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION J -LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
JOINT ITEMS 
Joint Economic Committee. 
Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Office of the Attending Physician 
Medical supplies, equipment, expenses, and allowances. 
Office of Congressional Accessibility Services 
Salaries and expenses. 
Total, Joint items. 
Sal aries ... 
General expenses. CAPITOL POLICE 
Total, Capitol Police. 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE 
Salaries and expenses. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
Salaries and expenses. 
ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL (AOC) 
Capital Construction and Operations .. 
Capitol building ................ . 
Capitol grounds .. 
House of Representatives buildings: 
House office buildings .. 
House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund. 
Capitol Power Plant. .. ........ .. 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal, Capitol Power Plant .. 
Library buildings and grounds. 
Capitol police buildings, grounds and security. 
Botanic Garden. 
Capitol Visitor Center .. 
Total, Architect of the Capitol. 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
Salaries and expenses. 
Authority to spend receipts. 
Subtotal, Salaries and expenses. 
Copyright Office, Salaries and expenses. 
Authority to spend receipts .. 
Prior year unobligated balances .. 
Subtotal, Copyright Office ..... 
Congressional Research Service, Salaries and expenses. 
Books for the blind and physically handicapped, 
Salaries and expenses. 
Copyright Office funding flexibility information 
technology (Sec.1103(b))(CBO estimate). 
Total, Library of Congress. FY 2017 
Enacted 
4,203 
10,095 
3,838 
1 '429 
============= 
19,565 
325,300 
68,000 
============= 
393,300 
3,959 
46,500 
92,957 
32,584 
12,826 
185' 731 
17,000 
95,646 
-9,000 
~···~-~~·~~~· 
86,646 
47,080 
20,033 
14,067 
20,557 
============= 
529,481 
457,017 
-6,350 
-------------
450,667 
68,825 
-39,548 
-6' 179 -------------
23,098 
107,945 
50,248 
============= 
631 '958 FY 2018 
Request 
4,203 
11 '169 
3' 838 
1 '444 
============= 
20,654 
347,096 
75,211 
============= 
422,307 
4,056 
49,945 
98,360 
54,898 
14,279 
176 '948 
10,000 
117' 205 
-9,000 
~ ~ ~ ....... --
108,205 
121 '182 
54.177 
13,400 
21 '470 
============= 
672,919 
504,260 
-6,350 
-------------
497,910 
77 '709 
-38,864 
-7,429 -------------
31 '416 
119,279 
52,815 
2,000 
==:::::======:::=== 
703,420 Bi 11 
4,203 
10,455 
3' 838 1 
'444 
============== 
19,940 
347,700 
74,800 
============= 
422,500 
3,959 
48,500 
92,750 
45,300 
13,333 
169,294 
10,000 
115,694 
-9,000 ...... -····· 
106,694 
76,097 
33,249 
13,400 
21 ,470 
============== 
581 '587 
464,209 
-6,350 
-------------
457,859 
72,011 
-41 '305 
-2,260 -------------
28,446 
111 '474 
50,248 
============= 
648,027 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request +360 
-714 
+15 
============= ============= 
+375 -714 +22' 
400 +604 +6,800 
-411 
============= ===========::= 
+29,200 +193 -97 
+2,000 -1 '445 
-207 -5,610 
+12,716 -9,598 
+507 -946 
-16' 437 -7,654 
-7,000 
+20,048 -1 '511 
M. ~ W. M M • M M M M M M M M- M MM-. M M M M 
+20,048 -1 ,511 
+29,017 -45,085 
+13,216 -20,928 
-667 +913 
============= ============-::: 
+52, 106 -91 ,332 
+ 7' 192 -40,051 
------------- -------------
+ 7' 192 -40,051 
+3' 186 -5,698 
-1 '757 -2,441 
+3,919 +5' 169 ------------- -------------
+5,348 -2,970 
+3.529 -7,805 
-2,567 
-2,000 
====:::======== ========::==== 
+16,06g -55,393 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6823 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/127  EH06SE17.127lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION J -LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE 
Congressional publishing 
Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of 
Documents. Salaries and expenses. 
Government Publishing Office Business Operations 
Revolving Fund 
Total, Government Publishing Office 
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
Salaries and expenses. 
Offsetting collections .. 
Total, Government Accountability Office. 
OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND 
Payment to the Open World Leadership Center (OWLC) 
Trust Fund .. 
JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE 
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
Stennis Center for Public Service. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
Scorekeeping adjustment (CBO estimate) 2/. 
OTHER SCOREKEEPING ADJUSTMENTS 
AOC House Office Buildings Fund (PL114-254)(CBO 
estimate). 
Grand total (including scorekeeping adjustments) .. 
Discretionary. . ....... . Mandatory 
1/ .. 
1/ FY2017 funds provided in Continuing Appropriations 
Act, 2017 (Public Law 114-223) 
21 FY2017 is Sec. 175 of Further Continuing 
Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114-254) FY 2017 
Enacted 79,736 
29,500 
7,832 117 '068 567,856 
23,350 FY 2018 Request 79,528 
29,000 
8,540 
117,068 614,478 
-23,800 Bill 
79,528 
29,000 
8,540 
117' 068 
568,306 
-23,800 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-208 -500 
+708 +450 
-450 Bill vs. 
Request 
-46' 172 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
544,506 590,678 544,506 -46,172 
5,600 5,800 5,600 -200 
430 430 430 
-1 '000 -2,000 -1 '000 -2,000 
-4,000 -4,000 -4,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
3,480,590 
(3,480,416) 
(174) 3,806,464 
(3,806,464) 3,580,416 
(3,580,416) +99,826 
(+100,000) 
( -174) -226,048 (-226,048) 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6824 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/128  EH06SE17.128lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION J -LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
RECAPITULATION 
House of Representatives (discretionary). 
House of Representatives (mandatory) 11. 
Joint Items. 
Capitol Police. 
Office of Compliance. 
Congressional Budget Office. 
Architect of the Capitol. 
Library of Congress. 
Government Publishing Office 
Government Accountability Office. 
Open World Leadership Center 
Stennis Center for Public Service. 
Administrative Provisions 21. 
Other Scorekeeping adjustments. 
Grand total 
Discretionary. 
Mandatory 1/. 
1/ FY2017 funds provided in Continuing Appropriations 
Act. 2017 (Public Law 114-223) 
21 FY2017 is Sec. 175 of Further Continuing 
Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114-254) FY 2017 
Enacted 
1 '189 '049 
174 
19,565 
393,300 
3,959 
46,500 
529,481 
631 '958 
117,068 
544,506 
5,600 
430 
1 '000 
============= 
3,480,590 
(3,480,416} 
(174) FY 2018 
Request 
1 '223' 187 
20,654 
422,307 
4,056 
49,945 
672,919 
703,420 
117,068 
590,678 
5,800 
430 
-4,000 
====::======== 
3,806,464 
(3,806,464) Bill 
1 '194' 299 
19,940 
422,500 
3,959 
48,500 
581,587 
648,027 
117' 068 
544,506 
5,600 
430 
-2,000 -4,000 
============= 
3,580,416 
(3,580,416) Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+5,250 -28,888 
-174 +375 -714 
+29,200 +193 -97 
+2,000 -1 '445 
+52, 106 -91 '332 
+16,069 -55,393 
-46,172 
-200 
-1,000 -2,000 -4,000 
============= ============= 
+99,826 -226,048 
(+100,000) (-226,048) 
( -174) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6825 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/129  EH06SE17.129lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION K MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
M1litary Construction, Army. 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. 
M1litary Construction, Air Force 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide. 
Total, Active components. 
Military Construction, Army National Guard. 
Military Construction, Air National Guard. 
Military Construction, Army Reserve. 
Military Construction, Navy Reserve. 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve. 
Total, Reserve components. North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment 
Program. Chemical 
demilitarization construction, Defense-Wide. Department of Defense Base 
Closure Account. 
Total~ Military Construction. 
Family Housing Construction, 
Family Housing Operation and Family Housing 
Construction, 
Family Housing Operation and Marine 
Corps. Army. 
Maintenance, Army. 
Navy and Marine Corps. 
Maintenance, Navy and Family Housing 
Construction, Air Force. 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Air Force. 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide 
DoD Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund .. 
Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund. 
Total, Family Housing. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
Military Construction, Army (Sec. 126) (rescission). 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps {H. Sec. 
126) (rescission). 
M1litary Construction, Air Force (Sec. 127) 
(rescission) .. 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide (Sec. 126) 
(rescission). 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide Planning and Design 
(Sec. 127) .. 
Military Construction, Army (Sec. 125). 
Military Construction. Navy and Marine Corps (Sec. 
125)' 
Military Construction, Air National Guard (Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Army National Guard (Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Army Reserve (Sec. 125). 
NATO Security Investment Program (Sec. 127) 
(rescission). 
42 USC 3374 (Sec. 128). 
Military Construction, Air Force (Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Air National Guard (Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (Sec. 
126)' 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve (Sec. 125). 
NATO Security Investment Program {Sec. 126). (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
513,459 
1,021,580 
1,491,058 
2,025,444 
--~ -~ ---~ -. ---
5,051,541 
232,930 
143,957 
68,230 
38,597 
188,950 
~ -* • ~ - -~ w ~ 
672,664 
177,932 
240,237 
============== 
6,142,374 
============== 
157' 172 
325,995 
94,011 
300,915 
61 '352 
274,429 
59,157 
3,258 
============== 
1,276,289 
=========:::::::::== 
-29,602 
-51' 460 
-141 '600 
-30,000 
40,500 
227,099 
67,500 
30,000 
-30,000 
-25,000 
149,500 
11 '000 
89,400 FY 2018 
Request 
920,394 
1 '616' 665 1 
'738' 796 
3' 114 '913 
7,390,768 
210,652 
161 '491 
73,712 
65,271 
63,535 
574,661 
154,000 
255,867 
============== 
8,375,296 
============== 
182,662 
346,625 
83,682 
328,282 
85,062 
318,324 
59' 169 623 
2' 726 
============== 
1,407,155 
============== Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
923,994 +410,535 
1,558,085 +536,505 
1,540,474 +49,416 
2,791,272 +765,828 
~~~~w--~-~·-~• --~ ~ --- ~ 
6,813,825 +1,762,284 
210,652 -22,278 
161 '491 +17,534 
73,712 +5,482 
65,271 +26,674 
63,535 -125,415 -·-------------~-----
574,661 -98,003 
177,932 
290,867 +50,630 
===:========== ============== 
7,857,285 +1 ,714,911 
==========::::;;;:: ============== 
182,662 +25,490 
346,625 +20,630 
83,682 -10 '329 
328,282 +27,367 
85,062 +23,710 
318,324 +43,895 
59' 169 +12 
623 +623 2 
'726 -532 
============::= ============== 
1,407 '155 +130,866 
============== ============== 
-10,000 +19,602 
-10,000 -10,000 
+51,460 
-27,440 +114' 160 
+30,000 
43,800 +3,300 
126,900 -100' 199 
41 '900 +41 '900 
56,000 -11 ,500 
56,000 +26,000 
+30,000 +25,000 
70' 300 -79,200 
11 '000 
-89,400 
44' 100 +44' 100 
-25,000 -25,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
+3,600 
-58,580 
-198,322 
-323,641 
-576,943 
--------------
+23,932 
+35,000 
============== 
-518,011 
============== 
============== 
::::-;;:;;;::;:;;::;:::::::::::::::: 
-10,000 -10,000 
-27,440 
+43,800 
+126,900 
+41,900 +56,000 +56,000 
+70,300 +44,100 
-25,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6826 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/130  EH06SE17.130lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEFamily 
Family 
(Sec 
Family DIVISION K -MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS. AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
Housing 
Construction, Army (Sec. 126). 
Housing Construction, Navy and Marine Corps 
126). 
Housing Construction, Air Force (Sec. 126) .. (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted FY 2018 
Request Bill 
-18,000 
-8,000 
-20,000 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
18,000 -18,000 
-8,000 -8.000 
-20,000 -20,000 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
Total, Administrative Provisions .. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions 
Total, title I, Department of Defense. 
Appropriations .. 
Rescissions .. 
TITLE I I DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Veterans Benefits Administration 
Compensation and pensions: 
Advance from prior year. 
Subtotal, current year. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2019. 
Readjustment benefits: 
Advance from prior year 
Subtotal. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2019 ... 
Veterans insurance and indemnities: 
Advance from prior year. 
Current year request .. 
Subtotal. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2019. 
Veterans housing benefit program fund: 
(Limitation on direct loans) .. 
Administrative expenses .. 
Vocational rehabilitation loans program account. 
(Limitation on direct loans) .. 
Administrative expenses 
Native American veteran housing loan program account .. 
General operating expenses1 VBA. 
Total, Veterans Benefits Administration. 
Appropriations .. 
Advance appropriations, FY 2019 .. 
Advances from prior year appropriations. 
Veterans Health Administration 
Medical services: 
Advance from prior year. 
Current year request .. 307,337 
(614,999) 
(-307,662) 
7,726,000 
(8,033,662) 
(-307,662) 
(86,083, 128) 
86,083,128 
90,119,449 
(16,340,828) 
16,340,828 
13,708,648 
(91 '920) 
16,605 
108,525 107,899 
(500) 
198,856 
36 
(2,517) 
389 1 
'163 
2,856,160 
============== 
107,009,205 
(3,073,209) 
(103,935,996) 
============== 
(102,515,876) 
(51' 673' 000) 
1,078,993 9,782 '451 
(9 ,782' 451) 
(90, 119,449) 
90,119,449 
95,768,462 
(13,708,648) 
13,708,648 
11 '832' 175 
(107 ,899) 
12,439 
120,338 
109,090 
(500) 
178,626 
30 
(2,356) 
395 1 
'163 
2,844,000 
============== 
110.746,380 
(3,036,653) 
(107 ,709. 727) 
============== 
(103,935,996) 
(44,886,554) 
1,031,808 320,560 
(439,000) 
(-118,440) 
9,585,000 
(9 ,703' 440) 
(-118,440) 
(90,119,449) 
90,119,449 
95,768,462 
(13,708,648) 
13,708,648 11,832,175 
(107,899) 
12' 439 
~~~~~·------
120,338 
109,090 
(500) 
178,626 
30 
(2,356) 
395 
1 '163 
2,899,000 
:::::::::=:=:::::::=:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
110 '801 '380 
(3,091 ,653) 
(107,709,727) 
============== 
( 103 '935 '996) 
(44,886,554) 
1 ,033,808 +13,223 
(-175,999) 
(+189,222) 
+1,859,000 
(+1 ,669, 778) 
(+189,222) 
(+4,036,321) 
+4,036.321 
+5,649,013 
(-2,632,180) 
-2,632,180 
-1,876,473 
(+15,979) 
-4' 166 
~--~*~~~~·~~-~ 
+11 ,813 
+1 '191 
-20,230 
-6 
( -161) 
+6 
+42,840 
::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
+3 ,792' 175 (+18,444) 
(+3,773,731) 
============== 
(+1 ,420,120) 
(-6,786,446) 
-45' 185 +320,560 
(+439,000) 
(-118,440) 
-197,451 
( -79' 011) 
(-118,440) 
~~·~~----w~~ff 
+55,000 +55,000 
(+55,000) 
+2,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6827 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/131  EH06SE17.131lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION K MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
Supplemental funding for opioid abuse prevention 
(P l 115-31) /1. 
Medical Services (Sec. 217) (rescission) .. 
Subtotal. 
Advance appropriation. FY 2019. 
11 Funding for opioid abuse prevention was included 
in the FY17 supplemental. In FY18, it is provided 
within the amount recommended by the Committee 
Medical community care: 
Advance from prior year .. 
Current year request. 
Subtota 1 . 
Advance appropriation, FY 2019. 
Medical support and compliance: 
Advance from prior year. 
Current year request 
Subtotal . 
Advance appropriation, FY 2019. 
Medical facilities: 
Advance from prior year. 
Current year request. 
Subtotal ........... . Advance 
appropriation, FY 2019.,. 
Medical and prosthetic research .. 
Medical care cost recovery collections· 
Offsetting collections. 
Appropr1ations (indefinite) ... 
Subtotal . 
DoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (transfers out). 
DoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (by transfer). 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (Transfer 
out). 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (by 
transfer) ... 
Total, Veterans Health Administration. 
Appropriations ....................... . 
(By transfer). . ........... . 
Advance appropriations, FY 2019. 
Advances from prior year appropriations. 
National Cemetery Administration 
National Cemetery Administration. 
Departmental Administration 
General administration. 
Board of Veterans Appeals. 
Information technology systems. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Construction. major projects. (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
50,000 
-7,246,181 
45,555,812 44,886,554 
7,246,181 7,246,181 
9,409,118 
(6,524,000) 
6.524,000 
6,654,480 
(5,074,000) 
247,668 
5,321,668 
5,434,880 
675,366 
-2,637,000 
2,637,000 
(-274,731) 
(274,731) 
( 15,000) 
( 15' 000) 
68,437,059 
(2,052,027) 
(289,731) 
(66,385,032) 
(63 '271 '000) 
286,193 
345' 391 
156,096 
4,278,259 
160' 106 
528' 110 FY 2018 
Request 
45,918,362 
49,161,165 
(9,409,118) 
254,000 
9,663,118 
8,384,704 
(6,654,480) 
284,397 
6,938,877 
7' 239 '156 
(5,434,880) 
1,079,795 
6,514,675 
5,914,288 
640,000 
-2,507,000 
2,507,000 
(-297,137) 
(297 '137) 
(-15,000) 
( 15 '000) 
73,989,313 
(3,290,000) 
( 312 '137) 
(70,699,313) 
(66,385,032) 
306' 193 346,891 
155,596 
4,055,500 
159,606 
512,430 Bi 11 
45,920,362 49,161,165 
(9,409,118) 
254,000 
9,663,118 
8,384,704 
(6,654,480) 
284,397 
6,938,877 
7 '239' 156 
(5,434,880) 
1 '079 ,795 
6,514,675 
5,914,288 
698,228 
-2,507,000 
2,507,000 
(-297' 137) 
(297,137) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 
74,049,541 
(3,350,228) 
(312' 137) 
(70,699,313) (66,385,032) 
306 '193 
341 '891 
156,096 
4 '133 '000 
160' 106 
410.530 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-50,000 
+7,246,181 
+364,550 
+4,274,611 
(+9,409,118) 
-6,992,181 
+2,416,937 
-1,024,414 
(+130,480) 
+284,397 +414 ,877 +584,676 
(+360,880) 
+832' 127 
+1 '193,007 
+479,408 +22,862 
+130,000 
-130,000 
(-22,406) 
(+22,406) 
+5,612,482 
(+1 ,298,201) 
(+22,406) 
(+4,314,281) 
(+3, 114,032) 
+20,000 
-3,500 
-145,259 
-117,580 Bill vs. 
Request 
+2,000 
+58,228 
+60,228 
(+60,228) 
-5,000 
+500 
+77' 500 +500 
-101 '900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6828 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/132  EH06SE17.132lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION K MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H R. 3354) 
Construction, minor projects .... 
Grants for construction of State extended care 
facilities. 
Grants for the construction of veterans cemeteries. 
Total, Departmental Administration .. 
Administrative Provisions 
JIF rescission. 
General rescission (Sec. 233) General 
reduction (Sec. 234). 
Proposed mandatory disability exams language. 
Total Administrative Provisions. 
Total, title II 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions 
(By transfer). 
Advance Appropriations, FY 2019: 
Mandatory 
Discretionary .. 
Advances from prior year appropriations: 
Mandatory. 
Discretionary. 
(Limitation on direct loans). 
Discretionary 
Advances from prior year less FY 2019 
Net discretionary. 
Mandatory. Advances from 
prior year less FY 2019 
Net mandatory. advances advances 
Total mandatory and discretionary. 
TITLE III -RELATED AGENCIES 
American Battle Monuments Commission 
Salaries and expenses. . ............ . 
Foreign currency fluctuations account. 
Total, American Battle Monuments Commission. U.S. 
Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims 
Salaries and expenses. 
Department of Defense -Civil 
Cemeterial Expenses, Army 
Salaries and expenses. 
Armed Forces Retirement Home -Trust Fund 
Operation and maintenance. 
Capital program ................ . (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
372,069 
90,000 
45,000 
============== 
5,975,031 
-40,000 
-169,000 
-23,000 
--------------
-232,000 
============== 
181,475,488 
(11 ,363,460) 
(-209,000) 
(289,731) 
(103,935,996) 
(66,385,032) 
(102,515,876) 
(63,271 ,000) 
(3,017) 
(77,522,887) 
(-3,114,032) 
--------------
(74,408,855) 
(103,952,601) 
(-1 ,420, 120) --------------
(102,532,481) 
-------------~ 
176,941 '336 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
75,100 
75' 100 
30,945 
70,800 
41,300 
1 '000 FY 2018 
Request 
342,570 
90,000 
45,000 
============== 
5,707,593 
40,000 40,000 
============== 
190,789,479 
(12,380.439) 
(312,137) 
(107,709,727) 
(70,699,313) 
(103,935,996) 
(66,385,032) 
(2' 856) 
(83,067,313) 
(-4,314,281) 
--------------
(78,753,032) 
(107,722,166) 
(-3,773,731) -------------
(103,948,435) 
----------- --
182' 701 '467 
========:::===== 
75' 100 
75' 100 
33,608 
70,800 
41 ,300 
1 ,000 Bill 
342,570 
90,000 
45,000 
============== 
5,679,193 
-399,972 
-71 '188 
~ ---------- ---
-471 '160 
============== 
190,365,147 
(12,356,079) 
(-399,972) 
(312,137) 
(107 '709 '727) 
(70,699,313) 
(103,935,996) 
(66,385,032) 
(2,856) 
(82,642,981) 
(-4,314,281) 
--------------
(78 '328 ,700) 
(107,722,166) 
( -3 '773 '731) 
--------~ ----
(103,948,435) 
------------
182,277,135 
============== 
75,100 
75' 100 
33,600 
78,800 
41,300 
1,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-29,499 
============== 
-295,838 
+40,000 
-230,972 
-48' 188 
--------------
-239,160 
============== 
+8,889,659 
(+992,619) 
(-190,972) 
(+22,406) 
(+3,773,731) (+4,314,281) 
(+1 ,420, 120) 
(+3,114,032) 
( -161) 
(+5,120,094) 
(-1 ,200,249) --------------
(+3,919,845) (+3,769,565) 
(-2,353,611) -----------
(+1 ,415,954) 
------------~ ~ 
+5,335,799 
==========-==== 
+2,655 
+8,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
============== 
-28,400 
-399,972 
-71 '188 
-40,000 
--------------
-511 '160 
============== 
-424,332 
(-24,360) 
(-399,972) 
(-424,332) 
--------------
(-424,332) 
~~-~~~~-~~~~-~ 
-424,332 
============== 
-8 
+8,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6829 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/133  EH06SE17.133lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION K 
Payment from General Fund. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
22,000 FY 2018 
Request 
22,000 Bill 
22,000 
Total, Armed Forces Retirement Home. 64,300 64,300 64,300 Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
Total, title III. 
TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Overseas Contingency Operations 
Army 
Additional funding for planning and design (P. L. 
115-31). 
Navy. 
Additional funding for construction (P L. 115-31). 
Subtotal. 
Air Force .. 
Additional funding for construction (P. L. 115-31). 
Subtota 1 .. 
Defense-Wide. 
Army National Guard 
Additional funding for planning and design (P,L, 
115-31) .. 
Air National Guard 
Add it i anal funding for construction (P.L. 115-31). 
Army Reserve 
Additional funding for planning and design (P. L. 
115-31). <. < ••••••••• ....... '. 
Navy Reserve 
Additional funding for construction (P. L. 115-31). 
Air Force Reserve 
Additional funding for planning and design (P.L. 
115-31). 
Subtota 1 .. 
European Reassurance Initiative 
Army. ..... ''. ''.''. 
Navy. 
Air Force 
Additional funding for planning and design (P.L. 
115-31). 
Subtota 1 . Defense-Wide. 
. '.''' ' .. 
Administrative Provision 
Military Construction. Air Force (Sec. 101, P.L. 
115-31) (rescission) .. 
Subtotal . 241 '145 243,808 251 '800 +10,655 +7,992 
124,000 131 '458 +131 ,458 +7,458 
39,500 -39,500 
38,409 13,390 -25,019 +13,390 
66,708 -66 ,708 
~ -- ~ ------------------------ -------------- -------------- --------------
105' 117 13,390 -91 '727 +13,390 
11 '440 207,200 275,522 +264,082 +68,322 
93,000 -93,000 
-------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
104,440 207,200 275,522 +171 '082 +68,322 
22,400 +22,400 +22,400 
12,000 -12,000 
13,000 -13,000 
10,000 -10,000 
4,525 -4,525 
9,000 ·9,000 ---------------------------- -------------- -----------
297,582 331 '200 442' 770 +145, 188 +111 '570 
18' 900 15,700 15,700 -3,200 
21 '400 18,500 18,500 -2,900 
68,280 270,830 159' 130 +90,850 -111 '700 
12' 300 -12 '300 -------------- -------------- ---------------------------- --------------
80,580 270,830 159' 130 +78,550 -111 '700 
5.000 1 '900 1 '900 -3' 100 
·12,300 +12,300 
113,580 306,930 195,230 +81 ,650 -111 '700 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6830 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/134  EH06SE17.134lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION K -MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, ANO RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
Counterterrorism Support 
Air Force. 
Total, title IV. 
Grand tot a 1 .. 
Appropriations .. 
Rescissions. 
Rescission of OCO. 
Advance appropriations, FY 2019. 
Overseas contingency operations ... 
Advances from prior year appropriations. 
(By transfer). 
(Transfer out). 
(Limitation on direct loans) ... (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
8,571 
======-======= 
419,733 
============== 
189,862.366 
(19,638,267) 
(-516,662) 
( -12 '300) 
(170,321 ,028) 
(432,033) 
(165,786,876) 
(289,731) 
( 289,731) 
(3, 017) FY 2018 
Request 
::::::-:::::::::::::::::;::;;::;:::;;:;;::: 
638' 130 
:::::::::::::=====::;;;===== 
201,453,868 
(22,406,698) 
(178,409,040) 
(638 '130) 
(170,321 ,028) 
(312' 137) 
( 312' 137) 
(2,856) Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
-8,571 
==========-==== ========-====== 
638,000 +218,267 
============== ============== 
200,839,947 +10,977 ,581 
(22,311 .319) (+2,673,052) 
(-518,412) ( -1 ,750) (+12,300) 
(178,409,040) (+8,088,012) 
(638,000) (+205,967) (170,321 
,028) (+4' 534' 152) (312, 137) 
(+22,406) 
(-312,137) (-22,406) 
(2,856) ( -161) Bill vs. 
Request 
;::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
-130 
============== 
-613,921 
(-95,379) 
( -518, 412) ( 
-130) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6831 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/135  EH06SE17.135lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION L ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT. FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I · DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE · CIVIL 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
Corps of Engineers -Civil 
Investigations 
Construction. 
Mississippi River and Tributaries. 
Operation and Maintenance. . ....... . 
Regulatory Program. 
Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program 
(FUSRAP). 
Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies. 
Expenses .. 
Office of Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil 
Works) . . .................... . 
Total, title I, Department of Defense- Civil .. 
Appropriations .... 
TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
Central Utah Project 
Central Utah Project Completion Account ... 
Bureau of Reclamation 
Water and Related Resources. 
Central Valley Project Restoration Fund. 
California Bay-Delta Restoration. 
Policy and Administration. 
Total. Bureau of Reclamation. 
Total, title II, Department of the Interior. 
Appropriations. 
TITLE III · DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
Energy Programs 
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. 
Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability .. 
Nuclear Energy. 
Defense function. 
Subtotal. 
Fossil Energy Research and Development. 
Fossil proviso. .. ....... 
Subtotal. 
Naval Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves ............... . 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve 
Sale of crude oil .. 
Use of sale proceeds .. 
Subtotal . 
SPR petroleum account. 
Sale of crude oil (Sec 307). 
Use of sale proceeds (Sec. 307) 
Subtotal. FY 2017 
Enacted 
121 '000 
1,876,000 
362,000 
3' 149 '000 200,000 112,000 
32,000 
181.000 
4.764 
======::::;::;:;:;;;::;;: 
6,037,764 
(6,037,764) 
10.500 
1,155,894 
55,606 
36,000 
59,000 
-~~----~--~-
1,306,500 
:::::::::::::========= 
1. 317 '000 
( 1 . 317 ' 
000) 
2,090,200 
230,000 
880,000 
136,616 
-M ~ * W- ... ----- -
1,016.616 
618,000 
50,000 
668,000 
14,950 
223,000 
-340,000 
340.000 
---------
223.000 FY 2018 
Request 
86,000 
1.020,000 
253.000 
3.100. 000 200.000 118,000 
35,000 
185,000 
5,000 
============= 
5,002,000 
(5,002,000) 
8.983 
960,017 
41 '376 
37,000 
59,000 ---------
1.097,393 
============= 
1 '1 06.376 
( 1 ' 1 
06. 3 76) 636' 
149 120,000 570,000 
133.000 
-- ~ ---------
703.000 
280,000 280,000 
4,900 
180,000 
-350.000 
350,000 -------------
180' 000 
8,400 
8,400 Bi 11 
106.000 
1,697,500 
301,000 
3,519,325 
200,00D 
118,000 
32,000 
179' 175 
4,764 
=======::::===== 
6,157. 764 
(6,157,764) 
8,983 
1,091 '790 
41,376 
37,000 
59,000 
~ ------.. -
1,229,166 
============= 
1 ,238,149 
(1 ,238,149) 
1,085,508 
228,500 
836,000 
133,000 
-------· . -. 
969,000 
668,000 668,000 
4,900 
252.000 
-350,000 
350,000 -------------
252.000 
-8.400 
8,400 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-15,000 
-178,500 
-61,000 
+370,325 +6,000 
-1 '825 
============= 
+120,000 (+120,000) 
-1,517 
-64,104 
-14,230 
+1 ,000 
-~--------~ --
-77' 334 
=========:::::=== 
-78,851 
(-78,851) 
-1,004,692 
-1 '500 
-44,000 
-3,616 
-------------
-47,616 
+50,000 
-50,000 -10,050 
+29.000 
-10.000 
+10.000 
------ ... --... 
+29,000 
-8,400 
+8,400 Bill vs. 
Request 
+20,000 +677,500 +48,000 
+419,325 
-3.000 
-5,825 
-236 
:;;:;::;:.:::::::;.:::::::::::::::: 
+1,155,764 
(+1 '155,764) 
+131 '773 
---------- .. 
+131 ,773 
============:;;; 
+131,773 (+131,773) +449.359 
+108,500 +266,000 
----------- ~ -
+266,000 +388.000 +388,000 +72,000 
--.. -------~ -
+72,000 
-8,400 -8,400 
+8,400 
-8,400 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6832 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/136  EH06SE17.136lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION L -ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve. 
Energy Information Administration. 
Non-defense Environmental Cleanup .. 
Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund 
Science. 
Nuclear Waste Disposal. 
Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy 
Rescission ... 
Subtotal .. 
Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program. 
Offsetting collection. 
Rescission .. 
Subtotal. 
Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loans program. 
Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program. 
Rescission. 
Subtotal . 
Departmental Administration. 
Miscellaneous revenues .. 
Net appropriation. 
Office of the Inspector General. 
Total, Energy programs. 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National Nuclear Security Administration 
Weapons Activities. 
Rescission. 
Budget amendment rescission ... 
Subtotal. 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .. 
Rescission 
Subtotal 
Naval Reactors. 
Rescission. 
Subtotal .. 
Federal Salaries and Expenses 
Total, National Nuclear Security Administration. 
Environmental and Other Defense Activities 
Defense Environmental Cleanup. 
Defense Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning. . ........... . 
Other Defense Activities. FY 2017 
Enacted 
6,500 
122,000 
247,000 
768,000 
5,392,000 
306,000 306,000 
37,000 
-30,000 
7,000 
5,000 
9,000 
-9,000 
246,000 
-103,000 
143,000 
44,424 
11,283,690 
9,318,093 
-64' 126 
-8,400 
9,245,567 
1,902,000 
-19' 128 
1,882,872 
1,420,120 
-307 
1 '419 '813 
390,000 
12,938,252 
5,405,000 
563,000 
784,000 FY 2018 
Request 
6,500 
118,000 
218,400 
752,749 
4,472.516 
90,000 
20,000 
-46,367 -26,367 
2,000 
-2,000 
-250,000 
-250,000 
2,000 
241,652 
-96,000 
145,652 
49,000 
7,510,899 
10,239,344 10,239,344 
1,842,310 
-49,000 
1,793,310 
1,479,751 
1,479,751 
418,595 
13,931,000 
5 '537' 186 
815,512 Bi 11 
6,500 
118,000 
222,400 
768,000 
5,393,200 
90,000 
2,000 
-2,000 
-411 '000 
-411,000 
5,000 
500 500 
255,493 
-96,000 
159,493 
49,000 
9,609,001 
10,239,344 
10,239,344 
1,825,461 
-49,000 
1,776,461 
1,486,000 
1,486,000 
412,595 
13,914,400 
5,405,000 
825,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-4,000 
-24,600 
+1,200 
+90,000 
-306,000 
-306,000 
-35,000 
+28,000 
-411 '000 
-418,000 
-8,500 
+9,000 +500 
+9,493 
+7,000 
+16,493 
+4,576 
-1,674,689 
+921,251 +64' 126 
+8,400 
+993,777 
-76,539 
-29,872 
-106,411 +65,880 
+307 
+66, 187 +22,595 +976' 148 
-563,000 
+41,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
+4,000 
+15,251 +920,684 
-20,000 
+46,367 +26,367 -161 
'000 
-161 ,000 +3,000 +500 +500 
+13,841 +13,841 
+2,098,102 
·16,849 
-16,849 
+6,249 +6,249 
-6,000 
-16 '600 
-132' 186 +9,488 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6833 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/137  EH06SE17.137lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION L -ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Defense nuclear waste disposal .. 
Total, Environmental and Other Defense Activities. 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities. 
Power Marketing Administrations /1 
Operation and maintenance, Southeastern Power 
Administration... . .... , , .. 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal , 
Operation and maintenance, Southwestern Power 
Administration. 
Offsetting collections .. 
Subtotal 
Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area 
Power Administration.,. 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal . 
Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund. 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal . 
Total, Power Marketing Administrations. 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
Salaries and expenses. 
Revenues applied .. 
General Provisions 
Title III Rescissions: 
Department of Energy: Energy 
Programs and PMAs.,,,.,,,, .. ,, 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities {050). 
Fossil Energy Research and Development., 
Subtotal . Uranium 
lease and take· back revolving fund,, 
Uranium lease and take-back revolving fund initial 
capitalization. 
Northeast gasoline supply reserve sale. 
Total, title III, Department of Energy,,,,,, 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
TITLE IV -INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Appalachian Regional Commission. . .. , , , , , , Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board. 
Delta Regional Authority. 
Denali Comm1ssion. 
Northern Border Regional Commission. 
Southeast Crescent Regional Commission. FY 2017 
Enacted 
6,752,000 
19,690,252 
1,000 
-1,000 
~~~-~ .. ~------
45,643 
-34,586 
11 '057 
273,144 
·177,563 -------------
95,581 
4,070 
-3,838 
---------
232 ------------
106,870 
346,800 
-346,800 
-81,063 
-13,740 
-240,000 
w ~-- -.. ---- ---
-334,803 
============= 
30,746,009 
(31,181,773) 
( -435,764) 
============= 
152,000 
30,872 
25,000 
15' 000 
10,000 
250 FY 2018 
Request 
30,000 
6,382,698 
20,313,698 
6,379 
-6,379 -~---~ -------
30,288 
-18,888 
.. --,.-.. -.. ----
11 ,400 
267,686 
-174,314 -------------
93,372 
4' 176 
-3,948 -------------
228 ------ .. ------
105,000 
367,600 
-367,600 
----.... "--.... --
10,000 
1,000 
-70,000 
========::::==== 
27,870,597 
(28,215,964) 
(·345,367) 
============= 
26,660 
30,600 
2,500 
7,300 
850 Bill 
30,000 
6,260,000 
20,174,400 
6,379 
-6,379 ------- .. ----.. 
30,288 
-18,888 
--------
11,400 
232,276 
-138,904 .......................... 
93,372 
4' 176 
-3,948 
----------
228 ___ ., ___ ., 
105,000 
367,600 
-367,600 
-----.... -
==~:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
29,888,401 
(30,348,401) 
(-460,000) 
============= 
130,000 
30,600 
15,000 
11 '000 
5,000 
250 Bill vs. Bill vs. Enacted Request 
+30,000 
-492,000 -122,698 
+484' 148 -139,298 
+5,379 
-5,379 
---.. ---'"-.. ------.. ---- ~ ... --
-15,355 
+15,698 ---------
+343 
-40,868 -35,410 
+38,659 +35,410 
----------- ..... -.. ---------
-2,209 
+106 
-110 
----------- ... --------------
-4 
-~~~~~~~~ -----~~~-~~-
-1 '870 
+20,800 
-20,800 
+81 ,063 
+13,740 
+240,000 ----------- .... .. --,_-M-W----.. 
+334,803 
-10,000 
-1,000 
+70,000 
::::;:::;:o::::;:;::::::::::::::::::::::=== ============= 
-857,608 +2,017,804 
(-833,372) (+2,132,437) 
( ·24' 236) (·114,633) 
============= ============= 
-22,000 +103,340 
-272 
-10,000 +12,500 
-4,000 +3,700 
-5,000 +4' 150 +250 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6834 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/138  EH06SE17.138lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION L · ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2018 (H.R. 3354) 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission: 
Salaries and expenses. 
Revenues. 
Subtotal. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Revenues .. 
Subtotal. 
Total. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board ....... . 
Total, title IV, Independent agencies. 
Appropriations. 
Grand total. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
il Totals adjusted to net out alternative financing 
costs. reimbursable agreement funding, and power 
purchase and wheeling expenditures. Offsetting 
collection totals only reflect funds collected 
for annual expenses, excluding power purchase 
wheeling (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2017 
Enacted 
905,000 
-794,580 
•• w ~ ~ • - ----- -
110,420 
12,129 
·10. 044 
----------
2,085 -------------
112,505 
3,600 
:::::::;;:::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
349,227 
(349,227) 
:::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
38,450,000 
{38,885,764) 
{ ·435 ,764) 
============= FY 2018 
Request 939.137 
·803,409 
--- ~ ~ -~ ~----
135 ,728 
12,859 
-10,555 
~ -----------
2,304 
138,032 
3,600 
============= 
209,542 
(209,542) 
============= 
34. 188 '515 
{34,533.882) 
(-345,367) 
===========:== Bi 11 
939. 137 
-779,829 -------------
159,308 
12,859 
-10,555 -------------
2,304 ------------ .. 
161.612 
3,600 
======::::::::::::::::::: 
357,062 
(357,062) 
============-= 
37,641,376 
(38, 101,376) 
(-460,000) 
============= Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request +34, 137 
+14, 751 +23,580 ------------- -------------
+48,888 +23,580 
+730 -511 
----~----.. ------- ... ---
+219 
---------- ----------- .. --
+49,107 +23,580 
============= ============= 
+7,835 +147,520 (+7,835) (+147,520) 
:::=-=========== ============= 
·808,624 +3,452,861 
(-784,388) (+3,567,494) 
{-24,236) ( -114.633) 
=====::::======== ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6835 September 6, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.070 H06SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 652/139  EH06SE17.139lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION M -DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
BORDER INFRASTRUCTURE CONSTRUCTION APPROPRIATIONS ACT (H.R. 3354) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
Procurement, Construction, and Improvements Border 
boll ard fencing ... 
Bollard levee wall .. 
Secondary fencing .. 
Planning for border wall construction .... 
Subtotal, Procurement, Construction, and 
Improvements. . ....... . 
Subtotal, U.S. Customs and Border Protection .. 
Total, Department of Homeland Security .. FY 2017 Enacted FY 2018 Request 
----~--¥---~ -Bi 11 
784,000 498,000 251,000 
38,239 -------------
1,571,239 
----------w--
1,571,239 
1,571,239 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+784,000 +784,000 +498,000 +498,000 +251,000 
+251 ,000 
+38,239 +38,239 
------------- -------------
+1 '571 '239 +1 ,571,239 
_________ ., ------------- -
+1 ,571,239 +1,571 ,239 
+1 ,571,239 +1 ,571,239 
==;========== ======~===~== ============= ============= ============= 
Grand total .. 1,571 '239 +1 ,571,239 +1 ,571,239 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6836 September 6, 2017 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 8 minutes. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this bill, which would turn back the clock on American excellence, fol-lowing President Trump’s lead on di-vesting from education, health, foreign assistance, science, and infrastructure. The process for this bill has been out-rageous, and this debate, frankly, is an utter waste of time. Just hours ago, Congressional leadership and the Presi-dent agreed to pass a package includ-ing Hurricane Harvey assistance as well as a debt limit extension and a continuing resolution to keep govern-ment running until December 15. We should be working to pass that meas-ure now so that we can work toward a bipartisan budget agreement instead of wasting days on a bill that undercuts economic growth and priorities on which families rely, and is so hyperpartisan it will never earn the Democratic support needed to be en-acted. Breaking from longstanding tradi-tion that enables Members to advance amendments in an open process, the Rules Committee required amendments be submitted 12 days ago during the District work period and reported a re-strictive, structured rule for relatively few of them so far. The majority denied consideration of many amendments that would address timely, high-profile challenges, some of which cut to the core of our democ-racy, and would have been allowed under an open rule. In one of the most egregious examples, the majority blocked an amendment to provide safe-guards to ensure the integrity of gov-ernment reports on violent domestic extremism, the likes of which erupted in Charlottesville in recent weeks, re-sulting in the death of a young woman exercising her right to freedom of speech. Not only were amendments to ad-dress the President’s revocation of DACA deemed out of order, in an af-front to the Appropriations Committee and to this institution, the majority removed a bipartisan amendment passed in committee that would have allowed DREAMers to work for the Federal Government. My friends, we have a responsibility to pass the DREAM Act now. It is ab-surd that, after years of receiving bi-partisan majority support, Republican leadership has refused to allow a vote. The Rules Committee should make in order amendments to protect the integ-rity of our elections and the independ-ence of the special counsel’s Russia in-vestigation. This bill also fails on the merits. The nondefense bills are below sequestra-tion levels set in law, slashing funding for teacher training, apprenticeship grants to help young adults train for good jobs, law enforcement grants that help keep our communities safe, envi-ronmental protections that ensure we drink clean water, breathe clean air, highway and transit grants that im-prove the quality of life for our con-stituents, and a number of scientific and research programs that are impor-tant for global competitiveness. This bill is littered with riders with deep-rooted opposition, like cutting funding for Planned Parenthood. If the majority is serious about governing, loading must-pass spending bills with these policy riders is a surefire way to fail. Turning to the State and Foreign Op-erations division of the bill, I want to thank Steve Marchese, Erin Kolodjeski, and Matt Washington with the subcommittee; Liz Leibowitz and Dean Fischer from my office; Craig Higgins, Susan Adams, Clelia Alvarado, David Bortnick, Winnie Chang, Lacy Kilraine, Megan O’Donnell, and Alex Pinson with the majority. Diplomacy and development efforts are critical to protecting our country’s national security and building stronger and more stable communities around the world. That is why cuts in this di-vision are so deeply troubling. As demonstrated through both the President’s unworkable request and the subcommittee’s unsustainable alloca-tion, the majority does not fully em-brace the vital role diplomatic and de-velopment activities add to our na-tional security and economic interests abroad. On the positive side, the bill sustains our bipartisan and unwavering support for our close ally and partner Israel, as well as Jordan. And I do appreciate Chairman R
OGERS protecting resources for basic education, water, sanitation, democracy, and some vital women’s programs, which provide communities the foundations for inclusive economic growth and poverty reduction. While he rejected the most extreme proposals in the President’s budget, the allocation is insufficient to respond to global challenges. We must reverse dangerous and shortsighted cuts for programs such as multilateral coopera-tion, international family planning, and climate change, as well as the ex-pansion of the Global Gag Rule to all global health programs, and the prohi-bition on U.S. contributions to UNFPA. The Rules Committee should have made in order amendments I submitted to strike the expansion of the Global Gag Rule and the ban on funding for the United Nations Population Fund, and to restore essential funding for international development and diplo-macy. Despite the administration’s pro-fessed hope that other nations will fill the gaps created by cuts in this bill, we are at risk of that void being filled by those who oppose our values and inter-ests, leaving the world far different from what we want for our children and grandchildren. It is time for the majority to set aside its most extreme proposals, in-cluding the border wall and interior immigration enforcement, and work with Democrats to write bipartisan legislation that could actually be en-acted. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the chairman of the State and Foreign Operations Subcommittee, my prede-cessor as full chairman. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in strong support of the fiscal year 2018 appropriations measure before us today. The com-mittee, as the chairman said, has worked at a historic pace to produce a bill that reflects the priorities of the American people. Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN should be recognized for his leadership in bringing this legislation through committee and before the House in record time. While the entirety of the package should be supported, I want to high-light, Mr. Chairman, the funding pro-vided for the Department of State and Foreign Operations. This portion of the bill reduces international diplomatic and development programs by $10 bil-lion, a 17 percent reduction from fiscal year ’17. In a tough budget environ-ment, the bill strikes a delicate bal-ance between fiscal responsibility and support for continued U.S. leadership and foreign aid. First and foremost, over $6 billion is allocated for embassy security, which will enable the State Department to safeguard American diplomatic facili-ties overseas, in line with the rec-ommendations of the Benghazi Ac-countability Review Board. Second, the bill contains $8.4 billion for security assistance to support key U.S. allies and partners. The U.S.- Israel Memorandum of Understanding is fully funded at $3.1 billion. The bill also maintains foreign military financ-ing for Egypt, Jordan, Tunisia; and it increases security assistance for Ukraine, and provides extra support for other countries facing Russian aggres-sion. In our own hemisphere, the bill will help counter transnational criminal or-ganizations and the flow of illegal drugs by supporting our partnerships with Colombia, Central America, and Mexico. Third, the bill promotes American values around the world by maintain-ing funding for key democracy pro-grams. Fourth, the bill continues our coun-try’s strong tradition of helping the most vulnerable, providing $8.3 billion for global health programs and over $5.9 billion for humanitarian assist-ance. At the same time, the bill pro-tects and preserves life by embracing an expanded Mexico City policy, pro-hibiting funding for the U.N. Popu-lation Fund, and continuing all pro-life riders carried in prior House bills. Finally, at a time when we must re-main focused on balancing Federal spending, this bill eliminates many programs, aims to improve oversight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.071 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6837 September 6, 2017 
and management, and makes our gov-ernment more accountable. No funds are provided for President Obama’s Global Climate Change Initiative. Funding for the U.N. is reduced by $900 million, and international banks and financial institutions are cut by over $800 million. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, this legislation advances both our national security and economic inter-ests. I urge support for the bill. b1645 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the ranking mem-ber of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY . I wish we could be here under other circumstances. The process to consider the CJS portion of this bill as part of an omnibus package is not in keeping with how the appropriations process should work. Each bill should be given individual consideration under an open rule. Some on the other side are cheering this floor process, which is ironic given their years of opposition to such a lumped-together package. I am not sure what has changed their minds today, and at this point we don’t even know if Members will be allowed to offer amendments that are nec-essary to improve half of the bill and rein in this out-of-control administra-tion because the Rules Committee has not yet provided us with that informa-tion. I also wish that the substance of what we are considering this week were better. As the ranking member of the CJS Subcommittee, I can say that the CJS portion of this bill received an in-adequate allocation. After scorekeeping adjustments, the bill in-cludes an approximately 1 percent cut below fiscal year 2017. This is far below the level needed to adequately fund the programs in this bill which are crucial to economic development, scientific in-novation, and protecting our Nation’s cherished constitutional values. Before we touch upon these serious problems, let me mention some areas where both sides agree. I do want to commend Chairman C
ULBERSON for re-jecting several of the worst ideas in the Trump administration’s budget. This includes rebuffing proposals that would have reduced research funding at the National Science Foundation and eliminated the Minority Business De-velopment Agency. This bill also re-jects cuts to educational efforts in the NSF, NASA, and a proposed cut for the FBI. Unfortunately, far too many of the President’s terrible proposals are given credence by this legislation. The Legal Services Corporation, the Manufac-turing Extension Partnership Program, and the Economic Development Ad-ministration all absorb significant cuts below the current funding level. The Census Bureau is greatly underfunded and will be unable to complete the im-portant and necessary work that must be done now to prepare for the 2020 Census. A number of other programs are shortchanged, including climate change research programs at NSF and NOAA, several National Weather Serv-ice initiatives, and a number of DOJ grant programs, like the COPS Hiring Program and several police reform grant programs. Democrats and Repub-licans, alike, support most, if not all, of these programs, but we simply can-not fix these problems under this allo-cation. I am also troubled that this bill al-lows many of the administration’s most disturbing priorities and initia-tives related to immigration and civil rights to move forward without the necessary congressional oversight. In the wake of Charlottesville and Tues-day’s DACA decision, there are many in this country who are justifiably questioning the President’s commit-ment to tolerance, fairness, and inclu-siveness. The Trump administration’s budget request for the Department of Justice raises those questions as well. A pro-posal to harm immigrants by increas-ing criminal enforcement is funded in this bill. There is no attempt to limit the Department’s actions to undermine affirmative action, support voter re-striction that disproportionally hurts minority populations, and ignore LGBT protections. Many of these ideas have long been rejected by the Amer-ican people, but the President and the Attorney General continue to give them credibility. Democrats and Republicans have of-fered amendments to limit the reach of these drastic policy changes, but at this point, it is unclear whether any of these amendments will be made in order. I hope we will have a serious op-portunity to make changes to this bill, but that seems unlikely. In its current form, I cannot support this portion of the bill or the bill as a whole. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), chairman of the Agri-culture Subcommittee on Appropria-tions. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, it is my distinct honor to bring the fiscal year 2018 Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies bill before you today as part of the Make America Se-cure and Prosperous Appropriations Act. I do want to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for his commitment to the annual appropriations process. Under his steadfast leadership, the House is scheduled to vote on all 12 ap-propriations bills, which is an extraor-dinary achievement. I would also like to thank Ranking Member LOWEY and Ranking Member B
ISHOP for their cooperative spirit. Mr. B
ISHOP is the new ranking member for the Agriculture Subcommittee, and I have enjoyed working with him over the past several months as we have moved forward to try to help rural America and rural communities. The Agriculture Appropriations bill responsibly targets funds to national programs that provide the most benefit to the American people and to the United States economy. The bill re-ceived bipartisan support throughout the process, even though much of the funding and policies reflect a conserv-ative policy. The overall total for both discre-tionary and mandatory spending in the bill equals $144.9 billion. That is $4.1 billion above the President’s request and $8.6 billion below the FY17 enacted level. The bill includes $20 billion in discretionary budget authority, which is $1.1 billion below the FY17 enacted level when adjusting for the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission. The mandatory funds in this bill sup-port USDA’s farm production, con-servation, crop insurance, and nutri-tion programs. I would like to thank all the Mem-bers who have submitted requests and gave input as we have moved forward and crafted this legislation. Knowing what programs Members are interested in has helped us direct funding to sup-port rural communities across the country and also combat animal and plant pests and disease threats, pro-mote U.S. agricultural exports, support food safety and medical product safety, provide U.S. commodities to those in need overseas, and address the critical needs of research. We protected our most vulnerable populations in this bill by providing funding for all of USDA’s nutrition programs at levels that ensure all eli-gible participants will receive the nu-trition assistance that they need. We made sure that the farm loan programs will meet current estimates of demand during the current economic downturn in several areas of the farm economy. Furthermore, the bill provides $5.2 billion to the Food and Drug Adminis-tration, including the preservation of nearly $2.8 billion in discretionary re-sources to assist the FDA in protecting and promoting public health. The bill continues to support the food safety activities associated with the Food Safety Modernization Act and provides $60 million in new funds to the 21st Century Cures Act. In closing, I would like to especially thank the staff on the Agriculture Ap-propriations Subcommittee, my per-sonal staff, the minority staff, and Mr. B
ISHOP ’s staff. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.072 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6838 September 6, 2017 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman to thank the staff. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate, again, the bipartisan cooperation that went into crafting this bill. It is very important. Mr. Chair, I would ask my colleagues to support this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), who is the ranking mem-ber of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for yielding me time. Thank you to all members of the committee for the long hours you have dedicated to these bills, certainly our chairman, R
ODNEY  F
RELINGHUYSEN . The artificially low allocations you were given have re-sulted in a package that I cannot sup-port, but I want to note your efforts to find compromise where it was possible. Though the House passed the Energy and Water bill as part of July’s Christ-mas tree minibus, I am back down here today because the Republican majority has harmed the Department of Ener-gy’s funding for the Advanced Tech-nology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, or, as they call it, the ATVM. It has been gutted as a pay-for to cover another shortsighted Republican cut to a Federal Emergency Management pro-gram. Today’s rule allowed this boneheaded Republican action, plotted just weeks ago before Mother Nature’s cata-strophic fury hit Texas with Hurricane Harvey. It doesn’t look good to the American people when the majority cuts programs that are desperately needed. It doesn’t serve America’s fu-ture if money is pulled from developing engine technologies to increase fuel economy of cars, expand domestic manufacturing, and create good-paying American jobs. Unless you live under a rock, you know these initiatives are both popular and effective and necessary: 61 percent of Republicans in Ohio support the re-quirement of getting to an average of 40 miles per gallon in new cars by 2025, with 73 percent of the public, overall, supporting that. The Department of Energy’s Ad-vanced Technology Vehicle program supported Ford’s development of the EcoBoost engine, which is built in Ohio at Brook Park, in my own district. Ad-vanced Vehicle Research supported the development of all-electric vehicles, from Nissan’s Leaf in Tennessee to Tesla’s Model S in California. It sup-ports America’s competitiveness in a fiercely competitive and tough global marketplace that is, many times, not on the level. We should support innovation and collaboration, not eliminate job-cre-ating programs. I will fight to preserve this program in the final spending package. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, thus, I en-courage all my colleagues to oppose this sort of backward maneuver and op-pose the final bill. In closing, I would like to say, and to acknowledge publicly, a very big thank you and congratulations to Taunja Berquam on her upcoming retirement from Congress. I know she will have a bright future ahead. After her distinguished and exem-plary service with the Army Corps of Engineers, including in Iraq, she dedi-cated over a decade of her brilliant life and mind to the important task of managing the Appropriation’s Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee accounts dur-ing my tenure as ranking member, as well as for Representative P
ETER VIS-
CLOSKY before me. Taunja’s high-minded commitment to democratic principles is unyielding. Our committee is losing a trusted and honorable adviser. Her expertise and no-nonsense approach served our mem-bers, the staff, and the American peo-ple extraordinarily well. Taunja, you will be missed, and you can leave knowing that you made a positive difference for America’s future in nuclear readiness, in our energy fu-ture security, and in vital Army Corps development from coast to coast. We thank you. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, let me associate myself with the remarks of Ms. K
APTUR . Taunja, thank you for your service to our Nation, your help to both Repub-licans and Democrats, and to the Na-tion. We are indebted to you. Good luck to you. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ), the chairman of the Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, who spoke so eloquently this morning. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank everyone here in the House for their kind words and their prayers and their support this morning for the Hurricane Harvey relief bill. I want to thank you in par-ticular, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , for your hard work, along with the Speak-er, to get that legislation passed through the House in record time to get relief to the people of Texas and Lousiana, and know that we are pray-ing for the people of Puerto Rico and Florida who are facing this terrible hurricane right now. Today, I am pleased to present the fiscal year 2018 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations bill. I want to particularly thank my ranking member, J
OSE´SERRANO , who has been a good partner to work with and for his support when it comes to science, and NASA has deeply appre-ciated it. His input has improved the bill significantly. I am also very grateful to Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member L
OWEY for their help in writing this bill, and the superb staff work on both sides of the aisle in putting it together. b1700 This Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies bill provides $54 billion in discretionary funding this year, which is $2.6 billion below fiscal year 2017. We have done our best to be good stewards of our constituents’ hard- earned and very precious tax dollars. We fund critical programs in this bill while cutting or freezing lower priority programs. One of the main priorities of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies bill is to fund both Fed-eral and local law enforcement agen-cies. Our bill provides the FBI with $8.8 billion, which is a $92 million increase over the budget request. The FBI has done a superb job in pro-tecting this Nation against espionage, cybercrime, terrorism, and hate crimes. The threats against our secu-rity are real and evolving. We have done our best in this bill to make sure that the FBI has the resources it needs to continue to protect this great Na-tion. The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies bill also provides in-creases across all other Federal law en-forcement agencies, Mr. Chairman, to enhance their capabilities, to combat illegal immigration, violent crime, and go after human and opioid traffickers. Unfortunately, Houston, Texas, is a center of human trafficking. And our legislation makes sure that all Federal agencies have the resources they need to combat these modern human slav-ers. We have provided funding for 65 new immigration judge teams to reduce the 500,000 immigration case backlog; we have got a $22 million increase in here, Mr. Chairman, for U.S. attorneys, an $88 million increase for U.S. marshals, a $98 million increase for the DEA, and a $35 million increase for ATF. We have also provided strong funding for priority State and local law en-forcement programs that protect women and children and help support our local police officers. I am espe-cially grateful, and I want to say a spe-cial thank you, to all of the first re-sponders who saved so many lives in Houston and across southeast Texas and southwest Louisiana. Our first re-sponders have been absolutely magnifi-cent in helping protect the people of Texas, and I know they will be there for the people of Puerto Rico and Flor-ida. Our legislation includes $527 million to fight human trafficking and protect women against violence. We have pro-vided $72.5 million to help protect miss-ing and exploited children. We have provided $500 million for the Byrne JAG program to help local law enforce-ment agencies and $220 million to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.074 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6839 September 6, 2017 
reimburse State and local agencies for housing criminal aliens. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, the bill also provides $19.9 billion for NASA, which is a $218 million increase, and the bill advances space exploration and ensures America will remain the world leader in space exploration and tech-nology. The bill makes sure that the human spaceflight program is fully funded and that we will have Americans launched back into space on American-built rockets as soon as humanly possible. The bill does not adopt the proposed cut to the National Science Founda-tion, and we have continued to fund basic scientific research. We have included numerous oversight provisions, Mr. Chairman, to protect hard-earned taxpayer dollars, and we have also continued provisions in-cluded in previous year bills to protect our Second Amendment rights. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for the time and urge all Members to sup-port the CJS bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the distinguished Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Initially, I want to say that I hope that very soon, in a bipartisan way, we will bring a DACA bill to this floor. Let me quote what President Trump said last night. Trump tweeted that he wanted to ‘‘legalize DACA,’’ another call to action, and further muddled where the administration stood and what it would do. He said: We need to come together and do this, and we really have no choice. Now, I want to speak about this bill. As the chairman knows, and as the ranking member knows, I served on the Appropriations Committee for 23 years, so I have taken leave of absence be-cause I am one of the leaders on our side of the aisle. For most of those years, we worked in a bipartisan fashion. This is a par-tisan bill. It is sad, and it is not reg-ular order at all. Regular order is doing one bill after another until you have passed the 12 bills. In fact, I don’t think I have ever seen this process done in this fashion. When I was the majority leader, the first year we passed all 12 bills individ-ually, discretely, separately, and sent them to the Senate before the August break. H
ALROGERS , the former chairman of this committee, said of the President’s budget: ‘‘While we have a responsi-bility to reduce our Federal deficit, I am disappointed that many of the re-ductions and eliminations proposed in the President’s skinny budget are dra-conian, careless and counter-productive.’’ I think the same could be applied to the budget that is before us. The omnibus appropriations package the House is considering this week is, as all of us here recognize—all of us recognize—the chairman, I have great respect for, and I am not going to ask him publicly whether he thinks the Senate is going to adopt any one of these bills, but I know his answer. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chair, let me say to my colleagues, this is not the way to do it. JOHNMCCAINgave a compelling speech on the floor of the United States Senate as he was challenged with a brain tumor and thinking deep-ly about what we ought to do. And he said: We need to act together. We need to be bipartisan. We need to do the peo-ple’s work in a way they expect us to do it: together. Mr. Chairman, this bill is not going to get a Democratic vote. That is sad. It is sad for the House; it is sad for the country; and it is sad for the people who will be shortchanged by this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I urge the majority party to return to the table, as surely we will, to work in a bipartisan fashion to construct bills that we can all be proud of. There will be compromises. We won’t get all that we want, but they will be bills that the American people can be proud of and that this House can be proud of. Let us return to the bipar-tisan comity and respect for one an-other that so long prevailed in the Ap-propriations Committee. How sad we have fallen to this place. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ), the chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Appropriations. As I learned this morning, he is a true son of Houston, whose eloquence and com-passion we heard this morning. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN and Mrs. L OWEY for all the work that we did together on this bill. The whole bill is a good bill. It deserves this House’s support. But I am here to present the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropria-tions bill for fiscal year 2018, which, in turn, deserves your support. This is a good bill that is essentially for the se-curity of our Nation. It not only funds vital security and law enforcement ca-pabilities, but it also restores funding for critical Federal assistance grant programs and disaster relief. As importantly, it provides the over-sight essential to ensure the Depart-ment’s actions are in accordance with congressional intent. Let’s look at it. For CBP, $1.6 billion for 74 miles of border wall construction that was previously included in the Make America Secure Appropriations Act that was passed in July. In addition to the funding for the wall construction, this bill will fund additional border patrol agents and vir-tually all of the technology, infrastruc-ture, and assets needed for the security of our borders. For ICE, this bill funds 44,000 deten-tion beds; 10,000 more beds than were funded in 2016; almost 4,700 more than the number funded in 2017. This bill will strengthen ICE’s ability to enforce immigration laws and con-duct investigations into human traf-ficking, child exploitation, and transnational crime. For TSA, although the bill does not include the proposed increase in avia-tion security fees, it fully funds re-quired transportation security screen-ers. For the Coast Guard, all major acqui-sition programs are funded at the re-quired level: the polar icebreaker, the offshore patrol cutter, and the fast re-sponse cutter. For FEMA, the bill fully funds the request for disaster assistance. It re-stores nearly $940 million to the Fed-eral assistance for first responder grants and education training exer-cises. Additionally, the bill fully funds all cybersecurity acquisition require-ments at the requested levels, fully funds the Secret Service, and fully funds E-Verify. In conclusion, my colleagues, this bill strengthens the security of our Na-tion. It also sends a powerful message that if you break our Nation’s laws and cross the border illegally, you will suf-fer the consequences: apprehension and a guaranteed stay in detention. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), the ranking member of the Committee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank our ranking mem-ber for yielding, and I thank her and our chairman for their good work. I must still rise, however, in opposi-tion to the fiscal 2018 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies bill, and the Repub-lican Omnibus bill. I want to stress, Mr. Chairman, that I am heartened, as I imagine every Member of this body is heartened, by the bipartisan cooperation we have been able to muster to reach out to our neighbors in Texas and Louisiana who have been so devastated. It is the same kind of solidarity and cooperation that I know we will muster, whatever the need is after Irma reaches our shores. We anticipate that storm with a great deal of concern and apprehension. We have a history in this body of pulling together when it matters for our neighbors whenever disasters strike. That kind of cooperation is ab-solutely essential to who we are as a country and who we are as an institu-tion. Mr. Chair, I want to urge that we bring that same spirit of cooperation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.076 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6840 September 6, 2017 
that same understanding of the his-toric cooperation that has character-ized appropriations, to our larger ap-propriations challenge. After all, this is the power of the purse. This is our main constitutional power, and history shows it works best when it is exer-cised cooperatively, no matter who the President is or what the party division is. We need to work in a cooperative fashion to make sure that this power is just as effectively and responsibly ex-ercised as possible. This eight-bill exer-cise in which we are engaged today is a deeply flawed process. We need to over-come this, and I believe eventually we will, with a bipartisan budget agree-ment such as we have had each of the last 4 years. This will let us coopera-tively write appropriations bills that address our country’s needs. But that is not where we are today, Mr. Chair-man. I do want to give the chairman of our subcommittee, M
ARIO DIAZ-BALART of Florida, credit for an open and collabo-rative process, but he and the sub-committee have been dealt an inad-equate hand. We simply can’t do what needs to be done with this allocation. In the case of the T-HUD bill, we have only appropriated $56.5 billion for vital transportation, housing and com-munity development programs, and that is $1.1 billion less than the en-acted level. We have got to do better than this. We have got to do right by our country’s infrastructure needs. One of the most egregious omissions in this bill is funding for the TIGER program. This is a program that has addressed infrastructure needs across our country. Estimates are that we are addressing only 5 percent of the meri-torious projects put forward under TIGER. I can tell you about one project we are funding. I visited it last week: Union Station in Raleigh, North Caro-lina, a beautiful multimodal facility that is going to facilitate passenger rail, transit, buses, intermodal trans-portation, and it is going to revitalize a landmark downtown district. b1715 That is an ideal use of TIGER funds. Communities all over this country need that sort of investment, yet this bill zeros that program out completely. It also cuts New Starts for transit— Capital Investment Grants—by $659 million. Now, I give the chairman credit for including bill language to ensure that the FTA continues to rate and review projects in the New Starts pipeline, but at this funding level, only a few of those projects can actually be funded. Our cities across this country are eager to institute transit programs. They have gone through all the steps to do this responsibly. We need to keep faith with those communities by improving on this aspect of our bill. Over at HUD, the Choice Neighbor-hoods program—formerly called HOPE VI—that has transformed dozens of public housing developments into thriving, mixed-income communities, receives only $20 million in this bill compared to $137 million in the fiscal ’17 bill. Now, I recognize this is a placeholder amount, and I look forward to working to improve this number moving forward. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Addi-tionally, the Community Development Block Grant and HOME programs are each cut by $100 million in this bill de-spite bipartisan calls from local elected officials across the country to preserve those funding streams. We are in the midst of a housing cri-sis nationally. Only one in four people eligible for Federal rental assistance can receive it. We have a huge public housing capital backlog, and our infra-structure continues to crumble, result-ing in decaying highways and bridges and congested roads. We should be in-creasing our commitment to meet these housing and transportation needs, not shortchanging them. We have done this for far too long already. We have returned again and again to appropriations, especially domestic ap-propriations, to bear the whole brunt of deficit reduction. The results are a disaster for our economy and for the work of our appropriations commit-tees. It is truly the worst of both worlds. We are not really addressing the main drivers of the deficit, yet we are doing untold damage to critical national in-vestments. I strongly object also to several pol-icy riders in this bill. They unneces-sarily attack high-speed rail, they roll back transportation safety, and they harm labor rights. No number of amendments offered today can fix this bill. I remain hopeful that ultimately we can get a serious budget agreement. In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to reject this omni-bus bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), who is the chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee’s Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, it is my distinct honor to bring to the House floor the fiscal year 2018 Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies appropriations bill. Before I go into the details of the bill, I would like to commend Chair-man F
RELINGHUYSEN for his commit-ment to the appropriations process. Under Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN ’s leadership, the committee has moved its bills through the full committee and is now bringing all 12 fiscal year 2018 bills to the House floor. As reported by the Appropriations Committee, the fiscal year 2018 Interior and Environment bill is funded at $31.456 billion, which is $824 million below the fiscal year 2017 enacted level and $4.3 billion above the budget re-quest. This legislation makes a concerted effort to prioritize critical needs with-in our allocation while also addressing specific interests and concerns brought to our attention through more than 5,000 individual Member requests. In the interest of time, I won’t out-line all of the programs and activities funded in this bill, but I would like to point out a few highlights. The com-mittee has provided robust wildland fire funding in this bill. Fire suppres-sion accounts are again fully funded at the 10-year average level, and the bill increases funding for hazardous fuels reduction. The bill funds the Payments in Lieu of Taxes, PILT, program at the fiscal year 2017 enacted level. Rural counties in 49 of the 50 States rely on these funds to make up for lost tax revenue. Overall, funding for the EPA is re-duced by $534 million, or 6.5 percent, from last year. This legislation pro-vides $5 billion worth of investment in water infrastructure through funding in the WIFIA program and the Clean Water and Drinking Water revolving loan funds. This bill also provides in-creases to accelerate the cleanup of contaminated Superfund and Brownfield sites. These programs help create jobs and spur economic develop-ment in communities across the coun-try. The bill provides $2.9 billion for the National Park Service. It increases the construction account by $10 million and maintains increases provided last year to address longstanding park op-erations and deferred maintenance needs. We have also addressed a number of concerns within the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts. The bill restores core programs and popular grant programs to fiscal year 2017 enacted levels. It also restores funds to combat inter-national wildlife trafficking, protects fish hatcheries from cuts and closures, continues funding to fight invasive mussels and Asian carp, and reduces the backlog of species that are recov-ered but not yet delisted. The bill provides $275 million for Land and Water Conservation Fund programs that enjoy bipartisan sup-port. The West Coast, and my home State of California in particular, is counting on the expertise of the USGS to make earthquake early warning systems operational. This bill provides $10.2 million for this public safety program that will protect millions of lives and critical infrastructure. The bill also makes critical invest-ments in Indian Country—a top pri-ority of the committee. It honors our commitment to Native Americans with particular emphasis on Indian health, law enforcement, education, and water settlements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.093 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6841 September 6, 2017 
In closing, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle who have worked long hours on this legisla-tion. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rita Culp, Jocelyn Hunn, and Rebecca Taylor. On the majority side, I would like to thank Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Jackie Kilroy, Kristin Richmond, and Dave LesStrang, our chief clerk from the committee staff; as well as on my per-sonal staff, Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Tricia Evans, and Dave Ken-nett for a job well done. Lastly, I would like to thank my good friend and ranking member, B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , for working with me to address a number of critical needs throughout the bill. While we may dis-agree on some issues, we are never dis-agreeable with each other and we con-tinue to work well together. Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill, and I urge its adoption. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), who is the outstanding ranking member of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill. While I am glad to see the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies bill on the floor, this is the first time it has been considered with amendments since the 2010 appro-priations cycle. But even with that, I cannot support the underlying bill. I will be blunt. This process is a sham. The combined omnibus would violate the Budget Control Act caps. It triggers a sequester of $72 billion from the Department of Defense. I am trou-bled to see the Labor-HHS bill, once again, bearing the brunt of Republican budget cuts. The overall cuts to nondefense dis-cretionary spending is $8 billion, and the Labor-HHS bill is cut by more than $5 billion. This cut, by the way, is com-pletely unnecessary because the alloca-tions that we approved are approxi-mately $5 billion below what they have said we need for nondefense spending, which is allowed under the Budget Con-trol Act. We have the resources avail-able, yet the majority refuses to allo-cate them to the essential programs funded through this bill. I will also note that when adjusting for inflation, the Labor-HHS bill is ap-proximately $30 billion below what it was in 2010. Instead of moving this bill, we ought to be negotiating a bipartisan budget deal to lift the sequestration caps on both defense and nondefense programs, then we could begin working on a bi-partisan basis to draft a reasonable Labor-HHS bill that adequately funds the programs that support the middle class. The biggest economic challenge of our time is that too many people are in jobs that just don’t pay them enough to live on. The programs in this bill provide opportunities for hardworking Americans to improve themselves and for our economy to grow. We need a country that works for the middle class and the vulnerable, not just the wealthy and those with the most lob-byists. Right now, we grow jobs, but not in-comes. The Federal Government has long played a key role in helping Amer-ican workers learn and grow through workforce development and connecting businesses with talent. But the pro-grams that help grow our economy, educate our students, and protect our women and seniors cannot operate if the Labor-HHS bill is starved for fund-ing, which is why I oppose the under-lying bill. I admit that there are a few bright spots. I strongly support the increases for NIH research, emergency prepared-ness, special education, and the TRIO and GEAR UP programs. Unfortu-nately, the modest increases in this bill are far outweighed by decimating cuts to programs that ought to be see-ing increases. This bill fails our students and is fun-damentally anti-teacher. It fails to make new investments in Title I. It eliminates $2 billion for supporting ef-fective instruction grants—what that is is teacher training. This bill’s approach to women’s health pushes a dangerous and harmful ideological agenda and eliminates funding for Title X Family Planning. It also eliminates the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program, and it includes ideological riders that would block funding for Planned Parenthood and ef-fectively block lifesaving research that use stem cells from fetal tissue. The bill cuts access to the Mental Health Block Grant and the Substance Abuse Prevention Program. It cuts nurse training, tobacco prevention, and it completely eliminates the Minority HIV/AIDS Initiative. It hurts workers by eliminating the Employment Service, which helped nearly 6 million unemployed workers, including veterans, find jobs in 2015. It eliminates grants expanding the highly effective Registered Apprenticeship model that connects jobseekers with good-paying jobs that employers are desperate to fill. It also cuts funding for other job training programs like Job Corps and the Dislocated Workers Program. Why would we eliminate programs that for so long have been about eco-nomic opportunity and a ladder to the middle class? There are the riders, which I men-tioned. This bill blocks funding for the Affordable Care Act. It continues to prohibit funding for gun violence pre-vention, which has had a chilling effect on gun violence research. Finally, it prohibits the Department of Labor from ensuring that financial advisers act in the best interests of their clients. This week we expect to see several more harmful riders added to the bill. At full committee markup, we pro-posed more than 40 amendments to strengthen and improve this bill, but the majority rejected all of them. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this minibus because the funding in this bill fails to meet our country’s needs, and it breaks our promises to women, to seniors, to stu-dents, and to our workforce. While I am strongly opposed to this bill, I do want to thank the committee staff—majority and minority—the ranking member; the chair of the com-mittee; and the chair of the sub-committee, Mr. COLE. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ) for the purpose of a col-loquy. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by expressing my appre-ciation to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  and Interior Subcommittee Chairman C
ALVERT for their strong leadership and good work on this legislation and to thank them for this opportunity to speak today. I rise to advocate on behalf of the U.S. national forests and their upkeep, specifically through the capital im-provements and maintenance program. This program provides funding to pave our national forest roads, such as those within the Uwharrie National Forest located in my district. Each year, the U.S. Forest Service is given funding to maintain roadways across our Nation. While they do their best to sustain roadways and trail ac-cess points, they can only do so much with the resources they are given. These roadways are an integral part of ensuring critical public access to our U.S. forestlands. Unfortunately, many of our national forest roadways have become severely eroded from travel, age, and the ele-ments. The erosion has created prob-lems for those who visit the Uwharrie National Forest as well as those who access these roads to travel to and from their homes. First responders have also not been able to reach resi-dents in emergencies due to road condi-tions in recent years, causing major safety risks for people who live along these roads. I emphasize this is more than just a headache for these residents, it is a real safety issue. I have seen roads firsthand after storms, and there is no way fire trucks and ambulances can ac-cess these roads in their current condi-tion, and I believe it is completely un-acceptable. I have been advocating on behalf of the Uwharrie National Forest since my first term in Congress, and I will con-tinue to engage with local, State, and Federal stakeholders on this issue. b1730 I appreciate Chairman C
ALVERT ’s at-tention to this issue and his support for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.078 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6842 September 6, 2017 
the Capital Improvement and Mainte-nance program. I look forward to work-ing together with the chairman to find a long-term solution to this issue. Mr. CALVERT. Reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman for drawing the House’s attention to the road construc-tion and maintenance needs of the For-est Service. I would be pleased to work with him and anyone else interested in our national forests as we move through the FY 2018 spending process. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Defense. (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ex-tend my gratitude to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member L
OWEY , Chairman D IAZ-BALART , Rank-ing Member P
RICE, and all of our staff for their very hard work in crafting the transportation portion of the under-lying bill. I am pleased that, in comparison to the President’s budget, this bill in-cludes a $500 million increase for the Capital Investment Grant program. This program provides critical funding to transit projects throughout our Na-tion. While this funding increase is encour-aging, it is my hope that a higher num-ber can be agreed to in conference. The Senate Appropriations Committee has approved a funding level of $2.1 billion, and I strongly believe that the chairs and ranking members have dem-onstrated a commitment to providing robust funding for transportation in-vestments to grow jobs and our econ-omy. I am particularly grateful for the in-clusion of report language that pro-tects those in the queue for CIG projects and that the Senate Appro-priations Committee has also approved similar language. I was alarmed that the President’s budget sought to eliminate funding for projects that had not yet received full funding grant agreements. I would em-phasize that 23 States currently have CIG projects, and this language would undermine the millions of dollars and years’ worth of human capital these communities have invested. These projects are an investment in our national economy. These projects connect people in our communities to educational and job opportunities and allow businesses to grow and thrive. It is absolutely critical that we prioritize these investments in transportation in-frastructure. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by thanking the chairman of the full committee, the ranking member of the full committee, certainly the rank-ing member of the subcommittee, and the staff for the tremendous assistance they provided in putting together this rather large and complex piece of legis-lation. It is fair to note for the record that the allocation we received of $156 bil-lion is $5 billion less than we had last year. While our lower allocation this year forced us to make some difficult decisions, I want to remind my col-leagues that the cuts we are making today amount to barely 3 percent of what we spent last year and is essen-tially what we spent in fiscal year 2016. The bill before us today focuses on key national priorities: investing in biomedical research to find cures for diseases like Alzheimer’s and cancer; ensuring our country is fully prepared and able to protect our citizens from disease outbreaks or bioterrorism; con-tinuing to support early childhood edu-cation, particularly for those at risk; helping first-generation college stu-dents prepare for, access, and complete a postsecondary education; and con-tinuing to support people living with disabilities. The bill also preserves funds for pop-ular programs like career and tech-nical education, support for Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities, programs to help Native Americans, the AmeriCorps program, LIHEAP, and the Corporation for Public Broad-casting. The National Institutes of Health, our Nation’s premier biomedical re-search agency, is funded at $1.1 billion above last year. NIH is working to find cures for Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, and develop the next generation of medical treatment through the use of precision medicine techniques. We need to continue to build upon the $2 billion increase provided in the omnibus last year. I view this proposal as a floor, not a ceiling, for biomedical research funding. I am hopeful that this number can increase as the process moves forward. Biodefense and preparedness pro-grams, including new funding to pre-vent a pandemic flu from occurring, are increased across the bill. We are all aware of the terrible toll prescription drugs and opioid abuse is taking on our Nation. I am proud to say this bill includes another $500 mil-lion to continue comprehensive grant programs to enable States, localities, and tribes to develop anti-opioid initia-tives focused on prevention, education, and treatment and recovery services. Head Start receives a $22 million in-crease in this bill. Preschool programs are continued at $250 million. Childcare programs receive a $4 million increase. Special education programs for stu-dents with disabilities are increased by $200 million, which will help local school districts ease the financial bur-den of providing specialized edu-cational services. TRIO and GEAR UP, which help disadvantaged students pre-pare for and complete college, receive increases of $60 million and $10 million, respectively, over last year. The bill also includes $500 million for the Student Support and Academic En-richment grant program. These funds can be used flexibly by school districts across the country, whether the need is in the area of counseling, computer science instruction, or teacher training and arts programming. Pell grants are maintained at a max-imum of $5,920. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. COLE. I will also note that this is an initial allocation and the begin-ning of the congressional funding proc-ess. As always, I look forward to work-ing with our counterparts in the Sen-ate and my friends across the aisle to see if there are additional areas where we can cooperate. Finally, I want to note that the bill protects human life by continuing longstanding prohibitions against Fed-eral tax dollars being used to pay for abortions, including new provisions to ensure that no tax dollars are used for research on human fetal tissue ob-tained by an abortion. This bill represents a balanced ap-proach that will benefit every Amer-ican and maintain the appropriate stewardship of taxpayer dollars that we have been entrusted with as Members of Congress. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. ROYBAL -ALLARD ), ranking member of the Homeland Security Sub-committee of the Appropriations Com-mittee. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, the FY 2018 Department of Home-land Security funding bill addresses many bipartisan priorities, including maintaining funding for first responder and antiterrorism grants and the Emergency Food and Shelter Program. It provides increases above the request for the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, Nonprofit Security grants, new Coast Guard assets, and ICE child exploitation investigations. It also re-stores funding for Science and Tech-nology Centers of Excellence. The bill restores funding for flood mapping grants, which the administra-tion proposed to eliminate, and funding for pre-disaster mitigation grants, for which the administration proposed a 60 percent cut. These grants support pre-cisely the kinds of programs that help communities mitigate and prepare for the impacts of natural disasters like Hurricane Harvey, and we should be in-vesting in them even more. The bill also provides the President’s request for the Disaster Relief Fund. We will, however, need to appropriate more money beyond that approved by the House earlier today in order to ad-dress the damage caused by Harvey and, potentially, Irma. While there is much in this bill Democrats can support, unfortunately, for several reasons, we cannot support this bill. For example, we cannot sup-port the bill’s $705 million increase for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.080 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6843 September 6, 2017 
Interior immigration enforcement. This includes an increase of 4,676 deten-tion beds, which is 10,000 above fiscal year 2016, and the hiring of 1,000 addi-tional ICE officers and agents. The administration says its more ag-gressive enforcement approach is crit-ical to national security and public safety. In fact, ICE is now arresting people with no criminal infractions who have lived, worked, and paid taxes in this country for years—and even decades. These arrests are not required for na-tional security or public safety. They have tragic consequences for families and communities all over this country. The trauma being inflicted on them cannot be overstated. Mr. Chairman, we are dealing with a moral question as much as a legal one. ICE has the discretion to enforce our immigration laws fairly and justly, and Congress has the discretion to prioritize how we spend taxpayer dol-lars. Instead of overly aggressive immi-gration enforcement, we should be in-vesting more in real security vulnera-bilities. These include cybersecurity, human trafficking investigations, Coast Guard vessels and aircraft, flood mapping, and pre-disaster mitigation. We should invest in more Customs of-ficers. We should restore funding for re-search and laboratory facilities at the Science and Technology Directorate and for TSA’s Law Enforcement Officer Reimbursement Program. Unfortu-nately, we are not doing any of this. However, before concluding, I want to take a moment to talk about the Trump administration’s announcement yesterday on ending the DACA pro-gram. An amendment I offered in com-mittee to clarify the basic authority of DHS to continue the program failed on a party-line vote. It would have given Congress time to enact a more formal authorization and given DREAMers the peace of mind of knowing they would not have to go back into the shadows. With the administration’s announce-ment yesterday, that peace of mind has been cruelly snatched away. We shouldn’t wait 6 months to fix this problem. The majority should bring my bipartisan, bicameral bill, the DREAM Act, to the floor as soon as possible so that DREAMers can con-tinue to contribute to this country free of the fear of being deported from the only home they know. In closing, Mr. Chairman, I want to extend my appreciation for the efforts of the subcommittee chairman, Chair-man C
ARTER , and his staff, who worked with the minority throughout the de-velopment of this bill. Consistent with prior years, Chairman C
ARTER has car-ried out his responsibilities honorably, fairly, and collaboratively. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- B
ALART ), chairman of the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee on Appropriations. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, before I begin, I want to thank the chairman, our members, colleagues, and the leadership for being so under-standing. Tomorrow, I will be heading back to south Florida to be there in case this horrible storm does head our way. Again, everyone has been incredibly supportive and shown great solidarity. I am exceedingly grateful for that. I rise today to express the strongest possible support for this bill. I applaud the leadership of Chairman FRELING -
HUYSEN for making it possible to con-sider it on the floor today. I would like to highlight some of the vital issues in this bill. The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agen-cies division provides $56.5 billion in discretionary budget authority. That is $1.1 billion below the fiscal year 2017 enacted level, but it is $8.6 billion above the budget request. We have targeted transportation and housing funding to essential invest-ments in safety, infrastructure, and as-sistance for our most vulnerable citi-zens: the elderly; the disabled; and, yes, America’s heroes, our veterans. We also had to prioritize by reducing or eliminating nonessential programs and scaling back administrative ac-counts. For the Department of Transpor-tation, the bill includes $17.8 billion in discretionary appropriations and $76.7 billion in total resources. That in-cludes support for the FAST Act obli-gation limitations. The Federal Aviation Administration is funded at $16.6 billion, Mr. Chair-man. We provide this increase to keep advancing NextGen programs with over $1 billion and to continue to operate the safest, most complex, most ad-vanced air traffic control system in the world. The bill reflects FAST Act priorities for highways, rail, and transit. It in-cludes $45 billion in road and bridge funding from the highway trust fund, which is almost $1 billion above fiscal year 2017 levels. This funding will pro-vide much-needed improvements to America’s highways and bridges. The bill provides $2.2 billion to the Federal Railroad Administration to continue our commitment to rail safe-ty and to make critical infrastructure investments. This includes FAST Act rail infrastructure investments to ad-dress the state of good repair backlog, which we really need to address. As a reflection of tough choices, Mr. Chairman, our funding level for transit Capital Investment Grants is $600 mil-lion below the 2017 level. b1745 But we have, and this is important, included funding and direction to keep upcoming projects in the pipeline. For housing programs, we work to ensure that we continue assistance to our most vulnerable population. The bill includes $38.3 billion for Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. The bill also includes significant increases to keep pace with inflation, almost $1 billion above last year, for direct rental assistance to maintain, again, housing for those who are cur-rently served. Homeless assistance remains a top priority in this bill. We included fund-ing at the enacted level and well above the budget request. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, the bill restores a number of programs that Members, frankly, from both sides of the aisle made sure that we were aware of. The bill restores a number of commu-nity development programs that were proposed for elimination in the budget request, including CDBG and HOME. Again, we listened to Members from both sides of the aisle, and we made sure that that was a priority in this bill. These programs, again, support de-cisionmaking at the local level where it should be. Before I close, I want to thank the hardworking and talented staff who helped put this together, the sub-committee staff. I was going to read their names, and again, I know I am running out of time, but I think this is the best staff anywhere in Congress. I also want to thank my personal staff, my chief of staff, Miguel Mendoza, who is the deputy chief of staff as well, and from the minority staff, Joe Carlile and Angela, and so many others who have worked hand-in-hand with my committee staff. And I would be remiss if I did not, in particular, thank Mr. P
RICE, the ranking member. He has been great to work with, work coopera-tively. I ask for your favorable support of this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, let me just say I believe that we are missing out on the opportunity to effectively do our jobs. As elected Members of Congress, we are here to fight for what is right, what is fair, and what is just. When pre-sented with the administration’s budg-et, it is Congress that is charged to serve as the first line of defense for the needs of the American people. And the agriculture bill before us, as a part of this omnibus, is our attempt at doing just that. However, the progress made in the agriculture bill will end here because we do not have a budget resolution to conference, and it is entangled with other very conten-tious bills, and that is most unfortu-nate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.081 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6844 September 6, 2017 
In light of the draconian budget re-quest presented by the President, Con-gressman A
DERHOLT and I, along with our bipartisan Agriculture Appropria-tions Subcommittee colleagues, worked diligently to protect as much of our country’s agriculture and food and drug safety systems as we could. In order to inflict the least amount of damage, the funding reductions were spread across several programs. But let me be clear, the communities that make up this great Nation need these programs to be robustly funded in order to keep us competitive in the global marketplace. The United States of America will not continue to be the Nation that pro-duces the safest, most abundant, high-est quality, most economical food and fiber anywhere in the industrialized world if sufficient resources are not made available by this Congress. While we were able to maintain McGovern-Dole at the 2017 level, the Food for Peace program was reduced. This bill provides $830.4 million for research and education activities, which includes approximately $161 mil-lion in funding, consistent with fiscal year 2017, for minority serving land- grant institutions. These funds will as-sist in increasing minority representa-tion and participation in the multi-disciplinary agriculture community in fields such as agriculture research, ag-ribusiness, as well as farming and ranching. At the same time, the Commodities Future Trade Commission was deprived of the $2 million of funds that it needs to protect U.S. customers from nefar-ious trade activity. Unprecedented lan-guage was inserted into the bill that allows the CFTC Chairman to reduce the pay and benefits of his employees if he deems it necessary to avoid a RIF or furlough, whether or not it abrogates established collective bargaining agreements. And unfortunately, the amendment I submitted to strike that provision was not made in order by the House Rules Committee. Funding for the Food and Drug Ad-ministration remains flat, which is in stark contrast to the Trump budget that sought to cut it by more than $900 million. And still, funding for this agency that oversees the safety of our food, drugs, and medical devices will not grow, despite our significant de-pendence on their activities and the in-creasing workload each and every year. FDA is being forced to do more with less resources, and that limits its abil-ity to adequately protect the health, safety, and welfare of the American people. Nutrition. Mandatory funding for SNAP and child nutrition were funded consistent with the current estimates. That is good. Additionally, school kitchen grants are funded at $25 mil-lion, which the Trump administration requested be zeroed out. I thank the committee for this. Now, we just voted for a bill to pro-vide aid for the victims of Hurricane Harvey just as the potential impact of Hurricane Irma looks over us. Instead of being proactive to ensure our citi-zens who have been and will be im-pacted by impending natural disasters are protected, we are going to the floor with a package which inadequately funds our Federal agencies and does not completely meet the needs of the citizens of this great Nation. This approach to funding our govern-ment for fiscal year 2018 all but guar-antees our short term, if not a full year, continuing resolution. But just like every year, Democratic votes will be needed to enact an appropriations law. Working together on a bipartisan basis will be absolutely necessary for it to move forward. Mr. Chairman, we still have a lot of work to do to discharge our obligations to the American people. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, regretfully, this bill falls short. I would like to thank Mr. A
DERHOLT  for his work as chairman of the sub-committee, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , and both of them for conducting the Appropriations Committee markups fairly and collegially, and Mrs. L
OWEY , our full committee ranking member, for her very strong and inspiring lead-ership. And with that, let me thank our staffs on the majority and minority sides for all of their cooperation. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. G
RAVES ), the chairman of the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for his support and his team for bringing us to this point today and this week to do what many thought couldn’t be done, and that is, getting all 12 of our appropriation bills done in a timely fashion. But today it is a privilege for me to present the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, and this wouldn’t be possible with-out Ranking Member Q
UIGLEY ’s effort and his team, and I appreciate their work as we have been through many months of effort together. But I believe this is the prosperous part of the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, and I will explain why that is. Because this bill includes many of the reforms that were found in the CHOICE Act, which we passed earlier this spring in the House, which eliminated many of the harmful Dodd-Frank regulations, streamlining outdated agency proc-esses, and reining in those rogue agen-cies that we have heard so much about, while allowing the economy and the markets to begin working for Amer-ican families. And we will also restore the financial freedoms that help Amer-icans earn a living and achieve their American Dream, of which we have all been hearing about over these last weeks in August. But this bill also invests in small businesses. It invests in the small busi-nesses through the SBA by $1 billion, nearly $1 billion of new investment to the Small Business Administration, with significant funding for small busi-ness loans and particularly to those veterans of ours who are out there working hard and starting their own businesses. But this bill also carries the entire Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act, which passed this House earlier this year, as well, on a bipartisan vote. But IRS funding, again, is kept at a 2009 level, actually a little bit below that, but allowing targeted invest-ments in consumer service and cyberse-curity. But this bill maintains our commitment to the IRS oversight that we have been working on so hard over the last couple of years by prohibiting the harmful regulations that we have seen from them that have impacted our 501(c)(4) organizations. It prohibits them targeting these groups based on their political beliefs or their exercising of their First Amendment rights, but it also allows for many of the other protections for taxpayers that we have been longing to do. To combat the opioid crisis, we in-clude more than $360 million to aid Federal drug control programs like drug courts and drug free communities. But it is also important to note that we carry the pro-life provisions that have been a pattern and a custom and a privilege that this House has done for so many years over the past, but we have added to that. We have expanded it by including the Harris amendment that prohibits funding from being pro-vided through multi-State plans that cover abortion, and we also included a provision that repeals the District of Columbia’s assisted suicide measure. Now, this bill comes in at about $20 billion, and that is a big number. But let me point out that is over 6 percent less. That is a 6 percent cut just from last year, so we are making a dif-ference. Now, when crafting this bill, I took my direction straight from the Mem-bers of this House, Republican and Democrat. This is a result of your in-terests, interests of your constituents included in this in a bipartisan fashion with a bipartisan vote out of com-mittee. Now, many tough decisions were made. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, now, many tough decisions have been made across all these bills, but this one as well, with a strong focus on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.083 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6845 September 6, 2017 
financial freedom for all Americans. Now, I believe this bill will make America prosperous again. So I want to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , all the subcommittee chairs, the full committee staff, the minority staff, and ranking members. This whole team has been great to work with, but it is important to thank my subcommittee. They have been through a lot of hard work with me, Mr. Chairman, and they have done a great job working with me and the many hours of hard work and weekends that they put in. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge every Member to support this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), ranking mem-ber of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I would like to just take a brief second and thank the full committee chair and the full committee ranking member for their support as we move forward in this progress, and a special thank you to all the great staff on both sides of the aisle, the Democratic and Repub-lican staff. But my very special thanks to Chair-man C
ALVERT , and once again, for his staff and our staff, for their work in an open and collaborative approach. This committee has a challenging portfolio of issues, and I commend the chair-man’s efforts to find solutions in yet another difficult budget year. Unfortunately, the fiscal year 2018 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee allocation is $824 million less than last year’s en-acted level. b1800 This devastating cut to the alloca-tion shortchanges the protection of our Nation’s natural and cultural resources and has real consequences for Amer-ican families and communities. Adequate funding for the Interior, Environment division is critical at a time when the Trump administration is attacking the science behind climate change and rolling back regulations that protect the water we drink and the air we breathe. We are at a defining moment in his-tory. Our lack of action to combat cli-mate change now will impact the world we pass on to our children and grand-children. We can no longer afford to disregard the overwhelming scientific evidence that the planet is warming, sea levels are rising, and glaciers are melting. We have all seen the destruction in-flicted by Hurricane Harvey. As the waters recede, the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is playing a key role in keeping Americans safe. Once again, we are reminded of the importance of agencies like the EPA both during times of crisis and on a daily basis. Unfortunately, EPA receives the most significant programmatic cuts to this division. Slashing the Environ-mental Protection Agency by $534 mil-lion will severely impact the Agency’s ability to protect human health and safety and ensure clean air and clean water for all Americans. The Agency’s budget is already $2.2 billion below FY10 levels. It is irre-sponsible to cut the EPA even further. The bill also cuts programs critical to managing public lands and reduces funding necessary for endangered spe-cies listing protection. The American people expect us to be good stewards of our public lands and wildlife, but this bill falls short on that commitment. Despite the bill’s shortcomings in en-vironmental protection and resource conservation, I want to express how proud I am of this subcommittee’s non-partisan approach to addressing issues facing our Native American brothers and sisters. I am pleased that the bill rec-ommends an increase of $108 million over the fiscal year 2017 enacted level for programs critical to Indian Coun-try. The health, education, and safety of tribal communities is a Federal re-sponsibility that our subcommittee takes very seriously. That is one bright spot in this bill. Unfortunately, this bill falls far short in too many other areas, both as a result of our low allocation and as a result of wildfire suppression costs that are burning a hole in this bill. Since the start of this year, more than 1.1 million acres have burned. As a result, the U.S. Forest Service does not have adequate funding in the current fiscal year to combat these disasters. They will need to borrow funds from nonfire accounts, making it harder for the Service to conduct preparedness activi-ties to reduce the severity of wildfires. That is why every member of the Inte-rior Subcommittee is a cosponsor of Chairman S
IMPSON ’s Wildfire Disaster Funding Act. I am very disappointed that the ma-jority’s leadership missed an oppor-tunity to include those commonsense reforms in this legislation. That is why I have called for emergency funding for wildfire suppression activities in the next disaster supplemental. Finally, in addition to the irrespon-sible cuts to the EPA and natural re-source programs, I must express my concern and disappointment with the partisan riders in this bill that pander to special interests at the expense of the public good. These riders jeopardize protection and recovery for vulnerable species, restrict protection of our oceans, undermine clean water and clean air safeguards, and even prevent the development of renewable energy. Mr. Chairman, this bill is not suffi-cient to meet the needs of the Amer-ican people. I know that we can do bet-ter than this. Congress needs a bipar-tisan budget agreement that increases nondefense discretionary spending lev-els. Despite my current opposition, I want to be clear that I will continue to work with Chairman CALVERT through this year’s appropriations process to produce a responsible bill that both parties can support. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee, the gentleman from New Jersey, for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to sup-port H.R. 3354, the Make America Se-cure and Prosperous Appropriations Act of 2018, which includes the Com-merce-Justice-Science funding bill that provides appropriations for many of the programs within the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s ju-risdiction. Chairman C
ULBERSON has worked closely with us on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to include responsible, pro-science funding levels for NASA, the National Science Foun-dation, NOAA, and the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology. His consultation and cooperation are much appreciated. I thank Chairman C
ULBER -
SON and his clerk, John Martens, for their leadership in passing this legisla-tion that sets America on a path to re-main the world’s leader in innovation. The appropriations included in this legislation are consistent with the NASA Transition Authorization Act, the American Innovation and Competi-tiveness Act, and the Weather Re-search and Forecasting Innovation Act, all three of which were enacted into law earlier this year. The CJS bill fully funds the plan-etary science and exploration programs at NASA, implements a national inter-est standard for every NSF grant, and increases weather research and com-mercial data use to improve fore-casting to save lives and property, which is especially timely today. Later, I will offer an amendment, with Chairman C
ULBERSON ’s support, to increase basic research in the phys-ical and biological sciences at the Na-tional Science Foundation. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this pro-science, fiscally re-sponsible appropriations bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ), ranking member of the Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yield-ing. I want to thank Mrs. L
OWEY and the chairman for their leadership throughout the appropriations process. Mr. Chairman, as ranking member of the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee, I also thank Chairman G
RAVES , whom I have gotten to know and work more closely with over the last few months. Our dis-cussions have been both passionate and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.085 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6846 September 6, 2017 
productive, and I thank Chairman G
RAVES for his willingness to com-promise on shared priorities. Of course, I would like to thank Dena, Kelly, Ariana, Marybeth, and Brad on the majority staff and our tal-ented staff director, Lisa, on the mi-nority staff for all of the time and ef-fort they spent working together to putting the FSGG portion of the bill together. And to my own staff, Doug, who writes these things and doesn’t put his own name on there, I want to thank him anyway. Unfortunately, the FSGG portion of the bill before us will make it more dif-ficult for us to grow small businesses, enforce consumer protections, and pro-mote good governance. With $1.6 billion in cuts from fiscal year 2017, many suc-cessful and established programs will suffer. The Small Business Administration is cut by $39 million, with most coming from reductions to entrepreneurial pro-grams that assist millions of small- business owners. The Community Development Finan-cial Institutions Fund is cut by $58 mil-lion, or 28 percent, which means fewer resources to spur economic growth and revitalize our most underserved and ne-glected communities. GSA has zero funds to start new con-struction and completely rescinds the money provided in the FY17 omnibus for the new FBI headquarters, compro-mising our national security. And the IRS, which has already lost over a billion dollars in funding and 18,000 staff over the past 7 years, is fur-ther weakened by additional cuts that weaken the agency’s ability to close the tax gap, catch tax cheats, and pro-vide sufficient services for honest tax-payers. In addition, the FSGG bill contains a long list of policy riders that will un-dermine enforcement of the Affordable Care Act, restrict the ability for a woman to make personal healthcare decisions, and block the District of Co-lumbia from using local funds to make local decisions. Furthermore, this bill contains 88 pages of authorizing text to repeal key provisions of Dodd-Frank and weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. Less than a decade ago, a financial crisis sparked the biggest global reces-sion since the Great Depression and pushed our economy to the brink of collapse. No serious person would argue that the status quo, which almost crip-pled our economy, was working before the crisis. We need to make our finan-cial markets safer, more transparent, and more accountable, and that is ex-actly what Dodd-Frank did. Lastly, as I mentioned in my testi-mony before the Rules Committee, it is worth mentioning again how dis-appointed I am that the Rules Com-mittee decided to unilaterally strip a provision agreed to by the committee. Congressman A
GUILAR ’s language, which passed by voice vote in the course of committee markup, was adopted according to regular order. The provision is straightforward. It simply clarifies that DACA recipients be eligible for Federal employment. Yet, without any explanation, this sec-tion has disappeared as if it never ex-isted. Given the administration’s shameful decision to rescind the DACA program, I anticipate that we will rig-orously debate this issue over the next couple days. Again, while I cannot support this bill, I remain committed to working with my colleagues on the majority side to strengthen funding and remove harmful and unnecessary riders. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 6 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) for the purpose of three colloquies. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OL-
LINS), my colleague, for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I have become increasingly aware of the problem with hospital-acquired pressure ulcers. Research shows millions of people suffer from this condition and that 60,000 hospital patients a year die be-cause of this painful ailment. Eleven percent of those affected are our vet-erans. Their suffering is tremendous, and the cost of this condition to our health system could be as high as $25 billion. However, with proper commonsense prevention and better management of these infections, the number of those suffering and the cost of treatment can be greatly reduced. I have reached out to CMS about doing a pilot program that promotes better prevention and management methods, and I have discussed the prob-lem with innovative Georgia compa-nies. I rise today to make other Mem-bers aware of this issue and ask for your continued support in this process. Mr. COLE. I thank the gentleman for raising this issue. Along with Congress-man W
OODALL and Congresswoman H
ANDEL , you have been leaders in this effort. I appreciate what you are doing and will stay in touch as progress is made. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. As always, the gentleman is gracious, and I do ap-preciate it. Mr. Chairman, I will work with the administration. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) for the purpose of a col-loquy. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your work on this bill providing funding to critical programs. I appreciate the opportunity to speak about the importance of the Commu-nity Services Block Grant. This pro-gram funds community action agencies that address poverty and assist seniors and other vulnerable populations in be-coming self-sufficient. I have seen, in my district, the valuable services these groups provide helping people find jobs. Mr. COLE. I thank my colleague from Minnesota for speaking about the importance of this program in her dis-trict. I agree that Community Services Block Grant provides important serv-ices to help people escape poverty. The program has broad bipartisan support. As the gentlewoman knows, several challenging decisions have to be made to meet overall spending priorities and allocation. I take to heart the concern expressed by the gentlewoman and, as we move forward, I will work to ensure funding for the Community Services Block Grant reflects the priority of our Members. Ms. MCCOLLUM. I thank the chair-man, my friend, for his response and commitment to robustly funding the Community Services Block Grant. I know this program, as I said, helps peo-ple across the Nation and brings great value to the communities it serves. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ), my colleague, for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your work on this bill which provides funding to critical programs within a difficult but fiscally respon-sible allocation. I appreciate the oppor-tunity to clarify on the R
ECORD a ques-tion I have on funding for the National Emergency Grant program. The National Emergency Grant pro-gram provides critical job training and reemployment funding for workers who have lost their jobs as a result of plant closures or mass layoffs. Does this bill fully fund the National Emergency Grant program? Mr. COLE. I thank my colleague from South Carolina for raising this important question. I agree that the National Emergency Grant program is an important bipartisan program to train workers and help them find new careers. Current year funds for the Dislocated Workers National Reserve are in-creased by $109 million and advance ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 are eliminated, for a total of $130 million. Within that total, the National Emer-gency Grant program is approximately $70 million each year. It is expected that, after fully fund-ing the National Emergency Grants, the Department of Labor will use addi-tional funds from the Dislocated Work-ers National Reserve for other author-ized purposes, such as technical assist-ance and grants to help workers dis-located from the coal industry find new employment. So the short answer to the question is, yes, the National Emergency Grant program is fully funded in this bill. Mr. NORMAN. I thank the chairman for his response and commitment to the National Emergency Grant pro-gram. I have seen firsthand the impor-tance of this program in my district, including the recent layoffs at the VC Summer power plant and throughout the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.087 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6847 September 6, 2017 
b1815 Getting people who are laid off from their jobs back to work as quickly as possible is critically important for af-fected communities and for the econ-omy. I fully support this program and this bill. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for sup-porting important policies and pro-grams protecting the unique land-scapes you find in the Pacific North-west. Our region values Federal lands, and, likewise, we are proud to host all branches of the United States military. People come from all over to hike and travel through our forests and wa-terways, and we want to make sure sensitive areas are protected. The goals of protecting our environ-ment, the economy that relies upon it, and ensuring the readiness of those serving in uniform are not mutually exclusive. For the past several years, I have been working with the Park Serv-ice, the Navy, and many other agencies to understand their missions, concerns, and interests with regard to the impact of local military jet noise. At the same time, I have worked to ensure that they can go the extra mile when it comes to public outreach on their plans. Through this effort, I have learned that the Park Service and the Navy measure noise differently. This has led to difficulty in understanding the impact of the noise on the missions of other agencies, local communities, and protected lands, such as Olympic National Park. Moreover, it com-plicates any basis to examine possible solutions. In order to support a fact-based con-versation regarding the impact of this noise, I wrote to the Council on Envi-ronmental Quality in March asking that they work with both agencies to find an agreeable method of measuring and reporting the sound of military aviation. While I have recently been notified that the CEQ is looking into the mat-ter, I look to Chairman C
ALVERT for his support to ensure that the relevant parties cooperate and resolve this issue. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for drawing attention to the issue. It is my hope that we can move forward with the fiscal year 2018 process, and my colleague and I can continue to work together with the rel-evant agencies to address this issue so that his constituents and others around the Nation can continue to enjoy all that the Park Service and other Interior lands have to offer with-out compromising military readiness. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I appreciate Chairman CALVERT ’s willingness to work with me on this effort. Having grown up on the Olympic Peninsula, I understand our responsibility to be stewards of the environment and to make sure that the Navy is a good neighbor. I look forward to working with the chairman, CEQ, the Park Service, and the Navy to address this issue. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the rank-ing member on the Financial Services Committee. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose H.R. 3354, a bill that not only fails to make crit-ical investments in our Nation’s fu-ture, but also eliminates important protections for everyday Americans. As ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, I am particularly concerned that H.R. 3354 imposes such severe cuts on the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development that it will result in families losing their housing assistance and putting them at risk for homelessness. The bill also takes some of the worst provisions from the Republican’s ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act that would re-turn our economy to the reckless prac-tices that caused the financial crisis. One provision takes away the author-ity of the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau to stop abusive practices by banks like Wells Fargo, which ripped off more than 3.5 million of its customers. Another provision repeals the Labor Department’s commonsense rule that protects seniors from con-flicted retirement advice from unscru-pulous financial advisers. There are so many gifts to Wall Street, one would think Christmas came early. But it isn’t Christmas, Mr. Chair. It is September, and we are in the middle of hurricane season. Our cities are literally under water, yet the Republican leadership has done noth-ing to prevent the National Flood In-surance Program from expiring at the end of the month. Republicans have also let us come dangerously close to defaulting on our debt and the obligations owed to serv-icemembers, veterans, seniors, and the most vulnerable among us. Just yester-day, 800,000 young Democrats were told by our President that their future is in the hands of a hostile Congress. We must oppose this bill so we can get to work on what Congress should really be doing. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), my colleague, for the purpose of a col-loquy. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, ear-lier today the House passed a critical $8 billion disaster relief package that is intended to fund the immediate needs for Federal disaster relief. Similar to Hurricane Harvey, a year ago, eastern North Carolina was dev-astated by Hurricane Matthew. Our State suffered $4.8 billion in damage, including 98,000 homes and 19,000 busi-nesses. 82,000 people have made applica-tions to FEMA. Mr. Chairman, although the package passed by the House this morning was for Hurricane Harvey relief, can you please explain how it will be also help-ful for Hurricane Matthew victims? I would like to be able to assure my constituents that Congress will con-tinue to support their long-term dis-aster relief needs. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for bringing up this issue. Last week, FEMA was forced to re-strict obligations for past disasters to prioritize funding for immediate life-saving efforts in response to Hurricane Harvey. The supplemental funding bill that passed the House this morning will en-able FEMA to lift these restrictions and resume funding for long-term re-covery efforts, such as those in North Carolina and other parts of our Nation. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chair, if the gentleman will continue to yield, as we consider the great plight in Texas of Hurricane Harvey, I also want to offer my sincere thanks for the outpouring of support that my State continues to receive, that they need after the devas-tation of Hurricane Matthew. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , who has offered my State great support, and Chairman C
ARTER . Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to express my support for REAP, the Rural Energy for America Program; the Biomass Crop Assistance Program; the Biorefinery Assistance Program as well; and for improving the changes in mandatory spending for these energy programs when this bill is conferenced with the Senate. These programs are very important to my State, other States as well. They have been used to help farmers reduce their overall operating costs and make their farming businesses more competi-tive. These programs have also enabled rural businesses to obtain financing as-sistance, ensuring rural Iowa has simi-lar opportunities to thrive and develop. Now, I know that we have budget constraints, we are facing them, and I know the chairman had to make some tough decisions. I believe he took a very thoughtful approach to the over-all agriculture appropriations bill, and I am very thankful to be on that sub-committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.089 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6848 September 6, 2017 
During the full committee markup, I was pleased that the subcommittee chairman committed to working with me to find alternative offsets to reduce these spending changes. Mr. Chair, I appreciate Chairman A
DERHOLT ’s attention, and I appreciate Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN ’s attention to this matter, too. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I am very sympathetic to the gentleman from Iowa’s concerns regarding the re-duction in the bill’s mandatory energy programs in the farm bill, in par-ticular, the Rural Energy for America Program. The gentleman from Iowa is indeed a valued member of our subcommittee, and he was very instrumental in devel-oping many parts of the overall bill, and I appreciate his input greatly. A number of factors went into our de-cision for which programs to reduce in order to achieve the $1.1 billion reduc-tion in the bill’s funding level over this last year. As I did mention, as he noted, in our full committee markup, I committed to working with the gentleman from Iowa to see where we could find alter-native offsets, and we will continue to do that as we move forward. So I thank the gentleman for bringing this to our attention again here on the floor of the House. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for the work he has done with the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak about two important sections of the funding bill: the Agriculture and the State, Foreign Operations Appropriations bill. I am pleased to support the commit-tee’s work in addressing several crucial issues facing America’s agricultural community. I commend the committee for en-couraging expansion of the foot and mouth disease vaccine supply through the Animal and Plant Health Inspec-tion Service at the USDA. I am also pleased to support the com-mittee’s recognition for the critical contributions the National Animal Health Laboratory Network makes in responding to emergency threats to American Agriculture, funding the Na-tional Veterinary Stockpile, and for supporting pest management and dis-ease research. I also want to recognize the commit-tee’s support for citrus greening re-search and response, which is vital to the State of Florida’s economy. This vital program we are supporting today will provide valuable protection for our agricultural system from pests and dis-ease, and will encourage innovative so-lutions to agricultural issues to the fu-ture. In regards to the State and Foreign Operations Appropriations budget, I want to first thank the committee for including language that will make the international broadcasting funds avail-able at levels no lower than the pre-vious year. This will ensure the admin-istration has the ability to increase the transmissions of information into North Korea, which is critical for erod-ing support for Kim Jong-un’s brutal regime, breaking the dictator’s strong-hold on information. Finally, I want to mention foreign assistance and development. Today, America is confronting unprecedented instability and growing humanitarian crises around the world, all of which have a direct impact on our national security and economic interests at home. The U.S. Government must use each and every dollar more efficiently and effectively. This appropriations bill takes important steps in making it more effective. This investment in for-eign aid can yield great returns and can help increase trade, trade that is vital not only to my State of Florida, where it supports over 2.5 million jobs, but to the entire United States. Eleven of the 15 largest importers of U.S. goods and services are countries that graduated from U.S. foreign as-sistance, and 12 of the 15 fastest grow-ing markets for U.S. exports are former recipients of our aid. The State Department and U.S. de-velopment agencies work to advance America’s economic interests by pro-moting exports that today make up al-most 13 percent of America’s $18 tril-lion economy and supports about one in five American jobs. We must look to cut the duplicative and ineffective programs while empow-ering the parts of our foreign assist-ance that work to become even more effective. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, how much time is remaining on each side? I am prepared to yield back, if the gentlewoman is prepared. The ACTING CHAIR (Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah). The gentleman from New Jersey has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentle-woman from New York has 8 minutes remaining. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the op-portunity to engage in a colloquy with you on an important issue related to the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau. This Congress should act swiftly and estab-lish a five-member, bipartisan commission at the CFPB. A commission structure will bring much needed certainty and stability to con-sumers and small businesses who are the most deeply impacted by regulation that re-duces access to banking products and drives up costs. According to FDIC data, financial institutions of all sizes provide more than $4 trillion in consumer loans to help America’s consumers achieve their dreams of purchasing a car, buy-ing their first home, or even providing an edu-cation for their children. Financial institutions also provide more than $600 billion in small business loans to help entrepreneurs start or grow their businesses and create jobs. The ability of banks and credit unions to continue to serve their communities by providing ac-cess to credit is critical to making these dreams a reality. Therefore, it is important that the agencies that regulate our nation’s deposi-tory institutions are stable, transparent, and provide long term certainty. A five-member, bipartisan commission at the CFPB will help achieve just that. Right now, a sole director at the CFPB over politicizes what should be an impartial regulatory body. With every new Director there could be a dramatic regulatory whipsaw effect. This volatility will leave financial institutions limited in their ability to properly serve customers because of an in-ability to plan for the long-term. Protecting consumers and increasing ac-cess to well-regulated financial products should be a top priority of the CFPB. A bipar-tisan board will ensure consumers best inter-ests are always first by increasing trans-parency and stability in the rulemaking proc-ess and allowing for more robust debate with many different viewpoints considered. On multiple occasions, the House of Rep-resentatives has passed legislation to create a bipartisan commission, and most importantly, the American people have made clear that they believe a bipartisan commission is a bet-ter form of leadership at the CFPB. In fact, a recent Morning Consult poll showed that reg-istered voters support a bipartisan commission at the CFPB by a 3 to 1 margin, and that just 14 percent of voters believe the CFPB struc-ture should be left the way it is now. Congress must implement structural changes at the CFPB. The future of consumer and small business lending is too vital to have uncertainty at the Bureau. Mr. Chairman, do you agree that the regu-latory agencies that oversee banks and credit unions should take into account the impact to all stakeholders and bring certainty to the reg-ulatory framework? Will you commit to working with me to depoliticize the CFPB once and for all, and bring a stable form of leadership to the Bureau that is in keeping with most other financial service regulators? Mr. GRAVES. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments and all the ideas of others with regard to this out of control agency and I share his passion for bringing the CFPB under Appropriations oversight as soon as possible. This is one idea of many, and I look forward to working with the gentleman from Nevada and others in the near future as we work to protect consumers from this rogue agency in some form or fashion. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I would like to extend my gratitude to Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN , Ranking Member L OWEY , Chairman D
IAZ-BALART , Ranking Member P RICE, and all of the staff for their hard work in crafting the transportation portion of this bill. It is an ex-tremely difficult year to be tasked with funding the federal government, and I understand that tough decisions had to be made. I am pleased that in comparison to the President’s budget, this bill includes a $500 million increase for the Capital Investment Grant (CIG) program. This program provides critical funding to transit projects throughout the nation. While this funding increase is en-couraging, it is my hope that a higher number 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.090 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6849 September 6, 2017 
can be agreed upon in conference. The Sen-ate Appropriations Committee has approved a funding level of $2.1 billion, and I strongly be-lieve that the Chairs and Ranking Members have demonstrated a commitment to providing robust funding for transportation investments to grow jobs and our economy. I also am particularly grateful for the inclu-sion of report language that protects the pipe-line for CIG projects, and that the Senate Ap-propriations Committee has also approved similar language. I was alarmed that the Presi-dent’s budget sought to eliminate funding for projects that had not yet received Full Funding Grant Agreements. 23 states currently have CIG projects and this language would under-mine the millions of dollars and years’ worth of human capital they have invested. This lan-guage is a responsible step that provides much needed certainty to communities and shows the President that Congress is com-mitted to keeping its word to localities that were promised matching federal funds. Funding CIG projects is an investment in national economic development. These projects connect people in our communities to educational and job opportunities and allow businesses to grow and thrive. It is absolutely critical that we prioritize these investments in transportation infrastructure. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3354—‘‘Make Amer-ica Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018’’. I am particularly concerned with Section 134 of Division H which prohibits states from setting meal break, rest break, and wage standards to protect truck drivers. On July 9, 2014, the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that trucking operators in California must abide by California labor law and allow for a 30-minute meal break after 5 hours of work and a 10-minute rest break after 4 hours of work. This meal and rest break standard is very reasonable when you con-sider that truck drivers can be subject to 14 hours of on-duty time. Section 134 overturns the Circuit Court’s decision and prohibits Cali-fornia from addressing truck driving safety with these regulations. Section 134 goes further than just over-turning California’s laws, it also preempts laws in 21 states and territories that guarantee meal and rest breaks. These states include Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Ken-tucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Ne-braska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, Ten-nessee, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, Guam, and Puerto Rico States should be al-lowed to set meal and rest break standards as they see fit for the health and safety of their workers. Section 134 is additionally harmful because it attacks the wages of truck drivers. Section 134 allows trucking companies to pay truck drivers on a per load basis even if their routes are delayed for no fault of their own. This is a major problem is Southern California where truck drivers are delayed by overcrowding at the ports, by traffic on our freeways, and by delays at warehouses. A truck driver in South-ern California can set out to haul 5 loads per day but only end up hauling 2 loads. California sets standards to make sure that truck drivers make at least the minimum wage and are paid for sick time. Section 134 would overturn state based wage laws and allow trucking compa-nies to pay drivers less than the minimum wage. Section 134 should have no place in this appropriations bill because this is a legislative rider in the jurisdiction of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. The Transpor-tation Committee debated this provision during consideration of the Fast Act and it was wisely rejected by the FAST Act Conference Com-mittee. Mr. Chair, Section 134 is opposed by the State of California, the Teamsters, truck safety groups, and the Owner-Operated Independent Truck Drivers which represent over 90 percent of the companies in the trucking industry. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose section 134 and urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. The ACTING CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–31, modified by Rules Committee Print 115–32 and the amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–295, shall be consid-ered as adopted, and the bill, as amend-ed, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amend-ment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3354 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Interior and Environment, Agriculture and Rural Develop-ment, Commerce, Justice, Science, Financial Services and General Government, Homeland Security, Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, State and Foreign Operations, Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, Defense, Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL REFERENCE. 
This Act may also be referred to as the ‘‘Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR B
UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  For necessary expenses for protection, use, im-provement, development, disposal, cadastral sur-veying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of fa-cilities, as authorized by law, in the manage-ment of lands and their resources under the ju-risdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bu-reau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Pub-lic Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,074,503,000, to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from permit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), ex-cept that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureau-related expenses as-sociated with the processing of oil and gas ap-plications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations. In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law Ad-ministration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining claim fee pro-gram, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,074,503,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from commu-nication site rental fees established by the Bu-reau for the cost of administering communica-tion site activities. LAND ACQUISITION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to carry out sections 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, in-cluding administrative expenses and acquisition of lands or waters, or interests therein, $12,800,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain avail-able until expended. Of the unobligated balances available for this account from prior appropriations, $1,769,000 are permanently rescinded. 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  For expenses necessary for management, pro-tection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of ac-cess roads, reforestation, and other improve-ments on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, includ-ing existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $104,256,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the cur-rent fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and California land-grant fund and shall be transferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 2605). 
RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all mon-eys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative expenses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of pro-viding copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and ter-mination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of dam-aged property, such amounts as may be col-lected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:38 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.035 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6850 September 6, 2017 
until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursu-ant to that section, whether as a result of for-feiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appro-priate for refund pursuant to section 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Secretary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a re-source developer, purchaser, permittee, or any unauthorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other dam-aged public lands. 
MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  In addition to amounts authorized to be ex-pended under existing laws, there is hereby ap-propriated such amounts as may be contributed under section 307 of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be ad-vanced for administrative costs, surveys, ap-praisals, and costs of making conveyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to remain available until ex-pended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by di-rect expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantle-ment of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and ap-purtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary, for information or evi-dence concerning violations of laws adminis-tered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emer-gency expenses of enforcement activities author-ized or approved by the Secretary and to be ac-counted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwith-standing Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publica-tions for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in sup-port of the project may be carried out by the Bu-reau on a reimbursable basis. Appropriations herein made shall not be available for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their destruction for processing into commercial prod-ucts, including for human consumption. U
NITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such re-sources, $1,247,109,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $17,122,000 shall be used for implementing sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and tak-ing any other steps to implement actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)); of which not to exceed $3,270,000 shall be used for any activity regarding the des-ignation of critical habitat, pursuant to sub-section (a)(3), excluding litigation support, for species listed pursuant to subsection (a)(1) prior to October 1, 2015; of which not to exceed $1,498,000 shall be used for any activity regard-ing petitions to list species that are indigenous to the United States pursuant to subsections (b)(3)(A) and (b)(3)(B); and, of which not to ex-ceed $501,000 shall be used for implementing sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) for species that are not indigenous to the United States. CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities re-quired in the conservation, management, inves-tigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $16,540,000, to remain available until expended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accord-ance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $40,641,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain avail-able until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conserva-tion partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to ex-ceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Pro-vided, That none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. Of the unobligated balances available for this account from prior appropriations, $4,572,000 are permanently rescinded. 
COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $53,495,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $22,695,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Con-servation Fund; and of which $30,800,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Of the unobligated balances available for this account from appropriations made for fiscal years prior to fiscal year 2013, $3,000,000 are per-manently rescinded. 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND  For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provi-sions of the North American Wetlands Conserva-tion Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $38,145,000, to remain available until expended. 
NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,900,000, to remain available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the Afri-can Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Con-servation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and im-plementation of programs for the benefit of wild-life and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $62,571,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided herein, $4,209,000 is for a com-petitive grant program for Indian tribes not sub-ject to the remaining provisions of this appro-priation: Provided further, That $6,362,000 is for a competitive grant program to implement ap-proved plans for States, territories, and other ju-risdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $10,571,000 and administrative expenses, appor-tion the amount provided herein in the fol-lowing manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 per-cent thereof; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one-fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary shall apportion the remaining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Provided further, That the amounts ap-portioned under this paragraph shall be ad-justed equitably so that no State shall be appor-tioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementa-tion grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the non-Federal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant pro-grams: Provided further, That any amount ap-portioned in 2018 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2019, shall be reapportioned, to-gether with funds appropriated in 2020, in the manner provided herein. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service pro-grams by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agree-ments with public and private entities. Appro-priations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be avail-able for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by op-erations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; fa-cilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connec-tion with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwith-standing 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership ar-rangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the co-operators share at least one-half the cost of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6851 September 6, 2017 
printing either in cash or services and the Serv-ice determines the cooperator is capable of meet-ing accepted quality standards: Provided fur-ther, That the Service may accept donated air-craft as replacements for existing aircraft: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the head-ing ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service— Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall re-main available until expended. N
ATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facili-ties administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the Na-tional Park Service, $2,410,031,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordi-nation in support of Everglades restoration and $124,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabili-tation projects for constructed assets shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro-vided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the pur-poses of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. 
NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, international park af-fairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $59,629,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $75,410,000, to be derived from the Historic Pres-ervation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $5,000,000 shall be for Save America’s Treasures grants for preser-vation of national significant sites, structures, and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (54 U.S.C. 3089): Provided, That an indi-vidual Save America’s Treasures grant shall be matched by non-Federal funds: Provided fur-ther, That individual projects shall only be eli-gible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National His-toric Landmarks associated with communities currently underrepresented, as determined by the Secretary, $10,500,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement, and $3,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities: Provided further, That such competi-tive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in section 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code to States and Indian tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local govern-ments, including Certified Local Governments, and nonprofit organizations. 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or re-placement of physical facilities, and compliance and planning for programs and areas adminis-tered by the National Park Service, $219,844,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2018 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5-Year Line Item Con-struction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause avail-ability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Pro-vided further, That National Park Service Do-nations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appro-priation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this section. LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
(RESCISSION)  The contract authority provided for fiscal year 2018 by section 200308 of title 54, United States Code, is rescinded. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accord-ance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $120,575,000, to be de-rived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $79,006,000 is for the State assistance pro-gram and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. Of the unobligated balances available for this account from prior appropriations, $4,500,000 are permanently rescinded. 
CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provi-sions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agree-ments, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 per-cent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of do-nation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to other uses set forth in section 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, fran-chise fees credited to a sub-account shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, with-out further appropriation, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liability for Possessory Interest or leasehold surrender interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the benefitting unit anticipated franchise fee re-ceipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extinguish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefit-ting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single contract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to ex-tinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants author-ized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such re-tained amounts to remain available until ex-pended. National Park Service funds may be trans-ferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under section 204 of title 23, United States Code. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform surveys, investiga-tions, and research covering topography, geol-ogy, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its terri-tories and possessions, and other areas as au-thorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engineering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission li-censees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting mining and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and dis-seminate data relative to the foregoing activi-ties; $1,038,922,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which $70,933,913 shall re-main available until expended for satellite oper-ations; and of which $7,266,000 shall be avail-able until expended for deferred maintenance and capital improvement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds provided for the ecosystem research activ-ity shall be used to conduct new surveys on pri-vate property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided fur-ther, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topo-graphic mapping or water resources data collec-tion and investigations carried on in coopera-tion with States and municipalities. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for ac-tivities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the pub-lic interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for water resources and natural hazards activities through permits and licenses; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons em-ployed by the Survey duly appointed to rep-resent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided, That activities funded by appropriations herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit orga-nizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of stu-dents or recent graduates, who shall be consid-ered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relat-ing to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. B
UREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for granting leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and ma-rine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $171,000,000, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6852 September 6, 2017 
of which $114,166,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which $56,834,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and cred-ited to this appropriation from additions to re-ceipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, in-cluding studies, assessments, analysis, and mis-cellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fis-cal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $114,166,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for rea-sonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. Of the unobligated balances available for this account, $25,000,000 are permanently rescinded. B
UREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  E
NFORCEMENT  
OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
ENFORCEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights- of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related pur-poses on the Outer Continental Shelf, as au-thorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secre-tarial delegation; and for matching grants or co-operative agreements, $136,411,000, of which $108,540,000 is to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, and of which $27,871,000 is to re-main available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursu-ant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fis-cal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $108,540,000. For an additional amount, $50,000,000, to re-main available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from non-refundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2018, as provided in this Act: Pro-vided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $50,000,000, the amounts realized in excess of $50,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safe-ty and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-related costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly devel-opment, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), including the review of applica-tions for permits to drill. Of the unobligated balances available for this account, $12,000,000 are permanently rescinded. 
OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990, $12,700,000, which shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  E
NFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provi-sions of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $113,790,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel at-tending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursu-ant to section 507 of Public Law 95–87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That fees assessed and col-lected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $113,790,000. 
ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $24,672,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the re-covery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non- Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of envi-ronmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from aban-doned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $75,000,000, to remain available until expended, for grants to States for reclama-tion of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and con-ditions in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such additional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Pro-vided further, That such additional amount shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section: Pro-vided further, That such additional amount shall be allocated to States within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. B
UREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  I
NDIAN EDUCATION  
OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, includ-ing the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,362,211,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $74,650,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Sec-retary may exceed such cap, from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized In-dian tribes and tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $662,570,000 for school operations costs of Bu-reau-funded schools and other education pro-grams shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,991,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for housing improvement, road mainte-nance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improvement, and the Navajo-Hopi Set-tlement Program: Provided further, That not-withstanding any other provision of law, in-cluding but not limited to the Indian Self-Deter-mination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $80,168,000 within and only from such amounts made avail-able for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2018: Provided further, That any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobli-gated as of September 30, 2019, may be trans-ferred during fiscal year 2020 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the ben-efit of the holder of the funds within the hold-er’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so trans-ferred shall expire on September 30, 2020: Pro-vided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may accept transfers of funds from U.S. Customs and Border Protection to supplement any other funding available for reconstruction or repair of roads on the Tohono O’odham Na-tion. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organiza-tions for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act agreements with the Bureau of In-dian Affairs for fiscal year 2018, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to an-other budget account. 
CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, includ-ing architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irri-gation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483; $202,213,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be avail-able for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bu-reau of Reclamation: Provided further, That not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority avail-able to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program management costs of the Bureau: Provided further, That any funds pro-vided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6853 September 6, 2017 
basis: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, in implementing new construction, replace-ment facilities construction, or facilities im-provement and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in part 12 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as the regulatory re-quirements: Provided further, That such grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of payments for the work to be per-formed: Provided further, That in considering grant applications, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in as-suring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by section 1125(b) of Pub-lic Law 95–561 (25 U.S.C. 2005(b)), with respect to organizational and financial management ca-pabilities: Provided further, That if the Sec-retary declines a grant application, the Sec-retary shall follow the requirements contained in section 5205(f) of Public Law 100–296 (25 U.S.C. 2504(f)): Provided further, That any dis-putes between the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the dis-putes provision in section 2508 of Public Law 100–297 (25 U.S.C. 2507(e)): Provided further, That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of en-actment of this Act, any grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Pro-vided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trust-ee for American Indians appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. 
INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, 111–291, and 114–322, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $55,457,000, to remain available until expended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $9,272,000, of which $1,252,000 is for ad-ministrative expenses, as authorized by the In-dian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $123,565,389. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry out the operation of Indian programs by direct ex-penditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in co-operation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 (25 U.S.C. 15), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, oper-ation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and administrative services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and mainte-nance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the Indian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–413). In the event any tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that tribe, or the government-to-government re-lationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future ap-propriations. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Sec-retary of the Interior at each school in the Bu-reau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding for-mula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before Sep-tember 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reim-burse the Bureau for the use of the real and per-sonal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such fund-ing. Employees of Bureau-funded schools shar-ing a campus with a charter school and per-forming functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appendix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribution formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Sec-retary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to pro-vide language and cultural immersion edu-cational programs for non-public schools located within the jurisdictional area of the tribal gov-ernment which exclusively serve tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, provide an educational environment with edu-cator presence and academic facilities com-parable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the bene-fits of establishing operations at a satellite loca-tion in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing stu-dents extended distances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further, That the term ‘‘satellite school’’ means a school location physically sep-arated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects. DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $122,940,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation ex-penses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments as-sociated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $9,000,000 for the Office of Valuation Services is to be de-rived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until ex-pended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2018, up to $400,000 of the pay-ments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for admin-istrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Pay-ments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fiscal year for payments pursuant to this chapter are insufficient to make the full payments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made proportionally: Provided further, That the Secretary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to correct for prior overpayments or underpayments: Pro-vided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. I
NSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For expenses necessary for assistance to terri-tories under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior and other jurisdictions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $90,930,000, of which: (1) $81,500,000 shall re-main available until expended for territorial as-sistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef initiative activities, and brown tree snake control and research; grants to the judici-ary in American Samoa for compensation and expenses, as authorized by subsection (c) of the Act of February 20, 1929 (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of American Samoa, in addition to current local revenues, for con-struction and support of governmental func-tions; grants to the Government of the Virgin Is-lands, as authorized by law; grants to the Gov-ernment of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Government of the Northern Mar-iana Islands, as authorized by Public Law 94– 241 (90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,430,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein pro-vided for, including such transactions of all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6854 September 6, 2017 
agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discre-tion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Represent-atives on Future United States Financial Assist-ance for the Northern Mariana Islands ap-proved by Public Law 104–134: Provided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and main-tenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). 
COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  For grants and necessary expenses, $3,300,000, to remain available until expended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99–658 and Public Law 108–188. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Public Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the subsidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three per-cent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the pur-poses authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act for con-struction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guar-antees may be made without regard to the popu-lation of the area, credit elsewhere require-ments, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided fur-ther, That any funds transferred to the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. O
FFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the So-licitor, $65,675,000. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $49,952,000. O
FFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR AMERICAN  I
NDIANS  
FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for Indi-ans by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $119,400,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $18,990,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management im-provements and litigation support may, as need-ed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ ac-count; the Office of the Solicitor,‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Sec-retary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fis-cal year 2018, as authorized by the Indian Self- Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to pro-vide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had ac-tivity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such ac-count to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct adminis-trative errors of either disbursements from or de-posits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal ac-counts after September 30, 2002: Provided fur-ther, That erroneous payments that are recov-ered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to rec-oncile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Spe-cial Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Re-form Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggre-gate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are unknown for a continuous pe-riod of at least five years and shall not be re-quired to generate periodic statements of per-formance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain suffi-cient records to determine the balance of the in-dividual accounts, including any accrued inter-est and income, and such funds shall remain available to the individual account holders. DEPARTMENT -WIDE PROGRAMS  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and re-search, emergency rehabilitation, fuels manage-ment activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $935,850,000, to re-main available until expended, of which not to exceed $8,212,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $182,500,000 is for fuels manage-ment activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $19,948,000 is for burned area re-habilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be fur-nished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d, sums received by a bureau or of-fice of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That using the amounts des-ignated under this title of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior may enter into procure-ment contracts, grants, or cooperative agree-ments, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent non-Federal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided fur-ther, That the costs of implementing any cooper-ative agreement between the Federal Govern-ment and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels man-agement activities, may obtain maximum prac-ticable competition among: (1) local private, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conservation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public Law 109–154), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other entities that will hire or train locally a significant per-centage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in implementing this sec-tion, the Secretary shall develop written guid-ance to field units to ensure accountability and consistent application of the authorities pro-vided herein: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice for the costs of carrying out their respon-sibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and con-ference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management ac-tivities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropria-tions to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, includ-ing but not limited to fire guard stations, retard-ant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance pay-ments for any such lease or for construction ac-tivity associated with the lease: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to ex-ceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assist-ance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State, shall be available to support for-estry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, in-cluding technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations. 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT AND  R
ESTORATION  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage assess-ment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6855 September 6, 2017 
seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq., $7,568,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For the operation and maintenance of a de-partmental financial and business management system, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, cybersecu-rity, and the consolidation of facilities and op-erations throughout the Department, $65,388,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to es-tablish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior ap-proval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate:Provided further, That the Secretary may assess reasonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training serv-ices provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional services of the National Indian Program Train-ing Center to State, local and tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, educational, or recreational activi-ties (as defined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for similar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two preceding provisos shall be credited to this account, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary may enter into grants and cooperative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collec-tion and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase or through available ex-cess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with pro-ceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. 
OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE  For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as author-ized by law, $137,757,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which $41,727,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activi-ties: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with cer-tain Indian leases in which the Secretary con-curred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. 
PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES  For necessary expenses for payments author-ized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, $465,000,000 shall be available for fiscal year 2018. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  I
NTERIOR  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY —INTRA - 
BUREAU  S
EC. 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the ap-proval of the Secretary, for the emergency re-construction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equip-ment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made available under this au-thority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emer-gencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY — 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE S
EC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the ex-penditure or transfer of any no year appropria-tion in this title, in addition to the amounts in-cluded in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency pre-vention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emergency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoidable causes; for contingency planning subsequent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activities related to actual oil spills or releases of haz-ardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mormon cricket outbreaks on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclamation projects under sec-tion 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment, such funds as may be necessary to permit assumption of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regu-latory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of ve-hicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connec-tion with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reimbursement to be credited to ap-propriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Sec-retary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire suppression’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replen-ished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Pro-vided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 103. Appropriations made to the Depart-ment of the Interior in this title shall be avail-able for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replacement of motor ve-hicles, including specially equipped law enforce-ment vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of reprints; payment for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when au-thorized by the Secretary, for library member-ship in societies or associations which issue pub-lications to members only or at a price to mem-bers lower than to subscribers who are not mem-bers. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS , INDIAN TRUST  
MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior appropria-tions Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for In-dian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for historical accounting activi-ties shall not exceed amounts specifically des-ignated in this Act for such purpose. 
REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS , BUREAU OF INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is author-ized to redistribute any Tribal Priority Alloca-tion funds, including tribal base funds, to al-leviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inac-curate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a reduction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2018. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribu-tion methodologies, the 10 percent limitation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  S
EC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is author-ized to acquire lands, waters, or interests there-in including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jersey, for the purpose of operating and maintaining facilities in the sup-port of transportation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activi-ties, by donation or with appropriated funds, including franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Sec-retary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such facilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may de-termine reasonable. 
OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  S
EC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall collect a nonrefundable inspection fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facilities that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2018 shall be: (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or inac-tive wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2018. Fees for fiscal year 2018 shall be: (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) The Secretary shall bill designated opera-tors under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , 
REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  S
EC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement a reorganization of the Bu-reau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6856 September 6, 2017 
and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conform-ance with the reprogramming guidelines de-scribed in the report accompanying this Act. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE  
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agreements with nonprofit organizations and other appro-priate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (ex-cept that the 5-year term restriction in sub-section (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and maintenance of excess wild free roam-ing horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agree-ments and contracts may not exceed 10 years, subject to renewal at the discretion of the Sec-retary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  S
EC. 110. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall, in carrying out its responsibilities to protect threatened and endangered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, intended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally fi-nanced hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead species. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
EXHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW  S
EC. 111. Paragraph (1) of section 122(a) of di-vision E of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2020,’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter,’’. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 112. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2018, in carrying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivi-sion thereof, Indian Affairs may record obliga-tions against accounts receivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budg-etary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
SAGE-GROUSE  S
EC. 113. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Sec-retary of the Interior to write or issue pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— (1) a proposed rule for greater sage-grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus); (2) a proposed rule for the Columbia basin dis-tinct population segment of greater sage-grouse. 
HUMANE TRANSFER OF EXCESS ANIMALS  S
EC. 114. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior may trans-fer excess wild horses or burros that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local government agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon re-quest of such Federal, State, or local govern-ment agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild free-roaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as author-ized in this section shall not: destroy the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruc-tion into commercial products; sell or otherwise transfer the horses or burros in a way that re-sults in their destruction for processing into commercial products; or euthanize the horses or burros except upon the recommendation of a li-censed veterinarian, in cases of severe injury, illness, or advanced age. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN  
HISTORIC DESIGNATION  S
EC. 115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to make a determination of eligibility or to list the Trestles Historic District, San Diego County, California, on the National Register of Historic Places. 
REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULES  S
EC. 116. Before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666 et seq.) and the final rule pub-lished on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530 et seq.), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rules. Such reissuances (including this section) shall not be subject to judicial review. 
GRAY WOLVES RANGE -WIDE S
EC. 117. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of the In-terior to treat any gray wolf in any of the 48 contiguous States or the District of Columbia as an endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). TITLE II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  (
INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS) For science and technology, including re-search and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of lab-oratory equipment and supplies; and other oper-ating expenses in support of research and devel-opment, $629,238,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $4,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided fur-ther, That of the unobligated balances from ap-propriations made available under this heading, $27,000,000 are permanently rescinded. E
NVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  (
INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS) For environmental programs and manage-ment, including necessary expenses, not other-wise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and oper-ation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,398,840,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees made available, not less than the amount of appropriations for that pro-gram project for fiscal year 2014: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds included under this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environmental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds included under this heading, $402,000,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of the unobli-gated balances from appropriations made avail-able under this heading, $41,000,000 are perma-nently rescinded. HAZARDOUS WASTE ELECTRONIC MANIFEST  S
YSTEM FUND For necessary expenses to carry out section 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g), including the development, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the hazardous waste electronic manifest system established by such section, $3,674,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections under such section 3024 are received during fiscal year 2018, which shall remain available until expended and be used for necessary expenses in this ap-propriation, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund esti-mated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent such offsetting collections re-ceived in fiscal year 2018 exceed $3,674,000, those excess amounts shall remain available until ex-pended and be used for necessary expenses in this appropriation. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $40,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. B
UILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For construction, repair, improvement, exten-sion, alteration, and purchase of fixed equip-ment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environ-mental Protection Agency, $39,553,000, to remain available until expended. H
AZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), in-cluding sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,116,374,000, to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on Sep-tember 30, 2017, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,116,374,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as au-thorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Pro-vided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $7,778,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2019, and $15,496,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appropriation to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST F
UNDPROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities au-thorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act, $91,874,000, to remain available until expended, of which $66,505,000 shall be for car-rying out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $25,369,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use ap-propriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act to provide financial assistance to fed-erally recognized Indian tribes for the develop-ment and implementation of programs to man-age underground storage tanks. I
NLAND OILSPILLPROGRAMS  For expenses necessary to carry out the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,047,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6857 September 6, 2017 
STATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For environmental programs and infrastruc-ture assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance part-nership grants, $3,288,161,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which— (1) $1,143,887,000 shall be for making capital-ization grants for the Clean Water State Revolv-ing Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $863,233,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That for fiscal year 2017, funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants may, at the discre-tion of each State, be used for projects to ad-dress green infrastructure, water or energy effi-ciency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2018 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including administration: Provided fur-ther, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the common-wealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Colum-bia may also be made for the purpose of pro-viding assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the con-struction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial estab-lishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Adminis-trator for grants under section 518(c) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial estab-lishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding any provision of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act and regula-tions issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Adminis-trator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and educational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, not-withstanding the limitation on amounts in sec-tion 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, whichever is great-er, and notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided fur-ther, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drink-ing Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 20 percent of the funds made avail-able under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide ad-ditional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or re-structure the debt obligations of eligible recipi-ents only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act; (2) $10,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and waste-water infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and over-head expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide pri-ority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (3) $90,000,000 shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, interagency agree-ments, and associated program support costs: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characteriza-tion, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA: Provided further, That at least 10 per-cent shall be allocated for assistance in per-sistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Es-timates; (4) $75,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (5) $40,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and condi-tions in the report accompanying this Act; and (6) $1,066,041,000 shall be for grants, including associated program support costs, to States, fed-erally recognized tribes, interstate agencies, trib-al consortia, and air pollution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution pre-vention, control and abatement and related ac-tivities, including activities pursuant to the pro-visions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104–134, and for making grants under sec-tion 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Information Ex-change Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in ad-dition to funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State-level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring programs. W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND  I
NNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $25,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, in-cluding capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $3,049,000,000. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this account, to re-main available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan pro-grams, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —ENVIRONMENTAL  P
ROTECTION AGENCY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSION OF  
FUNDS)  For fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in car-rying out the Agency’s function to implement directly Federal environmental programs re-quired or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award coopera-tive agreements to federally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in implementing Federal environmental pro-grams for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agree-ments may be awarded from funds designated for State financial assistance agreements. The Administrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is authorized to collect and obli-gate pesticide registration service fees in accord-ance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act of 2012. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(d)(2)), the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w–8) for fiscal year 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6858 September 6, 2017 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in addition to the activities specified in section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w–8), fees collected in this and prior fiscal years under such section shall be available for the following activities as they relate to pesticide licensing: processing and review of data submitted in asso-ciation with a registration, information sub-mitted pursuant to section 6(a)(2) of FIFRA, supplemental distributor labels, transfers of reg-istrations and data compensation rights, addi-tional uses registered by States under section 24(c) of FIFRA, data compensation petitions, re-view of minor amendments, and notifications; laboratory support and audits; administrative support; development of policy and guidance; rulemaking support; information collection ac-tivities; and the portions of salaries related to work in these areas. The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Man-agement’’ to the head of any Federal depart-ment or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement pro-grams, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, moni-toring, outreach, and implementation in fur-therance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agree-ment. The Administrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is authorized to collect and obli-gate fees in accordance with section 26(b) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)) for fiscal year 2018. The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the con-struction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities, provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. For fiscal year 2018, and notwithstanding sec-tion 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian tribes pursuant to sec-tions 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. Of the unobligated balances available for the ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ account, $60,000,000 are permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985. Notwithstanding the limitations on amounts in section 320(i)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act, not less than $1,500,000 of the funds made available under this title for the National Estuary Program shall be for making competitive awards described in section 320(g)(4). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE F
OREST SERVICE  
OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR NATURAL  
RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and En-vironment, $875,000. 
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and range-land research as authorized by law, $278,368,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That of the funds provided, $75,037,000 is for the forest inventory and anal-ysis program. STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assist-ance to States, territories, possessions, and oth-ers, and for forest health management and con-ducting an international program as authorized, $198,710,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2021, as authorized by law; of which $36,184,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands as au-thorized by law, $1,885,827,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2021: Provided, That of the funds provided, $370,305,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $392,500,000 shall be for haz-ardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of cre-ating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $15,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agri-culture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Fed-eral land, or on non-Federal land if the Sec-retary determines such activities benefit re-sources on Federal land. Provided further, That notwithstanding section 33 of the Bankhead- Jones Farm Tenant Act (7 U.S.C. 1012), the Sec-retary of Agriculture, in calculating a fee for grazing on a National Grassland, may provide a credit of up to 50 percent of the calculated fee to a Grazing Association or direct permittee for a conservation practice approved by the Sec-retary in advance of the fiscal year in which the cost of the conservation practice is incurred. And, that the amount credited shall remain available to the Grazing Association or the di-rect permittee, as appropriate, in the fiscal year in which the credit is made and each fiscal year thereafter for use on the project for conservation practices approved by the Secretary. In addition, $4,500,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, from communication site rental fees established by the Forest Service for the cost of administering communication site activities. 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $354,733,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2021, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, recon-struction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2018 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose un-less the funds are appropriated. LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out the provi-sions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the Forest Service, $25,000,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund and to remain available until ex-pended. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS  
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California; and the Ozark-St. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Arkansas; as authorized by law, $850,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND  
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be de-rived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for au-thorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to the Sisk Act (16 U.S.C. 484a), pursuant to the Land Sale and Ex-change Acts (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586; Public Law 76–589; and Public Law 78–310), to remain available until expended. 
RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of range rehabilita-tion, protection, and improvement, 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic livestock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pur-suant to section 401(b)(1) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751(b)(1)), to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2021, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for administrative expenses associated with on-the-ground range rehabilita-tion, protection, and improvements. 
GIFTS , DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST  
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For expenses authorized by section 4(b) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Re-search Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1643(b)), $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to such Act. 
MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR  
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsist-ence uses under title VIII of the Alaska Na-tional Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.), $2,225,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2021. 
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire sup-pression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, emer-gency rehabilitation of burned-over National Forest System lands and water, and for State and volunteer fire assistance, $2,506,357,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That such funds including unobli-gated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appro-priations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That any un-obligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels management may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ ac-count: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other co-operating entities for services provided in re-sponse to wildfire and other emergencies or dis-asters to the extent such reimbursements by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6859 September 6, 2017 
Forest Service for non-fire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency manage-ment agency: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $19,290,000 is for research activi-ties and to make competitive research grants pursuant to the Forest and Rangeland Renew-able Resources Research Act, (16 U.S.C. 1641 et seq.), $76,011,000 is for State fire assistance, and $14,618,000 is for volunteer fire assistance under section 10 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2106): Provided further, That amounts in this paragraph may be trans-ferred to the ‘‘Forest and Rangeland Research’’ account to fund forest and rangeland research: Provided further, That the costs of imple-menting any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non-Federal enti-ty may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forest Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to ex-ceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That funds des-ignated for wildfire suppression, shall be as-sessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FOREST SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; acquisi-tion of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the operable fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service programs; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft; (2) services pursu-ant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 for employment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) pur-chase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests there-in pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for expenses pursuant to the Volunteers in the National For-est Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to se-vere burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the Wildland Fire Management Account, or repro-gram funds within the Wildland Fire Manage-ment Account, to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and emergency re-habilitation of burned-over National Forest Sys-tem lands and water, such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That none of the funds trans-ferred pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress: Pro-vided further, That this section does not apply to funds derived from the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in con-nection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support for-estry and related natural resource activities out-side the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, edu-cation and training, and cooperation with United States private and international organi-zations. The Forest Service, acting for the Inter-national Program, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and insti-tutions as well as other domestic agencies (in-cluding the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Department of State, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation), United States private sector firms, institutions and organizations to provide technical assist-ance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the per-formance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the For-est Service in this Act or any other Act with re-spect to any fiscal year shall be subject to trans-fer under the provisions of section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or section 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the ad-vance approval of the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the report accompanying this Act. Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Ag-riculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be trans-ferred to the Department of Agriculture for De-partment Reimbursable Programs, commonly re-ferred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of re-imbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the De-partment of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agri-culture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budg-et, which shall be carried out by the Youth Con-servation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Pub-lic Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Founda-tion to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service pro-grams: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative ex-penses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Serv-ice on at least a one-for-one basis: Provided fur-ther, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non-Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non-Federal matching funds. Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 98– 244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid cost-share conservation projects, without re-gard to when expenses are incurred, on or bene-fitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That such funds shall be matched on at least a one-for-one basis by the Foundation or its sub-recipients: Provided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non-Fed-eral recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non-Federal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resource-based businesses for sustain-able rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. Any funds appropriated to the Forest Service may be used to meet the non-Federal share re-quirement in section 502(c) of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). Funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $65,000,000, shall be assessed for the pur-pose of performing fire, administrative and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Such assessments shall occur using a square foot rate charged on the same basis the agency uses to assess programs for payment of rent, utilities, and other support services. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotia-tions and similar matters unrelated to civil liti-gation. Future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agri-culture should clearly display the sums pre-viously transferred and the sums requested for transfer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and ad-ministered by the Forest Service shall be consid-ered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, the Forest Service shall report not later than 30 business days following the close of each fiscal quarter all current and prior year unobligated balances, by fiscal year, budget line item and account, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. Any unobligated balance of funds appro-priated in a previous fiscal year in the FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund account shall remain available through September 30, 2020. The Forest Service shall submit, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, to the Office of Management and Budget a proposed system of administrative control of funds for its accounts, as described in 31 U.S.C. 1514, not later than December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6860 September 6, 2017 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act, the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Indian Health Service, $3,867,260,000, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 238(b), 238b), for services furnished by the Indian Health Service: Provided, That funds made available to tribes and tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for grants or contracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to In-dians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That $928,830,000 for Pur-chased/Referred Care, including $53,000,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $36,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for implementation of the loan repay-ment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further That of the funds provided, $11,000,000 shall re-main available until expended to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics operated under an Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act compact or contract where health care is delivered in space acquired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and im-provement and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $29,000,000 shall be for costs related to or resulting from accreditation emer-gencies, of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts otherwise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Gov-ernment as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be de-posited to the Fund authorized by section 108A of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a– 1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholar-ship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided fur-ther, That the amounts made available within this account for the Substance Abuse and Sui-cide Prevention Program, for the Domestic Vio-lence Prevention Program, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for aftercare pilot programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, to improve collec-tions from public and private insurance at In-dian Health Service and tribally operated facili-ties, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discretion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act may be used for an-nual contracts and grants for which the per-formance period falls within 2 fiscal years, pro-vided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of ti-tles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided fur-ther, That funding contained herein for scholar-ship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts re-ceived by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal orga-nizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, and from tribes and tribal organizations operating health facili-ties pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such indi-vidually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400, et seq.): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $130,000,000 is for the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund and may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities ac-count. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organiza-tions for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2018, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made avail-able under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, im-provement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for per-sonnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and com-munity sanitation facilities for Indians, as au-thorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the Indian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environ-mental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $551,643,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities con-struction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States De-partment of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Serv-ices’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities in conjunc-tion with an existing interagency agreement be-tween the Indian Health Service and the Gen-eral Services Administration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demolition Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and be used by the Indian Health Serv-ice for the demolition of Federal buildings. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the In-dian Health Service shall be available for serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior-level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor ve-hicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equip-ment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renova-tion and erection of modular buildings and ren-ovation of existing facilities; payments for tele-phone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of at-tendance at meetings that relate to the func-tions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provi-sions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all tribally administered or In-dian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651–2653) shall be credited to the ac-count of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to the Indian Health Service shall be ad-ministered under Public Law 86–121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program di-rection purposes, shall not be subject to limita-tions directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assess-ments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal organi-zation through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq. (title I), 5381 et seq. (title V)), may be deobligated and reobli-gated to a self-determination contract under title I, or a self-governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Fed-eral Register on September 16, 1987, by the De-partment of Health and Human Services, relat-ing to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the In-dian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reim-bursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimburse-ments received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the In-dian Self-Determination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will con-tain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead costs associated with the provi-sion of goods, services, or technical assistance: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6861 September 6, 2017 
Provided further, That the appropriation struc-ture for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  
SCIENCES  For necessary expenses for the National Insti-tute of Environmental Health Sciences in car-rying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Super-fund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, $75,370,000. A
GENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  R
EGISTRY  
TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL PUBLIC  
HEALTH  For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $72,780,000: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in lieu of performing a health as-sessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other ap-propriate health studies, evaluations, or activi-ties, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical moni-toring, and referral to accredited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assessment or health study, evaluation, or activity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological pro-files pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA dur-ing fiscal year 2018, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES E
XECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Qual-ity and Office of Environmental Quality pursu-ant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official recep-tion and representation expenses, $2,994,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, serving as chair-man and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. C
HEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in carrying out activi-ties pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for services author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $11,000,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral of EPA in performing the duties of the In-spector General of the Board, and shall not ap-point any individuals to positions within the Board. OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  R
ELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531, $15,431,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That funds pro-vided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in sig-nificantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the pre-ceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Pro-vided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Nav-ajo reservation or selected a replacement resi-dence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716): Provided further, That $200,000 shall be transferred to the Office of In-spector General of the Department of the Inte-rior, to remain available until expended, for au-dits and investigations of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation, consistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). I
NSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  N
ATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American In-dian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Devel-opment, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq.), $9,835,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian In-stitution, as authorized by law, including re-search in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of pub-lic exhibits and performances; collection, prepa-ration, dissemination, and exchange of informa-tion and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agree-ments of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $716,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, ex-cept as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $6,908,000 for the instrumentation pro-gram, collections acquisition, exhibition re-installation, and the repatriation of skeletal re-mains program shall remain available until ex-pended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revitaliza-tion, and alteration of facilities owned or occu-pied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $168,500,000, including support for revitalization of the National Air and Space Museum, to re-main available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. N
ATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative ex-penses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy-sixth Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publica-tions or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the gen-eral public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allow-ances therefor, for other employees as author-ized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and mainte-nance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and pur-chase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with indi-viduals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $132,961,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $3,620,000 for the special ex-hibition program shall remain available until expended. 
REPAIR , RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF  
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restoration and renovation of buildings, grounds and facili-ties owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or renewals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as au-thorized, $22,564,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. J
OHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING  A
RTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts, $23,740,000. 
CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the build-ing and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended. W
OODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  S
CHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of pas-senger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6862 September 6, 2017 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  H
UMANITIES  N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Human-ities Act of 1965, $145,000,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Human-ities Act of 1965, $145,000,000 to remain available until expended, of which $134,000,000 shall be available for support of activities in the human-ities, pursuant to section 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $11,000,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $8,700,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appro-priations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fis-cal years for which equal amounts have not pre-viously been appropriated. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  None of the funds appropriated to the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Human-ities may be used to process any grant or con-tract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for offi-cial reception and representation expenses: Pro-vided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official re-ception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. C
OMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,600,000: Provided, That the Commission is au-thorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to re-main available until expended without further appropriation: Provided further, That the Com-mission is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Na-tion’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of ar-tistic display, study, or education: Provided fur-ther, That one-tenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for of-ficial reception and representation expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Pub-lic Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,000,000. ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Coun-cil on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,400,000. N
ATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Cap-ital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $7,948,000: Pro-vided, That one-quarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational ex-penses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Mu-seum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $57,000,000, of which $1,215,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for the Museum’s equipment replace-ment program; and of which $2,500,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initia-tives program shall remain available until ex-pended. D
WIGHT D. E ISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Ei-senhower Memorial Commission, $1,600,000, to remain available until expended. 
CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Ei-senhower Memorial Commission for design and construction of a memorial in honor of Dwight D. Eisenhower, as authorized by Public Law 106–79, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the contract with re-spect to the procurement shall contain the ‘‘availability of funds’’ clause described in sec-tion 52.232.18 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions: Provided further, That the funds appro-priated herein shall be deemed to satisfy the cri-teria for issuing a permit contained in 40 U.S.C. 8906(a)(4) and (b). 
WOMEN ’S SUFFRAGE CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Women’s Suf-frage Centennial Commission, as authorized by Public Law 115–31, $1,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
WORLD WAR I CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For activities of the World War I Centennial Commission as authorized by the World War I Centennial Commission Act (Public Law 112– 272) and the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), $3,000,000: Provided, That the Commission may accept money, in-kind personnel services, con-tractual support, or any appropriate support from any executive branch agency for activities of the Commission. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 401. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available for any ac-tivity or the publication or distribution of lit-erature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Con-gress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 402. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  S
EC. 403. The amount and basis of estimated overhead charges, deductions, reserves or holdbacks, including working capital fund and cost pool charges, from programs, projects, ac-tivities and subactivities to support government- wide, departmental, agency, or bureau adminis-trative functions or headquarters, regional, or central operations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Commit-tees on Appropriations for approval. 
MINING APPLICATIONS  S
EC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS.—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior determines that, for the claim concerned (1) a patent appli-cation was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all requirements es-tablished under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Re-vised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the ap-plicant by that date. (c) R
EPORT .—On September 30, 2019, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan sub-mitted pursuant to section 314(c) of the Depart-ment of the Interior and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). (d) M
INERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to process patent applications in a timely and re-sponsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Interior shall allow the applicant to fund a qualified third- party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in subsection (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in accordance with the standard procedures em-ployed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , PRIOR YEAR  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Ap-propriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2018. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , FISCAL YEAR 2018  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fis-cal year 2018 under the headings ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Depart-ment of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Sup-port Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-deter-mination or self-governance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fis-cal year 2018 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Indian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments award-ing contract support costs for prior years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6863 September 6, 2017 
FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  S
EC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of subpara-graph 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely because more than 15 years have passed without revision of the plan for a unit of the National Forest System. Noth-ing in this section exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Range-land Renewable Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an acceler-ated basis. 
PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  S
EC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and re-lated activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activi-ties are allowed under the Presidential procla-mation establishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  S
EC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisi-tion of lands or interests in lands may be ex-pended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the ap-proval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to imple-ment the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appro-priated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restora-tion purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not suffi-cient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value ap-praisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domes-tic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
PROHIBITION ON NO -BID CONTRACTS  S
EC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to execu-tive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is en-tered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a con-tract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian tribes; or (2) such contract is authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically au-thorize a contract within an Indian tribe as de-fined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. POSTING OF REPORTS  S
EC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary informa-tion. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT  
GUIDELINES  S
EC. 413. Of the funds provided to the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, Na-tional Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish procedures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or indi-vidual to conduct activity independent of the di-rect grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal support to a group, unless the application is specific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM  
PRIORITIES  S
EC. 414. (a) In providing services or awarding financial assistance under the National Foun-dation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assist-ance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that serve underserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ means a population of individuals, including urban mi-norities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high incidence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, and revised annually in accord-ance with section 673(2) of the Community Serv-ices Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) appli-cable to a family of the size involved. (c) In providing services and awarding finan-cial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing serv-ices or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that will encourage public knowledge, edu-cation, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants ex-ceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of paragraph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Con-gress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support community-based music performance and education. STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 415. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropria-tions including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
RECREATION FEE  S
EC. 416. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation requiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon diox-ide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes as-sociated with livestock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  S
EC. 418. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to implement any provision in a rule, if that provision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emis-sions from manure management systems. 
MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 419. Section 8162(m)(3) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 420. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 421. Section 412 of Division E of Public Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
CHESAPEAKE BAY INITIATIVE  S
EC. 422. Section 502(c) of the Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  S
EC. 423. The terms and conditions of section 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), re-garding grazing permits issued by the Forest Service on any lands not subject to administra-tion under section 402 of the Federal Lands Pol-icy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2018. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 424. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is de-signed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
FOREST SERVICE FACILITY REALIGNMENT AND  
ENHANCEMENT ACT  S
EC. 425. Section 503(f) of the Forest Service Facility Realignment and Enhancement Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6864 September 6, 2017 
2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note; Public Law 109–54) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  S
EC. 426. (a)(1) None of the funds made avail-able by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alter-ation, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are pro-duced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other munic-ipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory qual-ity; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an infor-mal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Ad-ministrator shall make the request and accom-panying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and over-sight of the requirements of this section. 
MIDWAY ISLAND  S
EC. 427. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any buildings or structures on Midway Island that have been recommended by the United States Navy for in-clusion in the National Register of Historic Places (54 U.S.C. 302101). 
POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY  S
EC. 428. For fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, to support the key role that for-ests in the United States can play in addressing the energy needs of the United States, the Sec-retary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to for-est bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal depart-ments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and re-sponsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solution, in-cluding policies that— (A) reflect the carbon-neutrality of forest bio-energy and recognize biomass as a renewable energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to non-forest use. (B) encourage private investment throughout the forest biomass supply chain, including in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to improve forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. JOHN F . KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION  S
EC. 429. Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by strik-ing subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) M
AINTENANCE , REPAIR , ANDSECURITY .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H), $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1), $13,000,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’. 
CLARIFICATION OF EXEMPTIONS  S
EC. 430. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identi-fied in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES  S
EC. 431. (a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army may withdraw the Waters of the United States rule without re-gard to any provision of statute or regulation that establishes a requirement for such with-drawal. (b) E
FFECT OF WITHDRAWAL .—Except as oth-erwise provided by any Act or rule that takes ef-fect after the date of enactment of this Act, if the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the Secretary of the Army withdraw the Waters of the United States rule under subsection (a), the Administrator and Secretary shall implement the provisions of law under which such rule was issued in accordance with the regulations and guidance in effect under such provisions immediately before the ef-fective date of such rule. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the term ‘‘Waters of the United States rule’’ means the final rule issued by the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency and the Sec-retary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ on June 29, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 37053). 
OZONE  S
EC. 432. To implement the national ambient air quality standards for ozone published in the Federal Register on October 26, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 65292): (1) the Governor of each State shall designate areas of the State as attainment, nonattain-ment, or unclassifiable with respect to the standards not later than October 26, 2024; (2) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall promulgate final des-ignations for all areas in all States with respect to the standards not later than October 26, 2025; (3) each State shall submit the plan required by section 110(a)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7410(a)(1)) for the standards not later than October 26, 2026; (4) the standards shall not apply to the review and disposition of a preconstruction permit ap-plication required under part C or D of title I of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7470 et seq.) if the Administrator or the State, local or tribal per-mitting authority, as applicable, has determined the application to be complete prior to the date of promulgation of final designations, or has published a public notice of a preliminary deter-mination or draft permit before the date that is 60 days after the date of promulgation of final designations; and (5) the provisions of subsections (1) through (4) above shall apply notwithstanding the dead-lines set forth in Section 107(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7407(d)) and Section 110(a)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7410(a)(1)). FINANCIAL ASSURANCE  S
EC. 433. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Financial Responsibility Require-ments Under CERCLA § 108(b) for Classes of Fa-cilities in the Hardrock Mining Industry’’ pub-lished by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on January 11, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 3388 et seq.). 
AGRICULTURAL NUTRIENTS  S
EC. 434. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue any regulation under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) that applies to an animal feeding operation, including a concentrated ani-mal feeding operation and a large concentrated animal feeding operation, as such terms are de-fined in section 122.23 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR NATIONAL  
OCEAN POLICY  S
EC. 435. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy developed under Execu-tive Order 13547. 
HUNTING , FISHING , AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING  
ON FEDERAL LAND  S
EC. 436. (a) L IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.— None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to pro-hibit the use of or access to Federal land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6502)) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— (1) was not prohibited on such Federal land as of January 1, 2013; and (2) was conducted in compliance with the re-source management plan (as defined in section 101 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6511)) applicable to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. (b) T
EMPORARY CLOSURES ALLOWED .—Not- withstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may temporarily close, for a period not to exceed 30 days, Federal land managed by the Secretary to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if the Secretary determines that the temporary closure is necessary to accommodate a special event or for public safety reasons. The Secretary may ex-tend a temporary closure for one additional 90- day period only if the Secretary determines the extension is necessary because of extraordinary weather conditions or for public safety reasons. (c) A
UTHORITY OF STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the au-thority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the sev-eral States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regula-tions. 
AVAILABILITY OF VACANT GRAZING ALLOTMENTS  S
EC. 437. The Secretary of the Interior, with respect to public lands administered by the Bu-reau of Land Management, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the National Forest System lands, shall make vacant grazing allot-ments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by either Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease or other grazing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6865 September 6, 2017 
lands used by the holder of the permit or lease are unusable because of drought or wildfire, as determined by the Secretary concerned. The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease made available pursuant to this section shall be the same as the terms and conditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applica-ble to the vacant grazing allotment made avail-able. Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to any Federal agency action under this section. 
WIND TURBINE FUNDING LIMITATION  S
EC. 438. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct reviews of site assessment or construction and operation plans for any project that would entail the construc-tion or location of wind turbines less than 24 nautical miles from the State of Maryland shoreline. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 439. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 440. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–238. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 441. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION B—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DE-VELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINIS-TRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS P
ROCESSING , RESEARCH , ANDMARKETING  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $21,703,000, of which not to exceed $4,850,000 shall be available for the immediate Office of the Secretary; not to exceed $501,000 shall be available for the Office of Tribal Rela-tions; not to exceed $800,000 shall be available for the Assistant to the Secretary for Rural De-velopment: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Rural Develop-ment mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one administrative support staff for the As-sistant; not to exceed $1,448,000 shall be avail-able for the Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Coordination; not to exceed $1,171,000 shall be available for the Office of Ad-vocacy and Outreach; not to exceed $3,581,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration, of which $2,781,000 shall be available for Departmental Administration to provide for necessary ex-penses for management support services to of-fices of the Department and for general adminis-tration, security, repairs and alterations, and other miscellaneous supplies and expenses not otherwise provided for and necessary for the practical and efficient work of the Department; not to exceed $3,091,000 shall be available for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations to carry out the programs funded by this Act, including programs involving intergov-ernmental affairs and liaison within the execu-tive branch; and not to exceed $6,261,000 shall be available for the Office of Communications: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Secretary: Pro-vided further, That no appropriation for any of-fice shall be increased or decreased by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,000 of the amount made available under this paragraph for the immediate Office of the Secretary shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses, not other-wise provided for, as determined by the Sec-retary: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading for Departmental Administration shall be reimbursed from appli-cable appropriations in this Act for travel ex-penses incident to the holding of hearings as re-quired by 5 U.S.C. 551–558: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Con-gressional Relations may be transferred to agen-cies of the Department of Agriculture funded by this Act to maintain personnel at the agency level: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations may be obligated after 30 days from the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress on the allocation of these funds by USDA agency. EXECUTIVE OPERATIONS  
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Economist, $16,777,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be for grants or cooperative agreements for policy research under 7 U.S.C. 3155. 
OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Hear-ings and Appeals, $13,399,000. 
OFFICE OF BUDGET AND PROGRAM ANALYSIS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, $9,093,000. O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Information Officer, $49,538,000, of which not less than $33,000,000 is for cybersecurity re-quirements of the Department. O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Financial Officer, $5,836,000. O
FFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CIVIL R
IGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the As-sistant Secretary for Civil Rights, $800,000: Pro-vided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Civil Rights mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one administra-tive support staff for the Office. O
FFICE OF CIVILRIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $23,304,000. H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Department of Agriculture, to comply with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) and the Re-source Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), $3,503,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That appropria-tions and funds available herein to the Depart-ment for Hazardous Materials Management may be transferred to any agency of the Department for its use in meeting all requirements pursuant to the above Acts on Federal and non-Federal lands. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, including employment pursu-ant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), $95,628,000, includ-ing such sums as may be necessary for con-tracting and other arrangements with public agencies and private persons pursuant to sec-tion 6(a)(9) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), and includ-ing not to exceed $125,000 for certain confiden-tial operational expenses, including the pay-ment of informants, to be expended under the direction of the Inspector General pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 1337 of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 (Public Law 97–98). OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL  For necessary expenses of the Office of the General Counsel, $42,970,000. O
FFICE OF ETHICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ethics, $3,945,000. O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  R
ESEARCH , EDUCATION , ANDECONOMICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Re-search, Education, and Economics mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one adminis-trative support staff for the Office. E
CONOMIC RESEARCH SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the Economic Re-search Service, $76,788,000. N
ATIONAL AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the National Agri-cultural Statistics Service, $183,781,000, of which up to $63,350,000 shall be available until ex-pended for the Census of Agriculture: Provided, That amounts made available for the Census of Agriculture may be used to conduct Current In-dustrial Report surveys subject to 7 U.S.C. 2204g(d) and (f). A
GRICULTURAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Re-search Service and for acquisition of lands by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100, and for land exchanges where the lands exchanged shall be of equal value or shall be equalized by a payment of money to the grantor which shall not exceed 25 percent of the total value of the land or interests transferred out of Federal ownership, $1,132,625,000: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed one for replacement only: Pro-vided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to section 703 of the Act of September 21, 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the construction, alteration, and repair of buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise pro-vided, the cost of constructing any one building shall not exceed $500,000, except for headhouses or greenhouses which shall each be limited to $1,800,000, except for 10 buildings to be con-structed or improved at a cost not to exceed $1,100,000 each, and except for two buildings to be constructed at a cost not to exceed $3,000,000 each, and the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 per-cent of the current replacement value of the building or $500,000, whichever is greater: Pro-vided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for entering into lease agree-ments at any Agricultural Research Service lo-cation for the construction of a research facility by a non-Federal entity for use by the Agricul-tural Research Service and a condition of the lease shall be that any facility shall be owned, operated, and maintained by the non-Federal entity and shall be removed upon the expiration or termination of the lease agreement: Provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6866 September 6, 2017 
further, That the limitations on alterations con-tained in this Act shall not apply to moderniza-tion or replacement of existing facilities at Belts-ville, Maryland: Provided further, That appro-priations hereunder shall be available for grant-ing easements at the Beltsville Agricultural Re-search Center: Provided further, That the fore-going limitations shall not apply to replacement of buildings needed to carry out the Act of April 24, 1948 (21 U.S.C. 113a): Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at any Agricultural Re-search Service location for the construction of a research facility by a non-Federal entity for use by, and acceptable to, the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the easements shall be that upon completion the facility shall be ac-cepted by the Secretary, subject to the avail-ability of funds herein, if the Secretary finds that acceptance of the facility is in the interest of the United States: Provided further, That funds may be received from any State, other po-litical subdivision, organization, or individual for the purpose of establishing or operating any research facility or research project of the Agri-cultural Research Service, as authorized by law. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the acquisition of land, construction, re-pair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities as nec-essary to carry out the agricultural research programs of the Department of Agriculture, where not otherwise provided, $60,000,000 to re-main available until expended. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE  
RESEARCH AND EDUCATION ACTIVITIES  For payments to agricultural experiment sta-tions, for cooperative forestry and other re-search, for facilities, and for other expenses, $830,402,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Research and Education Activities’’ in the re-port accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds for research grants for 1994 institutions, education grants for 1890 institutions, the agri-culture and food research initiative, veterinary medicine loan repayment, multicultural schol-ars, graduate fellowship and institution chal-lenge grants, and grants management systems shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each institution eligible to receive funds under the Evans-Allen program receives no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for education grants for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian-serving institutions be made available to individual eligible institutions or consortia of eligible institutions with funds awarded equally to each of the States of Alaska and Hawaii: Provided further, That funds for education grants for 1890 institutions shall be made available to institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 and 3222: Provided further, That not more than 5 percent of the amounts made available by this or any other Act to carry out the Agriculture and Food Re-search Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) may be retained by the Secretary of Agriculture to pay administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out that Act. 
NATIVE AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS ENDOWMENT  
FUND  For the Native American Institutions Endow-ment Fund authorized by Public Law 103–382 (7 U.S.C. 301 note), $11,880,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXTENSION ACTIVITIES  For payments to States, the District of Colum-bia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, Mi-cronesia, the Northern Marianas, and American Samoa, $475,876,000, which shall be for the pur-poses, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agri-culture, Extension Activities’’ in the report ac-companying this Act: Provided, That funds for facility improvements at 1890 institutions shall remain available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 for cooperative extension re-ceive no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for cooperative extension under sec-tions 3(b) and (c) of the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343(b) and (c)) and section 209 of the Dis-trict of Columbia Public Postsecondary Edu-cation Reorganization Act (38–1202.09, D.C. Of-ficial Code) shall be available for retirement and employees’ compensation costs for extension agents. INTEGRATED ACTIVITIES  For the integrated research, education, and extension grants programs, including necessary administrative expenses, $35,000,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, speci-fied in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Integrated Activities’’ in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds for the Food and Agriculture De-fense Initiative shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, indirect costs shall not be charged against any Exten-sion Implementation Program Area grant awarded under the Integrated research, edu-cation, and extension competitive grants pro-gram under section 406 of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998. O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  M
ARKETING AND REGULATORY PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Mar-keting and Regulatory Programs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one adminis-trative support staff for the Office. A
NIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, including up to $30,000 for representation allowances and for ex-penses pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4085), $906,400,000, of which $450,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available for the control of outbreaks of insects, plant diseases, animal diseases and for control of pest animals and birds (‘‘contingency fund’’) to the extent necessary to meet emer-gency conditions; of which $11,520,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be used for the cotton pests program for cost share purposes or for debt retirement for active eradication zones; of which $35,250,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Animal Health Technical Services; of which $700,000 shall be for activities under the authority of the Horse Protection Act of 1970, as amended (15 U.S.C. 1831); of which $55,340,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to support avian health; of which $4,200,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for information tech-nology infrastructure; of which $160,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for specialty crop pests; of which, $8,800,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be for field crop and rangeland ecosystem pests; of which $14,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for zoonotic disease management; of which $36,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for emergency preparedness and response; of which $38,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for tree and wood pests; of which $5,725,000, to remain avail-able until expended, shall be for the National Veterinary Stockpile; of which up to $1,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the scrapie program for indemnities; of which $2,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the wildlife damage management program for aviation safety: Provided, That of amounts available under this heading for wild-life services methods development, $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of amounts available under this heading for the screwworm program, $4,990,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That no funds shall be used to formu-late or administer a brucellosis eradication pro-gram for the current fiscal year that does not re-quire minimum matching by the States of at least 40 percent: Provided further, That this ap-propriation shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed five, of which two shall be for replacement only: Provided further, That in ad-dition, in emergencies which threaten any seg-ment of the agricultural production industry of the United States, the Secretary may transfer from other appropriations or funds available to the agencies or corporations of the Department such sums as may be deemed necessary, to be available only in such emergencies for the arrest and eradication of contagious or infectious dis-ease or pests of animals, poultry, or plants, and for expenses in accordance with sections 10411 and 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8310 and 8316) and sections 431 and 442 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751 and 7772), and any unexpended balances of funds transferred for such emergency purposes in the preceding fiscal year shall be merged with such transferred amounts: Provided further, That ap-propriations hereunder shall be available pursu-ant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the repair and al-teration of leased buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided, the cost of alter-ing any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. In fiscal year 2018, the agency is authorized to collect fees to cover the total costs of providing technical assistance, goods, or services requested by States, other political subdivisions, domestic and international organizations, foreign govern-ments, or individuals, provided that such fees are structured such that any entity’s liability for such fees is reasonably based on the tech-nical assistance, goods, or services provided to the entity by the agency, and such fees shall be reimbursed to this account, to remain available until expended, without further appropriation, for providing such assistance, goods, or services. A
GRICULTURAL MARKETING SERVICE  
MARKETING SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Marketing Service, $77,573,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and re-pair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. Fees may be collected for the cost of standard-ization activities, as established by regulation pursuant to section 9701 of title 31, United States Code. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $61,227,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses: Provided, That if crop size is understated and/or other uncontrol-lable events occur, the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
FUNDS FOR STRENGTHENING MARKETS , INCOME , 
AND SUPPLY (SECTION 32)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Funds available under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c), shall be used only for commodity program expenses as author-ized therein, and other related operating ex-penses, except for: (1) transfers to the Depart-ment of Commerce as authorized by the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6867 September 6, 2017 
(2) transfers otherwise provided in this Act; and (3) not more than $20,705,000 for formulation and administration of marketing agreements and orders pursuant to the Agricultural Mar-keting Agreement Act of 1937 and the Agricul-tural Act of 1961 (Public Law 87–128). 
PAYMENTS TO STATES AND POSSESSIONS  For payments to departments of agriculture, bureaus and departments of markets, and simi-lar agencies for marketing activities under sec-tion 204(b) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1623(b)), $1,109,000. G
RAIN INSPECTION , PACKERS AND STOCKYARDS  A
DMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Grain Inspec-tion, Packers and Stockyards Administration, $42,888,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not ex-ceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. 
LIMITATION ON INSPECTION AND WEIGHING  
SERVICES EXPENSES  Not to exceed $60,000,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for inspection and weighing services: Provided, That if grain export activities require additional supervision and oversight, or other uncontrol-lable factors occur, this limitation may be ex-ceeded by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD S
AFETY  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food Safety, $800,000: Pro-vided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food Safety mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one administra-tive support staff for the Office. F
OODSAFETY AND INSPECTION SERVICE  For necessary expenses to carry out services authorized by the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act, including not to exceed $50,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act ap-proved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $1,038,069,000; and in addition, $1,000,000 may be credited to this account from fees collected for the cost of laboratory accreditation as author-ized by section 1327 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 138f): Provided, That funds provided for the Public Health Data Communication Infrastruc-ture system shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That no fewer than 148 full-time equivalent positions shall be em-ployed during fiscal year 2018 for purposes dedi-cated solely to inspections and enforcement re-lated to the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.): Provided further, That the Food Safety and Inspection Service shall continue implementation of section 11016 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246) as further clarified by the amendments made in section 12106 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79): Pro-vided further, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improve-ments, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 per-cent of the current replacement value of the building. TITLE II FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION PROGRAMS OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FARM P
RODUCTION AND CONSERVATION  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Farm Production and Con-servation, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Farm Production and Conservation mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one administra-tive support staff for the Office. F
ARMSERVICE AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Farm Service Agency, $1,166,317,000: Provided, That not more than 50 percent of the $78,013,000 made available under this heading for information technology related to farm program delivery, including the Modernize and Innovate the Delivery of Agri-cultural Systems and other farm program deliv-ery systems, may be obligated until the Sec-retary submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, and receives written or electronic notification of receipt from such Committees of, a plan for expenditure that (1) identifies for each project/investment over $25,000 (a) the functional and performance ca-pabilities to be delivered and the mission bene-fits to be realized, (b) the estimated lifecycle cost, including estimates for development as well as maintenance and operations, and (c) key milestones to be met; (2) demonstrates that each project/investment is (a) consistent with the Farm Service Agency Information Technology Roadmap, (b) being managed in accordance with applicable lifecycle management policies and guidance, and (c) subject to the applicable Department’s capital planning and investment control requirements; and (3) has been reviewed by the Government Accountability Office: Pro-vided further, That the agency shall submit a report by the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 to the Committees on Appropriations and the Government Accountability Office, that identifies for each project/investment that is operational (a) current performance against key indicators of customer satisfaction, (b) current performance of service level agreements or other technical metrics, (c) current performance against a pre-established cost baseline, (d) a de-tailed breakdown of current and planned spend-ing on operational enhancements or upgrades, and (e) an assessment of whether the investment continues to meet business needs as intended as well as alternatives to the investment: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to use the services, facilities, and authorities (but not the funds) of the Commodity Credit Corporation to make program payments for all programs ad-ministered by the Agency: Provided further, That other funds made available to the Agency for authorized activities may be advanced to and merged with this account: Provided further, That funds made available to county committees shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to close Farm Service Agency county offices: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to permanently re-locate county based employees that would result in an office with two or fewer employees with-out prior notification and approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
STATE MEDIATION GRANTS  For grants pursuant to section 502(b) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, as amended (7 U.S.C. 5101–5106), $3,398,000. 
GRASSROOTS SOURCE WATER PROTECTION  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out wellhead or groundwater protection activities under sec-tion 1240O of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2), $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. DAIRY INDEMNITY PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses involved in making in-demnity payments to dairy farmers and manu-facturers of dairy products under a dairy in-demnity program, such sums as may be nec-essary, to remain available until expended: Pro-vided, That such program is carried out by the Secretary in the same manner as the dairy in-demnity program described in the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–387, 114 Stat. 1549A–12). 
AGRICULTURAL CREDIT INSURANCE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed farm ownership (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.) and operating (7 U.S.C. 1941 et seq.) loans, emergency loans (7 U.S.C. 1961 et seq.), Indian tribe land acquisition loans (25 U.S.C. 488), boll weevil loans (7 U.S.C. 1989), guaranteed conservation loans (7 U.S.C. 1924 et seq.), and Indian highly fractionated land loans (25 U.S.C. 488) to be available from funds in the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund, as follows: $2,500,000,000 for guaranteed farm ownership loans and $1,500,000,000 for farm ownership di-rect loans; $1,593,423,000 for unsubsidized guar-anteed operating loans and $1,304,851,000 for di-rect operating loans; emergency loans, $25,610,000; Indian tribe land acquisition loans, $20,000,000; guaranteed conservation loans, $150,000,000; Indian highly fractionated land loans, $10,000,000; and for boll weevil eradi-cation program loans, $60,000,000: Provided, That the Secretary shall deem the pink bollworm to be a boll weevil for the purpose of boll weevil eradication program loans. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans and grants, including the cost of modifying loans as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: farm oper-ating loans, $52,716,000 for direct operating loans, $17,687,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans, emergency loans, $1,260,000, to remain available until expended; and $2,272,000 for Indian highly fractionated land loans. In addition, for administrative expenses nec-essary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $305,291,000, of which $297,386,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agen-cy, Salaries and Expenses’’. Funds appropriated by this Act to the Agri-cultural Credit Insurance Program Account for farm ownership, operating and conservation di-rect loans and guaranteed loans may be trans-ferred among these programs: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. R
ISKMANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Risk Manage-ment Agency, $55,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses, as author-ized by 7 U.S.C. 1506(i). N
ATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE  
CONSERVATION OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for carrying out the provisions of the Act of April 27, 1935 (16 U.S.C. 590a–f), including preparation of conservation plans and establishment of measures to conserve soil and water (including farm irrigation and land drainage and such special measures for soil and water management as may be necessary to prevent floods and the siltation of reservoirs and to control agricultural related pollutants); oper-ation of conservation plant materials centers; classification and mapping of soil; dissemination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6868 September 6, 2017 
of information; acquisition of lands, water, and interests therein for use in the plant materials program by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100 pursuant to the Act of August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 428a); pur-chase and erection or alteration or improvement of permanent and temporary buildings; and op-eration and maintenance of aircraft, $858,911,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That appropriations here-under shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for construction and improvement of build-ings and public improvements at plant materials centers, except that the cost of alterations and improvements to other buildings and other pub-lic improvements shall not exceed $250,000: Pro-vided further, That when buildings or other structures are erected on non-Federal land, that the right to use such land is obtained as pro-vided in 7 U.S.C. 2250a. 
WATERSHED AND FLOOD PREVENTION OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to carry out preventive measures, including but not limited to surveys and investigations, engineering operations, works of improvement, and changes in use of land, in accordance with the Watershed Protec-tion and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1001– 1005 and 1007–1009) and in accordance with the provisions of laws relating to the activities of the Department, $40,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $20,000,000 shall be allocated to projects and activities that can commence promptly following enactment; that address regional priorities for flood preven-tion, agricultural water management, inefficient irrigation systems, fish and wildlife habitat, or watershed protection; or that address author-ized ongoing projects under the authorities of section 13 of the Flood Control Act of December 22, 1944 (Public Law 78–534) with a primary pur-pose of watershed protection by preventing floodwater damage and stabilizing stream chan-nels, tributaries, and banks to reduce erosion and sediment transport. 
WATERSHED REHABILITATION PROGRAM  Under the authorities of section 14 of the Wa-tershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act, $10,000,000 is provided: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for watershed rehabilitation projects in states with high-hazard dams and other watershed structures and that have recently incurred flooding events which caused fatalities. CORPORATIONS The following corporations and agencies are hereby authorized to make expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accord with law, and to make contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of the Government Corporation Control Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation or agency, except as hereinafter provided. F
EDERAL CROPINSURANCE CORPORATION FUND For payments as authorized by section 516 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516), such sums as may be necessary, to remain avail-able until expended. C
OMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION FUND 
REIMBURSEMENT FOR NET REALIZED LOSSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not previously reimbursed, pursuant to sec-tion 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11): Provided, That of the funds available to the Commodity Credit Corporation under sec-tion 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i) for the conduct of its business with the Foreign Agricultural Serv-ice, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to and used by the Foreign Agricultural Service for in-formation resource management activities of the Foreign Agricultural Service that are not related to Commodity Credit Corporation business. HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT  
(LIMITATION ON EXPENSES)  For the current fiscal year, the Commodity Credit Corporation shall not expend more than $5,000,000 for site investigation and cleanup ex-penses, and operations and maintenance ex-penses to comply with the requirement of section 107(g) of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607(g)), and section 6001 of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6961). TITLE III RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS R
URAL DEVELOPMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for carrying out the administration and implementation of Rural De-velopment programs, including activities with institutions concerning the development and op-eration of agricultural cooperatives; and for co-operative agreements; $220,835,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional ac-tivities that support Rural Development pro-grams. R
URAL HOUSING SERVICE  
RURAL HOUSING INSURANCE FUND PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by title V of the Housing Act of 1949, to be avail-able from funds in the rural housing insurance fund, as follows: $900,000,000 shall be for direct loans and $24,000,000,000 shall be for unsub-sidized guaranteed loans; $24,000,000 for section 504 housing repair loans; $28,398,000 for section 515 rental housing; $230,000,000 for section 538 guaranteed multi-family housing loans; $10,000,000 for credit sales of single family hous-ing acquired property; $5,000,000 for section 523 self-help housing land development loans; and $5,000,000 for section 524 site development loans: Provided, That section 514(f)(3)(A) of the Hous-ing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484(f)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘United States’’ and in-serting ‘‘United States,’’ and by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, or a person le-gally admitted to the United States and author-ized to work in agriculture’’. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: section 502 loans, $34,650,000 shall be for direct loans; section 504 housing re-pair loans, $2,959,000; section 523 self-help hous-ing land development loans, $368,000; section 524 site development loans, $58,000; and repair, re-habilitation, and new construction of section 515 rental housing, $7,472,000: Provided, That to support the loan program level for section 538 guaranteed loans made available under this heading the Secretary may charge or adjust any fees to cover the projected cost of such loan guarantees pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and the interest on such loans may not be sub-sidized: Provided further, That applicants in communities that have a current rural area waiver under section 541 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490q) shall be treated as living in a rural area for purposes of section 502 guar-anteed loans provided under this heading: Pro-vided further, That of the amounts available under this paragraph for section 502 direct loans, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available for direct loans for individuals whose homes will be built pursuant to a program funded with a mutual and self-help housing grant authorized by section 523 of the Housing Act of 1949 until June 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall implement provisions to provide in-centives to nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities to facilitate the acquisition of Rural Housing Service (RHS) multifamily housing properties by such nonprofit organiza-tions and public housing authorities that com-mit to keep such properties in the RHS multi-family housing program for a period of time as determined by the Secretary, with such incen-tives to include, but not be limited to, the fol-lowing: allow such nonprofit entities and public housing authorities to earn a Return on Invest-ment (ROI) on their own resources to include proceeds from low income housing tax credit syndication, own contributions, grants, and de-veloper loans at favorable rates and terms, in-vested in a deal; and allow reimbursement of or-ganizational costs associated with owner’s over-sight of asset referred to as ‘‘Asset Management Fee’’ (AMF) of up to $7,500 per property. In addition, for the cost of direct loans, grants, and contracts, as authorized by sections 514 and 516 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484, 1486), $10,008,000, to remain available until expended, for direct farm labor housing loans and domestic farm labor housing grants and contracts: Provided, That any balances avail-able for the Farm Labor Program Account shall be transferred to and merged with this account. In addition, for administrative expenses nec-essary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $401,300,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
RENTAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed pursuant to the authority under sec-tion 521(a)(2) of the Housing Act of 1949 or agreements entered into in lieu of debt forgive-ness or payments for eligible households as au-thorized by section 502(c)(5)(D) of the Housing Act of 1949, $1,345,293,000, of which $40,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019; and in addition such sums as may be necessary, as authorized by section 521(c) of the Act, to liq-uidate debt incurred prior to fiscal year 1992 to carry out the rental assistance program under section 521(a)(2) of the Act: Provided, That rent-al assistance agreements entered into or re-newed during the current fiscal year shall be funded for a one-year period: Provided further, That any unexpended balances remaining at the end of such one-year agreements may be trans-ferred and used for purposes of any debt reduc-tion; maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation of any existing projects; preservation; and rental assistance activities authorized under title V of the Act: Provided further, That rental assist-ance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2018 for a farm labor multi- family housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act may not be recaptured for use in another project until such assistance has remained unused for a period of 12 consecutive months, if such project has a waiting list of ten-ants seeking such assistance or the project has rental assistance eligible tenants who are not re-ceiving such assistance: Provided further, That such recaptured rental assistance shall, to the extent practicable, be applied to another farm labor multi-family housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act: Provided further, That except as provided in the third proviso under this heading and notwithstanding any other provision of the Act, the Secretary may recapture rental assistance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2018 for a project that the Secretary determines no longer needs rental assistance and use such re-captured funds for current needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6869 September 6, 2017 
MULTI -FAMILY HOUSING REVITALIZATION  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the rural housing voucher program as au-thorized under section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, but notwithstanding subsection (b) of such section, and for additional costs to conduct a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multi-family rental housing properties described in this paragraph, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $20,000,000, shall be avail-able for rural housing vouchers to any low-in-come household (including those not receiving rental assistance) residing in a property fi-nanced with a section 515 loan which has been prepaid after September 30, 2005: Provided fur-ther, That the amount of such voucher shall be the difference between comparable market rent for the section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for such unit: Provided further, That funds made available for such vouchers shall be sub-ject to the availability of annual appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, administer such vouchers with current regulations and ad-ministrative guidance applicable to section 8 housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment: Provided further, That if the Secretary determines that the amount made available for vouchers in this or any other Act is not needed for vouchers, the Secretary may use such funds for the demonstration program for the preserva-tion and revitalization of multi-family rental housing properties described in this paragraph: Provided further, That of the funds made avail-able under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be available for a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of the sections 514, 515, and 516 multi-family rental housing properties to restructure existing USDA multi- family housing loans, as the Secretary deems appropriate, expressly for the purposes of ensur-ing the project has sufficient resources to pre-serve the project for the purpose of providing safe and affordable housing for low-income resi-dents and farm laborers including reducing or eliminating interest; deferring loan payments, subordinating, reducing or reamortizing loan debt; and other financial assistance including advances, payments and incentives (including the ability of owners to obtain reasonable re-turns on investment) required by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary shall as part of the preservation and revitalization agreement obtain a restrictive use agreement consistent with the terms of the restructuring: Provided further, That if the Secretary deter-mines that additional funds for vouchers de-scribed in this paragraph are needed, funds for the preservation and revitalization demonstra-tion program may be used for such vouchers: Provided further, That if Congress enacts legis-lation to permanently authorize a multi-family rental housing loan restructuring program simi-lar to the demonstration program described herein, the Secretary may use funds made avail-able for the demonstration program under this heading to carry out such legislation with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress: Provided fur-ther, That in addition to any other available funds, the Secretary may expend not more than $1,000,000 total, from the program funds made available under this heading, for administrative expenses for activities funded under this head-ing. 
MUTUAL AND SELF -HELP HOUSING GRANTS  For grants and contracts pursuant to section 523(b)(1)(A) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490c), $25,000,000, to remain available until expended. RURAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $2,600,000,000 for direct loans and $148,305,000 for guaranteed loans. For the cost of guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, $4,849,000, to remain available until expended. R
URAL BUSINESS —COOPERATIVE SERVICE  
RURAL BUSINESS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of loan guarantees and grants, for the rural business development programs au-thorized by section 310B and described in sub-sections (a), (c), (f) and (g) of section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $58,251,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of the amount appro-priated under this heading, not to exceed $500,000 shall be made available for one grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote economic development and $5,000,000 shall be for grants to the Delta Re-gional Authority (7 U.S.C. 2009aa et seq.) and the Appalachian Regional Commission (40 U.S.C. 14101 et seq.) for any Rural Community Advancement Program purpose as described in section 381E(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative ex-penses: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for business grants to benefit Federally Rec-ognized Native American Tribes, including $250,000 for a grant to a qualified national orga-nization to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote eco-nomic development: Provided further, That sec-tions 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to funds made available under this heading. 
INTERMEDIARY RELENDING PROGRAM FUND  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Pro-gram Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), $17,500,000. For the cost of direct loans, $4,041,000, as au-thorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), of which $404,100 shall be available through June 30, 2018, for Federally Recognized Native American Tribes; and of which $606,150 shall be available through June 30, 2018, for Mississippi Delta Re-gion counties (as determined in accordance with Public Law 100–460): Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan programs, $4,230,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the ap-propriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized under section 313 of the Rural Elec-trification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects, $33,077,000. Of the funds derived from interest on the cushion of credit payments, as authorized by section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, $196,000,000 shall not be obligated and $196,000,000 are rescinded. The cost of grants authorized under section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the pur-pose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects shall not exceed $10,000,000. RURAL COOPERATIVE DEVELOPMENT GRANTS  For rural cooperative development grants au-thorized under section 310B(e) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932), $21,000,000, of which $2,500,000 shall be for cooperative agreements for the ap-propriate technology transfer for rural areas program: Provided, That not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be for grants for cooperative development centers, individual cooperatives, or groups of co-operatives that serve socially disadvantaged groups and a majority of the boards of directors or governing boards of which are comprised of individuals who are members of socially dis-advantaged groups; and of which $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for value-added agricultural product market devel-opment grants, as authorized by section 231 of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a). 
RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PROGRAM  For the cost of a program of loan guarantees, under the same terms and conditions as author-ized by section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107), $291,000: Provided, That the cost of loan guar-antees, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. R
URAL UTILITIES SERVICE  
RURAL WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, loan guarantees, and grants for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B and described in sections 306C(a)(2), 306D, 306E, and 381E(d)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $472,700,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be avail-able for the rural utilities program described in section 306(a)(2)(B) of such Act, and of which not to exceed $993,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306E of such Act: Provided, That $45,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for loans and grants including water and waste disposal systems grants authorized by sec-tion 306C(a)(2)(B) and section 306D of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes authorized by 306C(a)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act may be provided to a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83: Provided further, That not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act may be used by the State of Alaska for training and technical assistance programs and not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be used by a con-sortium formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83 for training and technical assistance programs: Provided further, That not to exceed $20,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for technical assistance grants for rural water and waste systems pursu-ant to section 306(a)(14) of such Act, unless the Secretary makes a determination of extreme need, of which $6,500,000 shall be made avail-able for a grant to a qualified nonprofit multi- State regional technical assistance organization, with experience in working with small commu-nities on water and waste water problems, the principal purpose of such grant shall be to assist rural communities with populations of 3,300 or less, in improving the planning, financing, de-velopment, operation, and management of water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6870 September 6, 2017 
and waste water systems, and of which not less than $800,000 shall be for a qualified national Native American organization to provide tech-nical assistance for rural water systems for trib-al communities: Provided further, That not to exceed $16,897,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for contracting with qualified national organizations for a circuit rider program to provide technical assistance for rural water systems: Provided further, That not to exceed $4,000,000 shall be for solid waste man-agement grants: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. 
RURAL ELECTRIFICATION AND  
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The principal amount of direct and guaran-teed loans as authorized by sections 305 and 306 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935 and 936) shall be made as follows: loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, rural electric, $5,500,000,000; guaranteed underwriting loans pursuant to section 313A, $750,000,000; 5 percent rural telecommunications loans, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, and for loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, rural telecommunications loans, $690,000,000: Provided, That up to $2,000,000,000 shall be used for the construction, acquisition, or improve-ment of fossil-fueled electric generating plants (whether new or existing) that utilize carbon se-questration systems. For the cost of direct loans as authorized by section 305 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935), including the cost of modi-fying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, $863,000. In addition, for administrative expenses nec-essary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $30,750,000, which shall be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
BROADBAND PROGRAM  For the principal amount of broadband tele-communication loans, $26,991,000. For the cost of broadband loans, as author-ized by section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act, $4,521,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the cost of direct loans shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. R
URAL ECONOMIC INFRASTRUCTURE ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For grants for very low-income housing repair and rural housing preservation made by the Rural Housing Service, as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 1474 and 1490m; for rural community fa-cilities, as authorized by section 306 and de-scribed in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act; for grants for telemedicine distance learning services in rural areas, as authorized by 7 U.S.C 950aaa et seq.; and for grants to finance broadband trans-mission in rural areas eligible for Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program benefits, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa; $122,692,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That sections 381E-H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to the funds made avail-able under this heading: Provided further, That any balances available for the very low-income housing repair and rural housing preservation grants in the ‘‘Rural Housing Assistance Grant’’ account, the rural community facilities grants in the ‘‘Rural Community Facilities Program Account’’, and the telemedicine and distance learning grants and broadband grants in the ‘‘Distance Learning, Telemedicine and Broadband Program’’ account shall be trans-ferred to and merged with funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading, not more than $60,000,000 shall be made available through June 30, 2018, for jurisdictions in the Appalachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102(a)(1): Provided further, That eligible ac-tivities under each of the Rural Housing Assist-ance Grants program, Rural Community Facili-ties program, and Distance Learning, Telemedi-cine and Broadband program accounts shall re-ceive not less than 15 percent of the amounts provided under this heading. TITLE IV DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD, N
UTRITION , ANDCONSUMER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Con-sumer Services, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food, Nutrition, and Consumer services mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office. F
OOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE  
CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), except section 21, and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.), except sections 17 and 21; $24,280,944,000 to remain available through September 30, 2019, of which such sums as are made available under section 14222(b)(1) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246), as amended by this Act, shall be merged with and available for the same time period and purposes as provided herein: Provided, That of the total amount available, $17,004,000 shall be available to carry out section 19 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.): Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount available, $25,000,000 shall be available to provide competi-tive grants to State agencies for subgrants to local educational agencies and schools to pur-chase the equipment, with a value of greater than $1,000, needed to serve healthier meals, im-prove food safety, and to help support the estab-lishment, maintenance, or expansion of the school breakfast program: Provided further, That of the total amount available, $23,000,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out section 749(g) of the Agriculture Appropria-tions Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–80): Provided further, That section 26(d) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769g(d)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2010 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2010 through 2018’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(3) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(3)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(4) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(4)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018’’. 
SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION PROGRAM FOR  
WOMEN , INFANTS , AND CHILDREN (WIC)  For necessary expenses to carry out the spe-cial supplemental nutrition program as author-ized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $6,150,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That notwithstanding section 17(h)(10) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786(h)(10)), not less than $60,000,000 shall be used for breastfeeding peer counselors and other related activities, and $13,600,000 shall be used for infrastructure: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this account shall be available for the purchase of infant formula ex-cept in accordance with the cost containment and competitive bidding requirements specified in section 17 of such Act: Provided further, That none of the funds provided shall be available for activities that are not fully reimbursed by other Federal Government departments or agencies unless authorized by section 17 of such Act: Pro-vided further, That upon termination of a feder-ally mandated vendor moratorium and subject to terms and conditions established by the Sec-retary, the Secretary may waive the requirement at 7 CFR 246.12(g)(6) at the request of a State agency. SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), $73,609,950,000, of which $3,000,000,000, to re-main available through December 31, 2019, shall be placed in reserve for use only in such amounts and at such times as may become nec-essary to carry out program operations: Pro-vided, That funds provided herein shall be ex-pended in accordance with section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $998,000 may be used to provide nutrition education services to State agencies and Federally Recognized Tribes participating in the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations: Provided further, That this appro-priation shall be subject to any work registra-tion or workfare requirements as may be re-quired by law: Provided further, That funds made available for Employment and Training under this heading shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for section 28(d)(1), section 4(b), and section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be obligated or expended in contravention of section 213A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1183A): Provided further, That, subject to sec-tion 731 of this Act, funds made available under this heading may be used to enter into contracts and employ staff to conduct studies, evalua-tions, or to conduct activities related to program integrity provided that such activities are au-thorized by the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. 
COMMODITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out disaster assistance and the Commodity Supplemental Food Program as authorized by section 4(a) of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note); the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983; special assistance for the nuclear affected islands, as authorized by sec-tion 103(f)(2) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188); and the Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as authorized by section 17(m) of the Child Nutri-tion Act of 1966, $317,139,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2019: Provided, That none of these funds shall be available to reim-burse the Commodity Credit Corporation for commodities donated to the program: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, effective with funds made available in fiscal year 2018 to support the Seniors Farm-ers’ Market Nutrition Program, as authorized by section 4402 of the Farm Security and Rural In-vestment Act of 2002, such funds shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That of the funds made available under section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)), the Secretary may use up to 10 percent for costs associated with the dis-tribution of commodities. 
NUTRITION PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary administrative expenses of the Food and Nutrition Service for carrying out any domestic nutrition assistance program, $148,541,000: Provided, That of the funds pro-vided herein, $2,000,000 shall be used for the purposes of section 4404 of Public Law 107–171, as amended by section 4401 of Public Law 110– 246. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6871 September 6, 2017 
TITLE V FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AND RELATED PROGRAMS O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR TRADE  
ANDFOREIGN AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign Agricul-tural Affairs, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to pay the salaries and expenses of up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office. F
OREIGN AGRICULTURAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Foreign Agri-cultural Service, including not to exceed $250,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved Au-gust 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $195,268,000: Pro-vided, That the Service may utilize advances of funds, or reimburse this appropriation for ex-penditures made on behalf of Federal agencies, public and private organizations and institu-tions under agreements executed pursuant to the agricultural food production assistance pro-grams (7 U.S.C. 1737) and the foreign assistance programs of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development: Provided further, That funds made available for middle-income country training programs, funds made available for the Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship program, and up to $2,000,000 of the Foreign Agricultural Service appropriation solely for the purpose of offset-ting fluctuations in international currency ex-change rates, subject to documentation by the Foreign Agricultural Service, shall remain avail-able until expended. 
FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE I DIRECT CREDIT AND  
FOOD FOR PROGRESS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the credit program of title I, Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480) and the Food for Progress Act of 1985, $149,000, shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Serv-ice Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE II GRANTS  For expenses during the current fiscal year, not otherwise recoverable, and unrecovered prior years’ costs, including interest thereon, under the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83– 480), for commodities supplied in connection with dispositions abroad under title II of said Act, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment shall in each instance notify in writing the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, the Committee on Agriculture of the House, and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate and make publicly available online the amount and use of authority in section 202(a) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1722(a)) to notwithstand the min-imum level of nonemergency assistance required by section 412(e)(2) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736f(e)(2)) not later than 15 days after the date of such action. 
MCGOVERN -DOLE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FOR EDU -
CATION AND CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAM  
GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provi-sions of section 3107 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1), $201,626,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion is authorized to provide the services, facili-ties, and authorities for the purpose of imple-menting such section, subject to reimbursement from amounts provided herein. COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION EXPORT  
(LOANS) CREDIT GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the Commodity Credit Corporation’s Export Guar-antee Program, GSM 102 and GSM 103, $6,735,000; to cover common overhead expenses as permitted by section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act and in con-formity with the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, of which $6,382,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Foreign Agricultural Service, Salaries and Expenses’’, and of which $353,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. TITLE VI RELATED AGENCIES AND FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION D
EPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Food and Drug Administration, including hire and purchase of passenger motor vehicles; for payment of space rental and related costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313 for programs and activities of the Food and Drug Administration that are funded by this Act; for rental of special purpose space in the District of Columbia or elsewhere; in addi-tion to amounts appropriated to the FDA Inno-vation Account, for carrying out the activities described in section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act (Public Law 114–255); for mis-cellaneous and emergency expenses of enforce-ment activities, authorized and approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $25,000; and notwithstanding section 521 of Public Law 107– 188; $5,145,945,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $937,434,000 shall be derived from prescription drug user fees au-thorized by 21 U.S.C. 379h, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended; $193,291,000 shall be derived from med-ical device user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $493,600,000 shall be derived from human generic drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–42, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $54,000,000 shall be derived from biosimilar biological product user fees author-ized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–52, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended; $24,142,000 shall be derived from animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–12, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $12,100,000 shall be de-rived from generic new animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–21, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $672,000,000 shall be derived from tobacco product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 387s, and shall be credited to this ac-count and remain available until expended: Pro-vided further, That in addition to and notwith-standing any other provision under this head-ing, amounts collected for prescription drug user fees, medical device user fees, human generic drug user fees, biosimilar biological product user fees, animal drug user fees, and generic new animal drug user fees that exceed the respective fiscal year 2018 limitations are appropriated and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees derived from prescription drug, med-ical device, human generic drug, biosimilar bio-logical product, animal drug, and generic new animal drug assessments for fiscal year 2018, in-cluding any such fees collected prior to fiscal year 2018 but credited for fiscal year 2018, shall be subject to the fiscal year 2018 limitations: Provided further, That the Secretary may accept payment during fiscal year 2018 of user fees specified under this heading and authorized for fiscal year 2019, prior to the due date for such fees, and that amounts of such fees assessed for fiscal year 2019 for which the Secretary accepts payment in fiscal year 2018 shall not be included in amounts under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That none of these funds shall be used to develop, establish, or operate any program of user fees authorized by 31 U.S.C. 9701: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated: (1) $1,026,803,000 shall be for the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition and related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (2) $1,634,578,000 shall be for the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and related field ac-tivities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (3) $374,233,000 shall be for the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (4) $195,349,000 shall be for the Center for Veteri-nary Medicine and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (5) $487,836,000 shall be for the Center for Devices and Radio-logical Health and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (6) $63,331,000 shall be for the National Center for Toxi-cological Research; (7) $625,646,000 shall be for the Center for Tobacco Products and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Af-fairs; (8) not to exceed $178,785,000 shall be for Rent and Related activities, of which $51,973,000 is for White Oak Consolidation, other than the amounts paid to the General Services Adminis-tration for rent; (9) not to exceed $237,871,000 shall be for payments to the General Services Administration for rent; and (10) $321,513,000 shall be for other activities, including the Office of the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Of-fice of Foods and Veterinary Medicine, the Of-fice of Medical and Tobacco Products, the Of-fice of Global and Regulatory Policy, the Office of Operations, the Office of the Chief Scientist, and central services for these offices: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000 of this amount shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to section 770(n) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(n)) shall only be from amounts made available under this heading for other activities: Provided further, That of the amounts that are made available under this heading for ‘‘other activities’’, and that are not derived from user fees, $1,500,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Office of In-spector General’’ for oversight of the programs and operations of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration and shall be in addition to funds other-wise made available for oversight of the Food and Drug Administration: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $1,500,000 shall be used by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Agriculture, for con-sumer outreach and education regarding agri-cultural biotechnology and biotechnology-de-rived food products and animal feed, including through publication and distribution of science- based educational information on the environ-mental, nutritional, food safety, economic, and humanitarian impacts of such biotechnology, food products, and feed: Provided further, That funds may be transferred from one specified ac-tivity to another with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. In addition, mammography user fees author-ized by 42 U.S.C. 263b, export certification user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 381, priority review user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360n and 360ff, food and feed recall fees, food reinspection fees, and voluntary qualified importer program fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–31, outsourcing fa-cility fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–62, pre-scription drug wholesale distributor licensing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6872 September 6, 2017 
353(e)(3), third-party logistics provider licensing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360eee–3(c)(1), third-party auditor fees author-ized by 21 U.S.C. 384d(c)(8), and medical coun-termeasure priority review voucher user fees au-thorized by 21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4a, shall be cred-ited to this account, to remain available until expended. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For plans, construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, demolition, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of or used by the Food and Drug Administration, where not oth-erwise provided, $8,771,000, to remain available until expended. INDEPENDENT AGENCIES C
OMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION  For necessary expenses to carry out the provi-sions of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), including the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and the rental of space (to include multiple year leases), in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $248,000,000, including not to exceed $3,000 for official recep-tion and representation expenses, and not to ex-ceed $25,000 for the expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory offi-cials, of which not less than $49,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, shall be for the purchase of information technology and of which not less than $2,700,000 shall be for ex-penses of the Office of the Inspector General: Provided, That notwithstanding the limitations in 31 U.S.C. 1553, amounts provided under this heading are available for the liquidation of obli-gations equal to current year payments on leases entered into prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act: Provided further, That for the purpose of recording and liquidating any lease obligations that should have been recorded and liquidated against accounts closed pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1552, and consistent with the pre-ceding proviso, such amounts shall be trans-ferred to and recorded in a new no-year account in the Treasury, which may be established for the sole purpose of recording adjustments for and liquidating such unpaid obligations: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chairman of the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission may adjust the schedule of compensation and benefits for employees if the Chairman determines that fur-loughs or reductions-in-force may result from a collective bargaining agreement. F
ARMCREDIT ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $68,600,000 (from assessments collected from farm credit institutions, including the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses as authorized under 12 U.S.C. 2249: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to expenses associated with re-ceiverships: Provided further, That the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS AND TRANSFERS OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. Within the unit limit of cost fixed by law, appropriations and authorizations made for the Department of Agriculture for the cur-rent fiscal year under this Act shall be available for the purchase, in addition to those specifi-cally provided for, of not to exceed 71 passenger motor vehicles of which 68 shall be for replace-ment only, and for the hire of such vehicles: Provided, That notwithstanding this section, the only purchase of new passenger vehicles shall be for those determined by the Secretary to be necessary for transportation safety, to reduce operational costs, and for the protection of life, property, and public safety. SEC. 702. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated by this Act or any other available unobligated discretionary balances that are remaining available of the Department of Agriculture to the Working Capital Fund for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of financial, adminis-trative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Depart-ment of Agriculture, such transferred funds to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be transferred to the Work-ing Capital Fund without the prior approval of the agency administrator: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred to the Work-ing Capital Fund pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written noti-fication to and the prior approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made avail-able to the Department’s Working Capital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to make any changes to the Department’s Na-tional Finance Center without written notifica-tion to and prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress as required by section 717 of this Act: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Capital Fund shall be available for ob-ligation or expenditure to initiate, plan, de-velop, implement, or make any changes to re-move or relocate any systems, missions, or of-fices of the Chief Financial Officer or any per-sonnel from the National Finance Center prior to written notification to and prior approval of the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress and in accordance with the require-ments of section 717 of this Act: Provided fur-ther, That of annual income amounts in the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Ag-riculture allocated for the National Finance Center, the Secretary may reserve not more than 4 percent for the replacement or acquisition of capital equipment, including equipment for the improvement and implementation of a financial management plan, information technology, and other systems of the National Finance Center or to pay any unforeseen, extraordinary cost of the National Finance Center: Provided further, That none of the amounts reserved shall be available for obligation unless the Secretary submits written notification of the obligation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That the limitations on the obligation of funds pending notification to Congressional Committees shall not apply to any obligation that, as determined by the Secretary, is necessary to respond to a declared state of emergency that significantly impacts the operations of the National Finance Center; or to evacuate employees of the National Finance Center to a safe haven to continue op-erations of the National Finance Center. S
EC. 703. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 704. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to pay negotiated indirect cost rates on cooperative agreements or similar ar-rangements between the United States Depart-ment of Agriculture and nonprofit institutions in excess of 10 percent of the total direct cost of the agreement when the purpose of such cooper-ative arrangements is to carry out programs of mutual interest between the two parties. This does not preclude appropriate payment of indi-rect costs on grants and contracts with such in-stitutions when such indirect costs are computed on a similar basis for all agencies for which ap-propriations are provided in this Act. S
EC. 705. Appropriations to the Department of Agriculture for the cost of direct and guaran-teed loans made available in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year for the following accounts: the Rural De-velopment Loan Fund program account, the Rural Electrification and Telecommunication Loans program account, and the Rural Housing Insurance Fund program account. SEC. 706. None of the funds made available to the Department of Agriculture by this Act may be used to acquire new information technology systems or significant upgrades, as determined by the Office of the Chief Information Officer, without the approval of the Chief Information Officer and the concurrence of the Executive In-formation Technology Investment Review Board: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be transferred to the Office of the Chief In-formation Officer without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, none of the funds available to the Department of Agri-culture for information technology shall be obli-gated for projects, contracts, or other agree-ments over $25,000 prior to receipt of written ap-proval by the Chief Information Officer: Pro-vided further, That the Chief Information Offi-cer may authorize an agency to obligate funds without written approval from the Chief Infor-mation Officer for projects, contracts, or other agreements up to $250,000 based upon the per-formance of an agency measured against the performance plan requirements described in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 113–235. S
EC. 707. Funds made available under section 524(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1524(b)) in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obli-gations made in the current fiscal year. S
EC. 708. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former RUS borrower that has re-paid or prepaid an insured, direct or guaranteed loan under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to re-ceive an insured or direct loan under such Act, shall be eligible for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a borrower under such Act. S
EC. 709. Except as otherwise specifically pro-vided by law, not more than $20,000,000 in unob-ligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Farm Service Agency shall remain avail-able through September 30, 2019, for information technology expenses: Provided, That except as otherwise specifically provided by law, unobli-gated balances from appropriations made avail-able for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Rural Development mission area shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for infor-mation technology expenses. S
EC. 710. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 711. In the case of each program estab-lished or amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79), other than by title I or subtitle A of title III of such Act, or programs for which indefinite amounts were provided in that Act, that is authorized or required to be carried out using funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation— (1) such funds shall be available for salaries and related administrative expenses, including technical assistance, associated with the imple-mentation of the program, without regard to the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6873 September 6, 2017 
(2) the use of such funds for such purpose shall not be considered to be a fund transfer or allotment for purposes of applying the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in such section. S
EC. 712. Of the funds made available by this Act, not more than $2,900,000 shall be used to cover necessary expenses of activities related to all advisory committees, panels, commissions, and task forces of the Department of Agri-culture, except for panels used to comply with negotiated rule makings and panels used to evaluate competitively awarded grants. S
EC. 713. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to pay indirect costs charged against any agricultural research, education, or extension grant awards issued by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture that exceed 30 percent of total Federal funds provided under each award: Provided, That notwithstanding section 1462 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3310), funds provided by this Act for grants awarded competitively by the Na-tional Institute of Food and Agriculture shall be available to pay full allowable indirect costs for each grant awarded under section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638). S
EC. 714. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and ex-penses of personnel to carry out the following: (1) The program authorized by section 14(h)(1) of the Watershed Protection and Flood Preven-tion Act (16 U.S.C. 1012(h)(1)): Provided, That the funds appropriated by section 14(h)(1) of such Act are hereby permanently cancelled; (2) The program authorized by section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107) in excess of $1,000,000; (3) The program authorized by section 9011 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111); (4) The program authorized by section 9003 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8103); and (5) The program authorized by section 524(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act, as amended (7 U.S.C. 1524(b)): Provided, That the funds made available by section 524(b) of such Act for fiscal year 2018 are hereby permanently can-celled. S
EC. 715. Notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 14222 of Public Law 110–246 (7 U.S.C. 612c–6; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 14222’’), none of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out a program under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 32’’) in ex-cess of $878,255,000 (exclusive of carryover ap-propriations from prior fiscal years), as follows: Child Nutrition Programs Entitlement Commod-ities—$465,000,000; State Option Contracts— $5,000,000; Removal of Defective Commodities— $2,500,000; Administration of Section 32 Com-modity Purchases—$35,853,000: Provided, That of the total funds made available in the matter preceding this proviso that remain unobligated on October 1, 2018, such unobligated balances shall carryover into the next fiscal year and shall remain available until expended for any of the three stated purposes of section 32, except that any such carryover funds used in accord-ance with clause (3) of section 32 may not ex-ceed $75,000,000 and may not be obligated until the Secretary of Agriculture provides written notification of the expenditures to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress at least two weeks in advance: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act shall be used for salaries and expenses to carry out in this fiscal year sub-section (i)(1)(E) of section 19 of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769a), except in an amount that ex-cludes the transfer of $125,000,000 of the funds to be transferred under subsection (c) of section 14222, until October 1, 2018: Provided further, That $125,000,000 made available on October 1, 2018, to carry out such section 19 shall be ex-cluded from the limitation described in sub-section (b)(2)(A)(x) of section 14222: Provided further, That, with the exception of any avail-able carryover funds authorized in the first pro-viso of this section to be used for the purposes of clause (3) of section 32, none of the funds ap-propriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the sala-ries or expenses of any employee of the Depart-ment of Agriculture or officer of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out clause (3) of sec-tion 32, or for any surplus removal activities or price support activities under section 5 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714c): Provided further, That the avail-able unobligated balances under (b)(2)(A)(x) of section 14222 in excess of the limitation set forth in this section, excluding amounts to be trans-ferred pursuant to the second proviso of this section, are hereby permanently rescinded. SEC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who prepare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress for programs under the jurisdiction of the Ap-propriations Subcommittees on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies that assumes reve-nues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget unless such budget submission iden-tifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the con-vening of a committee of conference for the fis-cal year 2018 appropriations Act. S
EC. 717. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any ac-counts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming, transfer of funds, or reimbursements as authorized by the Economy Act, or in the case of the Department of Agriculture, through use of the authority provided by section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257) or section 8 of Public Law 89–106 (7 U.S.C. 2263), that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes offices, programs, or activities; or (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal em-ployees; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chair-man of the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming of such funds or the use of such authority. (b) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain avail-able for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for activities, programs, or projects through a reprogramming or use of the authorities referred to in subsection (a) involving funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any ex-isting program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Con-gress; or (3) results from any general savings from a re-duction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives ap-proval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming or transfer of such funds or the use of such authority. (c) The Secretary of Agriculture, the Chair-man of the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall notify in writing and receive ap-proval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before implementing any program or activity not carried out during the previous fiscal year unless the program or activity is funded by this Act or specifically funded by any other Act. (d) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain avail-able for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for— (1) modifying major capital investments fund-ing levels, including information technology sys-tems, that involves increasing or decreasing funds in the current fiscal year for the indi-vidual investment in excess of $500,000 or 10 per-cent of the total cost, whichever is less; (2) realigning or reorganizing new, current, or vacant positions or agency activities or func-tions to establish a center, office, branch, or similar entity with five or more personnel; or (3) carrying out activities or functions that were not described in the budget request; unless the agencies funded by this Act notify, in writ-ing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of using the funds for these purposes. (e) As described in this section, no funds may be used for any activities unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services receives from the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress written or electronic mail confirmation of receipt of the notification as required in this section. S
EC. 718. Notwithstanding section 310B(g)(5) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(g)(5)), the Secretary may assess a one-time fee for any guaranteed business and industry loan in an amount that does not exceed 3 percent of the guaranteed principal portion of the loan. S
EC. 719. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Farm Credit Administration shall be used to transmit or otherwise make available reports, questions, or responses to questions that are a result of information requested for the appro-priations hearing process to any non-Depart-ment of Agriculture, non-Department of Health and Human Services, non-Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or non-Farm Credit Ad-ministration employee. S
EC. 720. Unless otherwise authorized by exist-ing law, none of the funds provided in this Act, may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States unless the story includes a clear notifica-tion within the text or audio of the prepackaged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6874 September 6, 2017 
news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 721. No employee of the Department of Agriculture may be detailed or assigned from an agency or office funded by this Act or any other Act to any other agency or office of the Depart-ment for more than 60 days in a fiscal year un-less the individual’s employing agency or office is fully reimbursed by the receiving agency or office for the salary and expenses of the em-ployee for the period of assignment. S
EC. 722. (a) Unless the Secretary of Agri-culture notifies the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full business days in advance, none of the funds made available in this Act may be used to— (1) make a grant allocation of discretionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (2) make a discretionary contract award total-ing $1,000,000 or more; (3) issue a letter of intent to make an alloca-tion or award in excess of the limits in subpara-graph (1) or (2); or (4) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation or award in excess of the limits in subparagraph (1) or (2). (b) The Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (c) The notification required by paragraph (a) and the report required by paragraph (b) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated, the ac-count and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief description of the activ-ity for which the award is made. S
EC. 723. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed spending plan by program, project, and activity for all the funds made available under this Act including appro-priated user fees, as defined in the report ac-companying this Act. S
EC. 724. Funds made available under title II of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.) may only be used to provide assistance to recipi-ent nations if adequate monitoring and controls, as determined by the Administrator, are in place to ensure that emergency food aid is received by the intended beneficiaries in areas affected by food shortages and not diverted for unauthor-ized or inappropriate purposes. S
EC. 725. The Secretary shall establish an intermediary loan packaging program based on the pilot program in effect for fiscal year 2013 for packaging and reviewing section 502 single family direct loans. The Secretary shall enter into agreements with current intermediary orga-nizations and with additional qualified inter-mediary organizations. The Secretary shall work with these organizations to increase effec-tiveness of the section 502 single family direct loan program in rural communities and shall set aside and make available from the national re-serve section 502 loans an amount necessary to support the work of such intermediaries and provide a priority for review of such loans. S
EC. 726. For loans and loan guarantees that do not require budget authority and the pro-gram level has been established in this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may increase the pro-gram level for such loans and loan guarantees by not more than 25 percent: Provided, That prior to the Secretary implementing such an in-crease, the Secretary notifies, in writing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 15 days in advance. SEC. 727. None of the credit card refunds or re-bates transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to section 729 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (7 U.S.C. 2235a; Public Law 107–76) shall be available for obligation without written notifi-cation to, and the prior approval of, the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided, That the refunds or rebates so transferred shall be available for obligation only for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of finan-cial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture. S
EC. 728. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to procure raw or proc-essed poultry products imported into the United States from the People’s Republic of China for use in the school lunch program under the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), the Child and Adult Care Food Program under section 17 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1766), the Summer Food Service Program for Children under section 13 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1761), or the school breakfast program under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.). S
EC. 729. In response to an eligible community where the drinking water supplies are inad-equate due to a natural disaster, as determined by the Secretary, including drought or severe weather, the Secretary may provide potable water through the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant Program for an additional pe-riod of time not to exceed 120 days beyond the established period provided under the Program in order to protect public health. S
EC. 730. Funds provided by this or any prior Appropriations Act for the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) shall be made available without regard to sec-tion 7128 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 3371 note), under the matching require-ments in laws in effect on the date before the date of enactment of such section: Provided, That the requirements of 7 U.S.C. 450i(b)(9) shall continue to apply. S
EC. 731. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Agri-culture, acting through the Food and Nutrition Service, to commence any new research and evaluation projects until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a research and evaluation plan for fiscal year 2018, prepared in coordina-tion with the Research, Education, and Eco-nomics mission area of the Department of Agri-culture, and a period of 30 days beginning on the date of the submission of the plan expires to permit Congressional review of the plan. S
EC. 732. In carrying out subsection (h) of sec-tion 502 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472), the Secretary of Agriculture shall have the same authority with respect to loans guar-anteed under such section and eligible lenders for such loans as the Secretary has under sub-sections (h) and (j) of section 538 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1490p–2) with respect to loans guaranteed under such section 538 and eligible lenders for such loans. S
EC. 733. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, promulgate, or implement any rule, or take any other action with respect to, allowing or requiring informa-tion intended for a prescribing health care pro-fessional, in the case of a drug or biological product subject to section 503(b)(1) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 353(b)(1)), to be distributed to such professional electronically (in lieu of in paper form) unless and until a Federal law is enacted to allow or require such distribution. S
EC. 734. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to notify a sponsor or oth-erwise acknowledge receipt of a submission for an exemption for investigational use of a drug or biological product under section 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(i)) or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)(3)) in re-search in which a human embryo is inten-tionally created or modified to include a heri-table genetic modification. Any such submission shall be deemed to have not been received by the Secretary, and the exemption may not go into effect. SEC. 735. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to carry out the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration and put into effect Novem-ber 16, 2015, in regards to the hazard analysis and risk-based preventive control requirements of the current good manufacturing practice, hazard analysis, and risk-based preventive con-trols for food for animals rule with respect to the regulation of the production, distribution, sale, or receipt of dried spent grain byproducts of the alcoholic beverage production process. S
EC. 736. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) conduct audits in a manner that evaluates the following factors in the country or region being audited, as applicable— (A) veterinary control and oversight; (B) disease history and vaccination practices; (C) livestock demographics and traceability; (D) epidemiological separation from potential sources of infection; (E) surveillance practices; (F) diagnostic laboratory capabilities; and (G) emergency preparedness and response; and (2) promptly make publicly available the final reports of any audits or reviews conducted pur-suant to subsection (1). (b) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under its international trade agreements. S
EC. 737. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any activities or incur any expense related to the issuance of licenses under section 3 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2133), or the renewal of such li-censes, to class B dealers who sell dogs and cats for use in research, experiments, teaching, or testing. S
EC. 738. No partially hydrogenated oils as de-fined in the order published by the Food and Drug Administration in the Federal Register on June 17, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 34650 et seq.) shall be deemed unsafe within the meaning of section 409(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 348(a)) and no food that is intro-duced or delivered for introduction into inter-state commerce that bears or contains a par-tially hydrogenated oil shall be deemed adulter-ated under sections 402(a)(1) or 402(a)(2)(C)(i) of this Act by virtue of bearing or containing a partially hydrogenated oil until the compliance date as specified in such order (June 18, 2018). S
EC. 739. The Secretary may charge a fee for lenders to access Department loan guarantee systems in connection with such lenders’ partici-pation in loan guarantee programs of the Rural Housing Service: Provided, That the funds col-lected from such fees shall be made available to the Secretary without further appropriation and such funds shall be deposited into the Rural De-velopment Salaries and Expense Account and shall remain available until expended for obliga-tion and expenditure by the Secretary for ad-ministrative expenses of the Rural Housing Service Loan Guarantee Program in addition to other available funds: Provided further, That such fees collected shall not exceed $50 per loan. S
EC. 740. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6875 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 741. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available for the special supple-mental nutrition program as authorized by sec-tion 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $600,000,000 are rescinded. S
EC. 742. (a)(1) No Federal funds made avail-able for this fiscal year for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq.) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water or wastewater system unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel products’’ means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other munic-ipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Secretary of Agriculture (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) or the designee of the Secretary finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities or of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Secretary or the designee receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Sec-retary or the designee shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the re-quest and information available to the Secretary or the designee concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the re-quest for at least 15 days prior to making a find-ing based on the request. The Secretary or the designee shall make the request and accom-panying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Department. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Secretary may retain up to 0.25 per-cent of the funds appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’ for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and oversight of the require-ments of this section. (f) Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to a project for which the engineering plans and specifications include use of iron and steel prod-ucts otherwise prohibited by such subsection if the plans and specifications have received re-quired approvals from State agencies prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (g) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘United States’’ and ‘‘State’’ shall include each of the several States, the District of Columbia, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. S
EC. 743. (a) For the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act through school year 2018–2019, with respect to the school lunch program established under the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) or the school breakfast program estab-lished under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.) and final regulations pub-lished by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on January 26, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 4088 et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture shall allow States to grant an exemption from the whole grain requirements that took effect on or after July 1, 2014, and the States shall estab-lish a process for evaluating and responding, in a reasonable amount of time, to requests for an exemption: Provided, That school food authori-ties demonstrate hardship, including financial hardship, in procuring specific whole grain products which are acceptable to the students and compliant with the whole grain-rich re-quirements: Provided further, That school food authorities shall comply with the applicable grain component or standard with respect to the school lunch or school breakfast program that was in effect prior to July 1, 2014. (b) For the period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act through school year 2018– 2019, none of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to implement any regulations under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.), the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 296), or any other law that would require a re-duction in the quantity of sodium contained in federally reimbursed meals, foods, and snacks sold in schools below Target 1 (as described in section 220.8(f)(3) of title 7, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or successor regulations)). (c) For the period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act through school year 2018– 2019, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall allow States to grant special exemptions for the service of flavored, low-fat fluid milk in the school lunch program established under the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) and the school breakfast program established under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.), and as a competitive food available on campus during the school day, to schools which demonstrate a reduction in student milk consumption or an increase in school milk waste. SEC. 744. Of the total amounts made available by this Act for direct loans and grants in the following headings: ‘‘Rural Housing Service— Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Ac-count’’; ‘‘Rural Housing Service—Mutual and Self-Help Housing Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Economic Infrastructure Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Housing Serv-ice—Rural Community Facilities Program Ac-count’’; ‘‘Rural Business-Cooperative Service— Rural Business Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural Business-Cooperative Service—Rural Economic Development Loans Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural Business-Cooperative Service—Rural Coopera-tive Development Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Pro-gram Account’’; and ‘‘Rural Utilities Service— Rural Electrification and Telecommunications Loans Program Account’’, at least 10 percent of the funds shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties under this section, including, notwithstanding any other provision regarding population limits, any county seat of such a persistent poverty county that has a pop-ulation that does not exceed the authorized pop-ulation limit by more than 10 percent: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘per-sistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its popu-lation living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1980, 1990, and 2000 decen-nial censuses, and 2007–2011 American Commu-nity Survey 5-year average: Provided further, That with respect to specific activities for which program levels have been made available by this Act that are not supported by budget authority, the requirements of this section shall be applied to such program level. S
EC. 745. For the purposes of determining eli-gibility or level of program assistance for Rural Development programs the Secretary shall not include incarcerated prison populations. S
EC. 746. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or in-directly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pend-ing before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. SEC. 747. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the ‘‘variety’’ requirements of the final rule entitled ‘‘Enhancing Retailer Stand-ards in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)’’ published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on Decem-ber 15, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 90675) until the Sec-retary of Agriculture amends the definition of the term ‘‘variety’’ as defined in section 278.1(b)(1)(ii)(C) of title 7, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, and ‘‘variety’’ as applied in the defini-tion of the term ‘‘staple food’’ as defined in sec-tion 271.2 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, to increase the number of items that qualify as acceptable varieties in each staple food category so that the total number of such items in each staple food category exceeds the number of such items in each staple food category included in the final rule as published on December 15, 2016: Provided, That until the Secretary promulgates such regulatory amendments, the Secretary shall apply the requirements regarding accept-able varieties and breadth of stock to Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program retailers that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). S
EC. 748. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration to develop, issue, promote, or ad-vance any regulations applicable to food manu-facturers for population-wide sodium reduction actions or to develop, issue, promote or advance final guidance applicable to food manufacturers for long term population-wide sodium reduction actions until the date on which a dietary ref-erence intake report with respect to sodium is completed. S
EC. 749. The Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary’s designees are hereby granted the same access to information and subject to the same requirements applicable to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as provided in section 453 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653) and section 6103(1)(7)(D)(ix) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 1603(1)(7)(D)(ix)) to verify the income for indi-viduals participating in sections 502, 504, 521, and 524 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1972, 1474, 1490a, and 1490r), notwithstanding section 453(l)(1) of the Social Security Act. S
EC. 750. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available to carry out section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a), $8,000,000 are re-scinded. S
EC. 751. None of the funds made available to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission by this Act or any other Act in the current fiscal year or any other fiscal year may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to lower the de minimis quantity of swap dealing estab-lished under section 1a(49)(D) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(49)(D)) to less than $8,000,000,000. S
EC. 752. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act in the current fiscal year or any other fiscal year may be used to im-plement, administer, or enforce the final rule with the regulation identifier number 0910-AG38 published by the Food and Drug Administration in the Federal Register on May 10, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 28974) with respect to traditional large and premium cigars. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘traditional large and premium cigar’’ means— (1) any roll of tobacco that is wrapped in 100 percent leaf tobacco, is bunched with 100 per-cent tobacco filler, contains no filter, tip, or non-tobacco mouthpiece, weighs at least 6 pounds per 1,000 count, and— (A) has a 100 percent leaf tobacco binder and is hand rolled; (B) has a 100 percent leaf tobacco binder and is made using human hands to lay the leaf to-bacco wrapper or binder onto only one machine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6876 September 6, 2017 
that bunches, wraps, and caps each individual cigar; or (C) has a homogenized tobacco leaf binder and is made in the United States using human hands to lay the 100 percent leaf tobacco wrap-per onto only one machine that bunches, wraps, and caps each individual cigar; and (2) is not a cigarette or a little cigar (as such terms are defined in paragraphs (3) and (11), re-spectively, of section 900 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387)). S
EC. 753. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year may, for each tobacco product which the Secretary of Health and Human Services by regulation under section 901(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387a(b)) deems to be subject to chapter IX of such Act, be used to treat— (1) any reference in sections 905(j) or 910(a) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 387e(j), 387j(a)) to February 15, 2007, as other than a reference to the effec-tive date of the regulation under which the to-bacco product is deemed to be subject to the re-quirements of such chapter pursuant to section 901(b) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 387a(b)); and (2) any reference in such sections to 21 months after the date of enactment of the Family Smok-ing Prevention and Tobacco Control Act as other than a reference to 21 months after the ef-fective date of such deeming regulation. (b)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 21 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a notice of pro-posed rulemaking to establish a product stand-ard for vapor products pursuant to section 907 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387g) to include but not limited to— (A) characterizing flavors; and (B) batteries. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall pro-mulgate a final rule pursuant to such notice. (c) A vapor product shall be deemed to be mis-branded under section 903(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387c(a)) if the advertising with respect to the vapor product is disseminated by a manufac-turer, distributor, or retailer of the product in a newspaper, magazine, periodical, or other publi-cation (including any publication of periodic or limited distribution) other than an adult publi-cation. (d)(1) A retailer may only sell any vapor prod-uct in a direct face-to-face exchange without the assistance of any electronic or mechanical device (such as a vending machine). (2) This subsection shall not apply with re-spect to sales of vapor products conducted through— (A) mail-order; or (B) a vending machine or self-service display if, with respect to the facility in which such vending machine or display is located, the re-tailer of such products ensures that no person under 18 years of age is present or permitted to enter. (3) A violation of this section is deemed to constitute a violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act relating to a tobacco product for purposes of section 303(f)(9) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 333(f)(9)). (e)(1) Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall promulgate final reg-ulations to require that the labeling of vapor products contain— (A) the phrase ‘‘Keep Out of Reach of Chil-dren’’; (B) the phrase ‘‘Underage Sale Prohibited’’; and (C) an accurate statement of the nicotine con-tent of the vapor product. (2) A vapor product whose label is in violation of the regulations required by paragraph (1) is deemed to be misbranded under section 903 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387c). (f)(1) Every person who owns or operates an establishment in any State engaged in the retail sale of a vapor product shall register that estab-lishment with the Secretary of Health and Human Services within the later of 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, or 30 days after first engaging in such retail sale. (2) The requirements of this subsection do not apply with respect to any establishment subject to an active registration under— (A) any State law relating to tobacco prod-ucts; or (B) section 905 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387e). (3) The Secretary shall make available for in-spection, to any person so requesting, any reg-istration filed under this section. (g) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘adult publication’’ means any newspaper, magazine, periodical, or other publi-cation— (A) whose readers younger than 18 years of age constitute 15 percent or less of the total readership as measured by competent and reli-able survey evidence; and (B) that is read by fewer than 2 million per-sons younger than 18 years of age as measured by competent and reliable survey evidence. (2) The terms ‘‘label’’ and ‘‘labeling’’ have the meanings given to such terms in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). (3) The term ‘‘tobacco product’’ has the mean-ing given to such term in section 201 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). (4) The term ‘‘vapor product’’— (A) means any non-combustible product that employs a heating element, power source, elec-tronic circuit, or other electronic, chemical, or mechanical means, regardless of shape or size, to produce vapor from nicotine in a solution or other form; (B) includes any electronic cigarette, elec-tronic cigar, electronic cigarillo, electronic pipe, or similar product or device, and any vapor car-tridge or other container of nicotine in a solu-tion or other form; and (C) does not include any product regulated as a drug or device by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration under chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351 et. seq.). S
EC. 754. (a) No funds shall be used to finalize the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Eligibility of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) to Export to the United States Poultry Products from Birds Slaughtered in the PRC’’ published in the Fed-eral Register by the Department of Agriculture on June 16, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 27625), unless the Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) ensure that the poultry slaughter inspec-tion system for the PRC is equivalent to that of the U.S.; (2) ensure that, before any poultry products can enter the United States from any such poul-try plant, such poultry products comply with all other applicable requirements for poultry prod-ucts in interstate commerce in the United States; (3) conduct periodic verification reviews and audits of any such plants in the PRC intending to export into the United States processed poul-try products; (4) conduct re-inspection of such poultry products at United States ports-of-entry to check the general condition of such products, for the proper certification and labeling of such products, and for any damage to such products that may have occurred during transportation; and (5) ensure that shipments of any such poultry products selected to enter the United States are subject to additional re-inspection procedures at appropriate levels to verify that the products comply with relevant Federal regulations or standards, including examinations for product defects and laboratory analyses to detect harm-ful chemical residues or pathogen testing appro-priate for the products involved. (b) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with obligations of the United States under any trade agreement to which the United States is a party. SEC. 755. None of the funds made available by this Act or funds from the Commodity Credit Corporation may be used by the Secretary of Ag-riculture or provided to the Department of De-fense to purchase, produce, or defray the costs of purchase or production of, or develop, facili-tate, expedite, or expand production of, an al-ternative fuel (under the meaning given such term by subparagraph (I) of section 32901(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code) for the Depart-ment of Defense. S
EC. 756. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy developed under Execu-tive Order 13547. S
EC. 757. For necessary expenses to carry out the activities described in section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114– 255), in addition to amounts available for such activities under the heading ‘‘Salaries and Ex-penses’’, $60,000,000, to remain available until expended, is provided for Department of Health and Human Services—Food and Drug Adminis-tration—FDA Innovation Account: Provided, That amounts appropriated by this section are appropriated pursuant to section 1002(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts trans-ferred under section 1002(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the Department of Health and Human Services solely for the activities described in section 1002(b)(4) such Act: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. S
EC. 758. For an additional amount for ‘‘Ani-mal and Plant Health Inspection Service—Sala-ries and Expenses’’, $5,500,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, for one-time con-trol and management and associate activities di-rectly related to the multiple-agency response to citrus greening. S
EC. 759. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for the cost of loans and grants con-sistent with section 243 of the Department of Ag-riculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6953), for necessary expenses of the Secretary to support projects under the healthy food financ-ing initiative that provide access to healthy food in underserved areas, to create and preserve quality jobs, and to revitalize low-income com-munities. S
EC. 760. The provisions of sections 202 and 320 of H.R. 238, One Hundred Fifteenth Con-gress (the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act’’), as passed by the House of Representatives on January 12, 2017, are hereby enacted into law, except that the amendment made by such sec-tion 320 shall be added at the end of paragraph (47) rather than (48). 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 761. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 762. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–232. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 763. $0. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6877 September 6, 2017 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2018’’. DIVISION C—COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for international trade activities of the Department of Commerce pro-vided for by law, and for engaging in trade pro-motional activities abroad, including expenses of grants and cooperative agreements for the pur-pose of promoting exports of United States firms, without regard to sections 3702 and 3703 of title 44, United States Code; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of em-ployees stationed overseas and employees tempo-rarily posted overseas; travel and transportation of employees of the International Trade Admin-istration between two points abroad, without re-gard to section 40118 of title 49, United States Code; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services; rental of space abroad for periods not exceeding 10 years, and expenses of alteration, repair, or im-provement; purchase or construction of tem-porary demountable exhibition structures for use abroad; payment of tort claims, in the man-ner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $294,300 for official representation expenses abroad; purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use abroad, not to exceed $45,000 per ve-hicle; obtaining insurance on official motor ve-hicles; and rental of tie lines, $480,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, of which $13,000,000 is to be derived from fees to be retained and used by the International Trade Administration, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided, That, of amounts provided under this heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for China antidumping and countervailing duty enforcement and com-pliance activities: Provided further, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Edu-cational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in car-rying out these activities; and that for the pur-pose of this Act, contributions under the provi-sions of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 shall include payment for assessments for services provided as part of these activities. B
UREAU OF INDUSTRY AND SECURITY  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for export administra-tion and national security activities of the De-partment of Commerce, including costs associ-ated with the performance of export administra-tion field activities both domestically and abroad; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees sta-tioned overseas; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $13,500 for official representation expenses abroad; awards of compensation to informers under the Export Administration Act of 1979, and as au-thorized by section 1(b) of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 223; 22 U.S.C. 401(b)); and pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for official use and motor vehicles for law enforcement use with special requirement vehicles eligible for pur-chase without regard to any price limitation otherwise established by law, $112,500,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities: Provided further, That payments and contributions collected and accepted for materials or services provided as part of such activities may be retained for use in covering the cost of such activities, and for pro-viding information to the public with respect to the export administration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce and other export control programs of the United States and other governments. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS  For grants for economic development assist-ance as provided by the Public Works and Eco-nomic Development Act of 1965, for trade adjust-ment assistance, and for grants authorized by section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), $140,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $17,000,000 shall be for grants under such section 27. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administering the economic development assistance programs as provided for by law, $36,000,000: Provided, That these funds may be used to monitor projects ap-proved pursuant to title I of the Public Works Employment Act of 1976, title II of the Trade Act of 1974, section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), and the Community Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1977. M
INORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  
MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Department of Commerce in fostering, promoting, and devel-oping minority business enterprise, including ex-penses of grants, contracts, and other agree-ments with public or private organizations, $34,000,000. B
UREAU OF ECONOMIC ANALYSIS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, as authorized by law, of economic and statistical analysis programs of the Department of Commerce, $96,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019. B
UREAU OF THE CENSUS  
CURRENT SURVEYS AND PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses for collecting, com-piling, analyzing, preparing and publishing sta-tistics, provided for by law, $256,000,000: Pro-vided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities: Provided further, That the Bureau of the Census shall collect and analyze data for the Annual Social and Economic Sup-plement to the Current Population Survey using the same health insurance questions included in previous years, in addition to the revised ques-tions implemented in the Current Population Survey beginning in February 2014. 
PERIODIC CENSUSES AND PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for collecting, com-piling, analyzing, preparing and publishing sta-tistics for periodic censuses and programs pro-vided for by law, $1,251,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing ac-tivities: Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $2,580,000 shall be trans-ferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ ac-count for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That not more than 50 percent of the amounts made available under this heading for information technology related to 2020 census delivery, including the Census Enterprise Data Collection and Proc-essing (CEDCaP) program, may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan for expenditure that: (1) identifies for each CEDCaP project/investment over $25,000: (A) the functional and performance capabilities to be delivered and the mission ben-efits to be realized; (B) the estimated lifecycle cost, including estimates for development as well as maintenance and operations; and (C) key milestones to be met; (2) details for each project/ investment: (A) reasons for any cost and sched-ule variances; and (B) top risks and mitigation strategies; and (3) has been submitted to the Government Accountability Office. NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND  I
NFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, as provided for by law, of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), $30,000,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1535(d), the Secretary of Commerce shall charge Federal agencies for costs incurred in spectrum management, analysis, operations, and related services, and such fees shall be retained and used as offsetting collections for costs of such spectrum services, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce is authorized to retain and use as off-setting collections all funds transferred, or pre-viously transferred, from other Government agencies for all costs incurred in telecommuni-cations research, engineering, and related ac-tivities by the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences of NTIA, in furtherance of its assigned functions under this paragraph, and such funds received from other Government agencies shall remain available until expended. 
PUBLIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES , 
PLANNING AND CONSTRUCTION  For the administration of prior-year grants, recoveries and unobligated balances of funds previously appropriated are available for the administration of all open grants until their ex-piration. U
NITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided for by law, including defense of suits instituted against the Under Secretary of Commerce for In-tellectual Property and Director of the USPTO, $3,500,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law are received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided fur-ther, That during fiscal year 2018, should the total amount of such offsetting collections be less than $3,500,000,000 this amount shall be re-duced accordingly: Provided further, That any amount received in excess of $3,500,000,000 in fis-cal year 2018 and deposited in the Patent and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Director of USPTO shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate for any amounts made available by the preceding proviso and such spending plan shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obliga-tion or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Pro-vided further, That any amounts reprogrammed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6878 September 6, 2017 
in accordance with the preceding proviso shall be transferred to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ ac-count: Provided further, That from amounts provided herein, not to exceed $900 shall be made available in fiscal year 2018 for official re-ception and representation expenses: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2018 from the amounts made available for ‘‘Salaries and Ex-penses’’ for the USPTO, the amounts necessary to pay (1) the difference between the percentage of basic pay contributed by the USPTO and em-ployees under section 8334(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the normal cost percentage (as defined by section 8331(17) of that title) as pro-vided by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) for USPTO’s specific use, of basic pay, of employees subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 of that title, and (2) the present value of the otherwise unfunded accruing costs, as deter-mined by OPM for USPTO’s specific use of post- retirement life insurance and post-retirement health benefits coverage for all USPTO employ-ees who are enrolled in Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) and Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI), shall be trans-ferred to the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund, the FEGLI Fund, and the FEHB Fund, as appropriate, and shall be available for the authorized purposes of those accounts: Pro-vided further, That any differences between the present value factors published in OPM’s yearly 300 series benefit letters and the factors that OPM provides for USPTO’s specific use shall be recognized as an imputed cost on USPTO’s fi-nancial statements, where applicable: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, all fees and surcharges assessed and collected by USPTO are available for USPTO only pursuant to section 42(c) of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 22 of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112–29): Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $2,000,000 shall be trans-ferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ ac-count for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the USPTO. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  T
ECHNOLOGY  
SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL RESEARCH AND  
SERVICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $660,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be trans-ferred to the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’: Pro-vided, That not to exceed $5,000 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses: Pro-vided further, That NIST may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate re-search fellowship program participants. 
INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES  For necessary expenses for industrial tech-nology services, $105,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $100,000,000 shall be for the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Part-nership, and of which $5,000,000 shall be for the National Network for Manufacturing Innova-tion. 
CONSTRUCTION OF RESEARCH FACILITIES  For construction of new research facilities, in-cluding architectural and engineering design, and for renovation and maintenance of existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278c–278e), $100,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in the budget justification materials that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Depart-ment of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology construction project having a total multi-year program cost of more than $5,000,000, and simultaneously the budget justification ma-terials shall include an estimate of the budg-etary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS , RESEARCH , AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of activities author-ized by law for the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, including mainte-nance, operation, and hire of aircraft and ves-sels; grants, contracts, or other payments to nonprofit organizations for the purposes of con-ducting activities pursuant to cooperative agree-ments; and relocation of facilities, $3,240,199,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, ex-cept that funds provided for cooperative en-forcement shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That fees and dona-tions received by the National Ocean Service for the management of national marine sanctuaries may be retained and used for the salaries and expenses associated with those activities, not-withstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in addition, $144,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the fund entitled ‘‘Promote and Develop Fishery Products and Research Pertaining to American Fisheries’’, which shall only be used for fishery activities related to the Saltonstall-Kennedy Grant Program, Cooperative Research, Annual Stock Assessments, Survey and Monitoring Projects, Interjurisdictional Fisheries Grants, and Fish Information Networks: Provided fur-ther, That of the $3,411,699,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $3,240,199,000 is appropriated from the general fund, $144,000,000 is provided by transfer and $27,500,000 is derived from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any de-viation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accompanying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds pro-vided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That in addition, for necessary retired pay expenses under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protec-tion and Survivor Benefits Plan, and for pay-ments for the medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act (10 U.S.C. ch. 55), such sums as may be necessary. 
PROCUREMENT , ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For procurement, acquisition and construction of capital assets, including alteration and modi-fication costs, of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, $1,643,110,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020, except that funds provided for acquisition and con-struction of vessels and construction of facilities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the $1,656,110,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $1,643,110,000 is appropriated from the general fund and $13,000,000 is provided from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any de-viation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accompanying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds pro-vided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in budget justification materials that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Depart-ment of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Oceanic and Atmospheric Admin-istration procurement, acquisition or construc-tion project having a total of more than $5,000,000 and simultaneously the budget jus-tification shall include an estimate of the budg-etary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, within the amounts appropriated, $1,302,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for activities associ-ated with carrying out investigations and audits related to satellite procurement, acquisition and construction. PACIFIC COASTAL SALMON RECOVERY  For necessary expenses associated with the restoration of Pacific salmon populations, $65,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds provided herein, the Secretary of Commerce may issue grants to the States of Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Alaska, and to the Federally recognized tribes of the Columbia River and Pacific Coast (including Alaska), for projects necessary for conservation of salmon and steelhead populations that are listed as threatened or endangered, or that are identified by a State as at-risk to be so listed, for main-taining populations necessary for exercise of tribal treaty fishing rights or native subsistence fishing, or for conservation of Pacific coastal salmon and steelhead habitat, based on guide-lines to be developed by the Secretary of Com-merce: Provided further, That all funds shall be allocated based on scientific and other merit principles and shall not be available for mar-keting activities: Provided further, That funds disbursed to States shall be subject to a match-ing requirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of at least 33 percent of the Fed-eral funds. 
FISHERMEN ’S CONTINGENCY FUND  For carrying out the provisions of title IV of Public Law 95–372, not to exceed $350,000, to be derived from receipts collected pursuant to that Act, to remain available until expended. 
FISHERIES DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For the necessary expenses associated with the mitigation of fishery disasters, $20,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds shall be used for mitigating the effects of commercial fishery failures and fishery resource disasters as declared by the Secretary of Com-merce in 2017. 
FISHERIES FINANCE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018, obli-gations of direct loans may not exceed $24,000,000 for Individual Fishing Quota loans and not to exceed $100,000,000 for traditional di-rect loans as authorized by the Merchant Ma-rine Act of 1936. D
EPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the management of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, including not to exceed $4,500 for official reception and representation, $58,000,000. 
RENOVATION AND MODERNIZATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the renovation and modernization of the Herbert C. Hoover Build-ing, $1,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the Secretary of Com-merce may transfer up to $8,224,000 to this ac-count from funds available to the Department of Commerce: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in the first proviso is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the authority provided under this heading shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6879 September 6, 2017 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $32,744,000. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  C
OMMERCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. During the current fiscal year, appli-cable appropriations and funds made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act shall be available for the activities specified in the Act of October 26, 1949 (15 U.S.C. 1514), to the extent and in the manner prescribed by the Act, and, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3324, may be used for advanced payments not otherwise au-thorized only upon the certification of officials designated by the Secretary of Commerce that such payments are in the public interest. S
EC. 102. During the current fiscal year, ap-propriations made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act for salaries and ex-penses shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902). S
EC. 103. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Commerce in this Act may be transferred between such appropria-tions, but no such appropriation shall be in-creased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogram-ming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expendi-ture except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall notify the Com-mittees on Appropriations at least 15 days in ad-vance of the acquisition or disposal of any cap-ital asset (including land, structures, and equip-ment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the De-partment of Commerce. S
EC. 104. The requirements set forth by section 105 of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), as amended by section 105 of title I of division B of Public Law 113–6, are hereby adopted by reference and made applicable with respect to fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the life cycle cost for the Joint Polar Satellite Sys-tem is $11,322,125,000 and the life cycle cost for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R-Series Program is $10,828,059,000. S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may furnish services (in-cluding but not limited to utilities, telecommuni-cations, and security services) necessary to sup-port the operation, maintenance, and improve-ment of space that persons, firms, or organiza-tions are authorized, pursuant to the Public Buildings Cooperative Use Act of 1976 or other authority, to use or occupy in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Washington, DC, or other buildings, the maintenance, operation, and pro-tection of which has been delegated to the Sec-retary from the Administrator of General Serv-ices pursuant to the Federal Property and Ad-ministrative Services Act of 1949 on a reimburs-able or non-reimbursable basis. Amounts re-ceived as reimbursement for services provided under this section or the authority under which the use or occupancy of the space is authorized, up to $200,000, shall be credited to the appro-priation or fund which initially bears the costs of such services. S
EC. 106. Nothing in this title shall be con-strued to prevent a grant recipient from deter-ring child pornography, copyright infringement, or any other unlawful activity over its net-works. S
EC. 107. The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is au-thorized to use, with their consent, with reim-bursement and subject to the limits of available appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States, or of any State, local government, Indian tribal government, Territory, or possession, or of any political subdivision thereof, or of any foreign government or international organization, for purposes related to carrying out the responsibil-ities of any statute administered by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. SEC. 108. The National Technical Information Service shall not charge any customer for a copy of any report or document generated by the Leg-islative Branch unless the Service has provided information to the customer on how an elec-tronic copy of such report or document may be accessed and downloaded for free online. Should a customer still require the Service to provide a printed or digital copy of the report or document, the charge shall be limited to recov-ering the Service’s cost of processing, reproduc-ing, and delivering such report or document. S
EC. 109. To carry out the responsibilities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration (NOAA), the Administrator of NOAA is authorized to: (1) enter into grants and coopera-tive agreements with; (2) use on a non-reimburs-able basis land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities provided by; and (3) receive and expend funds made available on a consensual basis from: a Federal agency, State or subdivi-sion thereof, local government, tribal govern-ment, territory, or possession or any subdivi-sions thereof: Provided, That funds received for permitting and related regulatory activities pur-suant to this section shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration—Operations, Research, and Facilities’’ and shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for such purposes: Provided further, That all funds within this section and their corresponding uses are subject to section 505 of this Act. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Commerce Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE G
ENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the administration of the Department of Justice, $89,000,000, of which not to exceed $4,000,000 for security and construction of Department of Justice facilities shall remain available until expended. 
JUSTICE INFORMATION SHARING TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information shar-ing technology, including planning, develop-ment, deployment and departmental direction, $30,941,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Attorney General may trans-fer up to $35,400,000 to this account, from funds available to the Department of Justice for infor-mation technology, to remain available until ex-pended, for enterprise-wide information tech-nology initiatives: Provided further, That the transfer authority in the preceding proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority con-tained in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the first proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the administration of immigration-related activities of the Executive Office for Immigration Review, $504,500,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the Executive Office for Immigration Re-view fees deposited in the ‘‘Immigration Exami-nations Fee’’ account: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $35,000,000 of the total amount made avail-able under this heading shall remain available until expended. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $95,583,000, including not to ex-ceed $10,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character. U
NITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States Parole Commission as authorized, $13,000,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, upon the expiration of a term of office of a Commissioner, the Commissioner may continue to act until a successor has been ap-pointed. L
EGAL ACTIVITIES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , GENERAL LEGAL  
ACTIVITIES  For expenses necessary for the legal activities of the Department of Justice, not otherwise pro-vided for, including not to exceed $20,000 for ex-penses of collecting evidence, to be expended under the direction of, and to be accounted for solely under the certificate of, the Attorney General; the administration of pardon and clem-ency petitions; and rent of private or Govern-ment-owned space in the District of Columbia, $897,500,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 for litigation support contracts shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided for INTERPOL Washington dues payments, not to exceed $685,000 shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,000 shall be available to INTERPOL Washington for official reception and represen-tation expenses: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated, such sums as may be nec-essary shall be available to the Civil Rights Di-vision for salaries and expenses associated with the election monitoring program under section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10305) and to reimburse the Office of Personnel Management for such salaries and expenses: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading for the election monitoring program, $3,390,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, for reimbursement of expenses of the Department of Justice associated with proc-essing cases under the National Childhood Vac-cine Injury Act of 1986, not to exceed $10,000,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , ANTITRUST DIVISION  For expenses necessary for the enforcement of antitrust and kindred laws, $163,980,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improve-ments Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection (and estimated to be $126,000,000 in fiscal year 2018), shall be re-tained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $37,980,000. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , UNITED STATES  
ATTORNEYS  For necessary expenses of the Offices of the United States Attorneys, including inter-govern-mental and cooperative agreements, $2,057,252,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,200 shall be available for official reception and represen-tation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each United States Attorney shall establish or participate in a task force on human trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6880 September 6, 2017 
UNITED STATES TRUSTEE SYSTEM FUND  For necessary expenses of the United States Trustee Program, as authorized, $225,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, deposits to the United States Trustee Sys-tem Fund and amounts herein appropriated shall be available in such amounts as may be necessary to pay refunds due depositors: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees collected pursuant to sec-tion 589a(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That to the extent that fees collected in fiscal year 2018, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due deposi-tors, exceed $225,000,000, those excess amounts shall be available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tions Acts: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced (1) as such fees are received during fis-cal year 2018, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, (estimated at $135,000,000) and (2) to the extent that any re-maining general fund appropriations can be de-rived from amounts deposited in the Fund in previous fiscal years that are not otherwise ap-propriated, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund esti-mated at $90,000,000. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , FOREIGN CLAIMS  
SETTLEMENT COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the activi-ties of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commis-sion, including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,374,000. 
FEES AND EXPENSES OF WITNESSES  For fees and expenses of witnesses, for ex-penses of contracts for the procurement and su-pervision of expert witnesses, for private counsel expenses, including advances, and for expenses of foreign counsel, $270,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which not to exceed $16,000,000 is for construction of buildings for protected witness safesites; not to exceed $3,000,000 is for the purchase and maintenance of armored and other vehicles for witness secu-rity caravans; and not to exceed $13,000,000 is for the purchase, installation, maintenance, and upgrade of secure telecommunications equip-ment and a secure automated information net-work to store and retrieve the identities and lo-cations of protected witnesses: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may not be transferred pursuant to section 205 of this Act. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , COMMUNITY RELATIONS  
SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Community Re-lations Service, $15,000,000: Provided, That not-withstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a de-termination by the Attorney General that emer-gent circumstances require additional funding for conflict resolution and violence prevention activities of the Community Relations Service, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to the Community Relations Service, from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a re-programming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expendi-ture except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
ASSETS FORFEITURE FUND  For expenses authorized by subparagraphs (B), (F), and (G) of section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code, $20,514,000, to be derived from the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund. UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States Marshals Service, $1,255,000,000, of which not to exceed $6,000 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended. 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction in space controlled, occupied or utilized by the United States Marshals Serv-ice for prisoner holding and related support, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FEDERAL PRISONER DETENTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses related to United States prisoners in the custody of the United States Marshals Service as authorized by section 4013 of title 18, United States Code, $1,536,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed $20,000,000 shall be considered ‘‘funds appropriated for State and local law enforcement assistance’’ pursuant to section 4013(b) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Marshals Service shall be responsible for managing the Justice Prisoner and Alien Trans-portation System: Provided further, That any unobligated balances available from funds ap-propriated under the heading ‘‘General Admin-istration, Detention Trustee’’ shall be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriation under this heading. N
ATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to carry out the activi-ties of the National Security Division, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 for information technology systems shall remain available until expended: Provided, That not-withstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a de-termination by the Attorney General that emer-gent circumstances require additional funding for the activities of the National Security Divi-sion, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to this heading from available appro-priations for the current fiscal year for the De-partment of Justice, as may be necessary to re-spond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. I
NTERAGENCY LAWENFORCEMENT  
INTERAGENCY CRIME AND DRUG ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for the identification, investigation, and prosecution of individuals as-sociated with the most significant drug traf-ficking organizations, transnational organized crime, and money laundering organizations not otherwise provided for, to include inter-govern-mental agreements with State and local law en-forcement agencies engaged in the investigation and prosecution of individuals involved in transnational organized crime and drug traf-ficking, $526,000,000, of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That any amounts obligated from appropriations under this heading may be used under authori-ties available to the organizations reimbursed from this appropriation. F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for detection, investigation, and prosecution of crimes against the United States, $8,814,747,000, of which not to exceed $216,900,000 shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed $184,500 shall be available for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses, to include the cost of equipment, furniture, and information tech-nology requirements, related to construction or acquisition of buildings, facilities and sites by purchase, or as otherwise authorized by law; conversion, modification and extension of feder-ally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects; and operation and mainte-nance of secure work environment facilities and secure networking capabilities; $51,895,000, to re-main available until expended. D
RUGENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Drug Enforce-ment Administration, including not to exceed $70,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a con-fidential character pursuant to section 530C of title 28, United States Code; and expenses for conducting drug education and training pro-grams, including travel and related expenses for participants in such programs and the distribu-tion of items of token value that promote the goals of such programs, $2,164,051,000, of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended and not to exceed $90,000 shall be available for official reception and represen-tation expenses. B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS AND  E
XPLOSIVES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, for training of State and local law enforcement agencies with or without reimbursement, includ-ing training in connection with the training and acquisition of canines for explosives and fire accelerants detection; and for provision of lab-oratory assistance to State and local law en-forcement agencies, with or without reimburse-ment, $1,293,776,000, of which not to exceed $36,000 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the payment of attorneys’ fees as provided by section 924(d)(2) of title 18, United States Code, and not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That none of the funds ap-propriated herein shall be available to inves-tigate or act upon applications for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under section 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to investigate and act upon applications filed by corporations for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under section 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That no funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to transfer the functions, missions, or activities of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to other agencies or Depart-ments. F
EDERAL PRISON SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Federal Prison System for the administration, operation, and maintenance of Federal penal and correctional institutions, and for the provision of technical assistance and advice on corrections related issues to foreign governments, $7,070,248,000: Provided, That the Attorney General may trans-fer to the Department of Health and Human Services such amounts as may be necessary for direct expenditures by that Department for med-ical relief for inmates of Federal penal and cor-rectional institutions: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Prison System, where necessary, may enter into contracts with a fiscal agent or fiscal intermediary claims proc-essor to determine the amounts payable to per-sons who, on behalf of the Federal Prison Sys-tem, furnish health services to individuals com-mitted to the custody of the Federal Prison Sys-tem: Provided further, That not to exceed $5,400 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6881 September 6, 2017 
shall be available for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available for necessary operations until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided for contract confinement, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended to make payments in advance for grants, contracts and reimbursable agreements, and other expenses: Provided further, That the Di-rector of the Federal Prison System may accept donated property and services relating to the operation of the prison card program from a not-for-profit entity which has operated such program in the past, notwithstanding the fact that such not-for-profit entity furnishes services under contracts to the Federal Prison System re-lating to the operation of pre-release services, halfway houses, or other custodial facilities. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For planning, acquisition of sites and con-struction of new facilities; purchase and acqui-sition of facilities and remodeling, and equip-ping of such facilities for penal and correctional use, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account; and con-structing, remodeling, and equipping necessary buildings and facilities at existing penal and correctional institutions, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account, $95,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That labor of United States prisoners may be used for work performed under this appropriation. 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  The Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, is hereby authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing au-thority available, and in accord with the law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as pro-vided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  Not to exceed $2,700,000 of the funds of the Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, shall be available for its administrative expenses, and for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, to be computed on an ac-crual basis to be determined in accordance with the corporation’s current prescribed accounting system, and such amounts shall be exclusive of depreciation, payment of claims, and expendi-tures which such accounting system requires to be capitalized or charged to cost of commodities acquired or produced, including selling and shipping expenses, and expenses in connection with acquisition, construction, operation, main-tenance, improvement, protection, or disposition of facilities and other property belonging to the corporation or in which it has an interest. S
TATE AND LOCAL LAWENFORCEMENT  A
CTIVITIES  O
FFICE ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN  
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN PREVENTION AND  
PROSECUTION PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance for the prevention and prosecution of violence against women, as au-thorized by the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.) (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–386) (‘‘the 2000 Act’’); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22) (‘‘the 2015 Act’’); and for related victims serv-ices, $527,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That except as otherwise pro-vided by law, not to exceed 5 percent of funds made available under this heading may be used for expenses related to evaluation, training, and technical assistance: Provided further, That of the amount provided— (1) $215,000,000 is for grants to combat violence against women, as authorized by part T of the 1968 Act; (2) $30,000,000 is for transitional housing as-sistance grants for victims of domestic violence, dating violence, stalking, or sexual assault as authorized by section 40299 of the 1994 Act; (3) $3,500,000 is for the National Institute of Justice for research and evaluation of violence against women and related issues addressed by grant programs of the Office on Violence Against Women, which shall be transferred to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for ad-ministration by the Office of Justice Programs; (4) $11,000,000 is for a grant program to pro-vide services to advocate for and respond to youth victims of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking; assistance to children and youth exposed to such violence; programs to engage men and youth in pre-venting such violence; and assistance to middle and high school students through education and other services related to such violence: Pro-vided, That unobligated balances available for the programs authorized by sections 41201, 41204, 41303, and 41305 of the 1994 Act, prior to its amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be avail-able for this program: Provided further, That 10 percent of the total amount available for this grant program shall be available for grants under the program authorized by section 2015 of the 1968 Act: Provided further, That the defini-tions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; (5) $53,000,000 is for grants to encourage arrest policies as authorized by part U of the 1968 Act, of which $4,000,000 is for a homicide reduction initiative; (6) $35,000,000 is for sexual assault victims as-sistance, as authorized by section 41601 of the 1994 Act; (7) $35,000,000 is for rural domestic violence and child abuse enforcement assistance grants, as authorized by section 40295 of the 1994 Act; (8) $20,000,000 is for grants to reduce violent crimes against women on campus, as authorized by section 304 of the 2005 Act; (9) $45,000,000 is for legal assistance for vic-tims, as authorized by section 1201 of the 2000 Act; (10) $5,000,000 is for enhanced training and services to end violence against and abuse of women in later life, as authorized by section 40802 of the 1994 Act; (11) $16,000,000 is for grants to support fami-lies in the justice system, as authorized by sec-tion 1301 of the 2000 Act: Provided, That unobli-gated balances available for the programs au-thorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act and sec-tion 41002 of the 1994 Act, prior to their amend-ment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program; (12) $6,000,000 is for education and training to end violence against and abuse of women with disabilities, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2000 Act; (13) $500,000 is for the National Resource Cen-ter on Workplace Responses to assist victims of domestic violence, as authorized by section 41501 of the 1994 Act; (14) $1,000,000 is for analysis and research on violence against Indian women, including as authorized by section 904 of the 2005 Act: Pro-vided, That such funds may be transferred to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for ad-ministration by the Office of Justice Programs; (15) $500,000 is for a national clearinghouse that provides training and technical assistance on issues relating to sexual assault of American Indian and Alaska Native women; (16) $4,000,000 is for grants to assist tribal gov-ernments; (17) $45,000,000 for victim services programs for victims of trafficking, as authorized by section 107(b)(2) of Public Law 106–386, for programs authorized under Public Law 109–164, or pro-grams authorized under Public Law 113–4; and (18) $1,500,000 for the purposes authorized under the 2015 Act. OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS  
RESEARCH , EVALUATION AND STATISTICS  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107– 296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); and other programs, $83,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $44,500,000 is for criminal justice statistics programs, and other activities, as authorized by part C of title I of the 1968 Act; and (2) $38,500,000 is for research, development, and evaluation programs, and other activities as authorized by part B of title I of the 1968 Act and subtitle D of title II of the 2002 Act. 
STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the Vic-tims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–386); the NICS Improve-ment Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 180); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act of 2001 (Public Law 107–12); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199); the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for In-tellectual Property Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 403); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Violence Against Women Reau-thorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198) (‘‘CARA’’); and other programs, $1,143,500,000, to remain available until expended as follows— (1) $500,000,000 for the Edward Byrne Memo-rial Justice Assistance Grant program as author-ized by subpart 1 of part E of title I of the 1968 Act (except that section 1001(c), and the special rules for Puerto Rico under section 505(g) of title I of the 1968 Act shall not apply for purposes of this Act), of which, notwithstanding such sub-part 1, $10,000,000 is for the Officer Robert Wil-son III Memorial Initiative on Preventing Vio-lence Against Law Enforcement Officer Resil-ience and Survivability (VALOR), $4,000,000 is for use by the National Institute of Justice for research targeted toward developing a better un-derstanding of the domestic radicalization phe-nomenon, and advancing evidence-based strate-gies for effective intervention and prevention, $2,000,000 is for a program to improve juvenile indigent defense, $2,400,000 is for the operationalization, maintenance and expansion of the National Missing and Unidentified Per-sons System, $10,000,000 is for competitive and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6882 September 6, 2017 
evidence-based programs to reduce gun crime and gang violence, $2,500,000 is for the Capital Litigation Improvement Grant Program, as au-thorized by section 426 of Public Law 108–405 and for grants for wrongful conviction review, $15,500,000 is for prison rape prevention and prosecution grants to States and units of local government, and other programs, as authorized by the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–79), and $10,000,000 is for white collar crime prevention grants, including as au-thorized by section 401 of Public Law 110–403; (2) $220,000,000 for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, as authorized by section 241(i)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)(5)): Provided, That no jurisdic-tion shall request compensation for any cost greater than the actual cost for Federal immi-gration and other detainees housed in State and local detention facilities; (3) $20,000,000 for sex offender management assistance, as authorized by the Adam Walsh Act, and related activities; (4) $22,500,000 for the matching grant program for law enforcement armor vests, as authorized by section 2501 of title I of the 1968 Act; (5) $1,000,000 for the National Sex Offender Public Website; (6) $73,000,000 for grants to States to upgrade criminal and mental health records for the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem; (7) $125,000,000 for DNA-related and forensic programs and activities, of which— (A) $117,000,000 is for a DNA analysis and ca-pacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities, in-cluding the purposes authorized under section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–546) (the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program): Provided, That up to 4 percent of funds made available under this paragraph may be used for the purposes de-scribed in the DNA Training and Education for Law Enforcement, Correctional Personnel, and Court Officers program (Public Law 108–405, section 303); (B) $4,000,000 is for the purposes described in the Kirk Bloodsworth Post-Conviction DNA Testing Grant Program (Public Law 108–405, section 412); and (C) $4,000,000 is for Sexual Assault Forensic Exam Program grants, including as authorized by section 304 of Public Law 108–405; (8) $9,000,000 for the court-appointed special advocate program, as authorized by section 217 of the 1990 Act; (9) $118,000,000 for comprehensive opioid abuse reduction activities, including as authorized by CARA, and for the following programs, which shall address opioid abuse reduction consistent with underlying program authorities— (A) $43,000,000 for Drug Courts, as authorized by section 1001(a)(25)(A) of title I of the 1968 Act; (B) $12,000,000 for mental health courts and adult and juvenile collaboration program grants, as authorized by parts V and HH of title I of the 1968 Act; (C) $12,000,000 for grants for Residential Sub-stance Abuse Treatment for State Prisoners, as authorized by part S of title I of the 1968 Act; (D) $7,000,000 for a veterans treatment courts program; and (E) $14,000,000 for a program to monitor pre-scription drugs and scheduled listed chemical products; (10) $10,000,000 for emergency law enforcement assistance for events occurring during or after fiscal year 2018, as authorized by section 609M of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10501; Public Law 98–473); and (11) $45,000,000 for the Comprehensive School Safety Initiative: Provided, That, if a unit of local government uses any of the funds made available under this heading to increase the number of law enforce-ment officers, the unit of local government will achieve a net gain in the number of law enforce-ment officers who perform non-administrative public sector safety service. 
JUVENILE JUSTICE PROGRAMS  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance, the following amounts are made available until expended— (1) $75,000,000 for youth mentoring grants; (2) $21,000,000 for programs authorized by the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990; (3) $72,500,000 for missing and exploited chil-dren programs, including as authorized by sec-tions 404(b) and 405(a) of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (except that section 102(b)(4)(B) of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401) shall not apply for purposes of this Act); and (4) $2,000,000 for child abuse training pro-grams for judicial personnel and practitioners, as authorized by section 222 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER BENEFITS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments and expenses authorized under section 1001(a)(4) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, such sums as are necessary (including amounts for admin-istrative costs), to remain available until ex-pended; and $16,300,000 for payments authorized by section 1201(b) of such Act and for edu-cational assistance authorized by section 1218 of such Act, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require ad-ditional funding for such disability and edu-cation payments, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Public Safety Officer Benefits’’ from available appropriations for the Department of Justice as may be necessary to re-spond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. C
OMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES  
COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES  
PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance, the following amounts are made available until expended: Provided, That any balances made available through prior year deobligations shall only be available in accord-ance with section 505 of this Act— (1) $11,000,000 for anti-methamphetamine-re-lated activities, which shall be transferred to the Drug Enforcement Administration upon enact-ment of this Act; (2) $10,000,000 is for activities authorized by the POLICE Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–199); (3) $65,000,000 for initiatives to improve police- community relations, as described in the report accompanying this Act; (4) $68,000,000 for offender reentry programs and research, as authorized by the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199), with-out regard to the time limitations specified at section 6(1) of such Act, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 is for Children of Incarcerated Par-ents Demonstrations to enhance and maintain parental and family relationships for incarcer-ated parents as a reentry or recidivism reduction strategy, and $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants focusing on girls in the juvenile justice system; (5) $45,000,000 for a grant program for commu-nity-based sexual assault response reform; and (6) $35,000,000 is for regional information sharing activities, as authorized by part M of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this title for official reception and representation expenses, a total of not to exceed $50,000 from funds appropriated to the Department of Justice in this title shall be avail-able to the Attorney General for official recep-tion and representation expenses. S
EC. 202. None of the funds appropriated by this title shall be available to pay for an abor-tion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Provided, That should this prohibition be declared unconstitu-tional by a court of competent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. S
EC. 203. None of the funds appropriated under this title shall be used to require any per-son to perform, or facilitate in any way the per-formance of, any abortion. S
EC. 204. Nothing in the preceding section shall remove the obligation of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to provide escort services nec-essary for a female inmate to receive such serv-ice outside the Federal facility: Provided, That nothing in this section in any way diminishes the effect of section 203 intended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of the Bureau of Prisons. S
EC. 205. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice in this Act may be transferred between such appropria-tions, but no such appropriation, except as oth-erwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available under this title may be used by the Federal Bu-reau of Prisons or the United States Marshals Service for the purpose of transporting an indi-vidual who is a prisoner pursuant to conviction for crime under State or Federal law and is clas-sified as a maximum or high security prisoner, other than to a prison or other facility certified by the Federal Bureau of Prisons as appro-priately secure for housing such a prisoner. S
EC. 207. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by Federal prisons to purchase cable television services, or to rent or purchase audiovisual or electronic media or equipment used primarily for recreational pur-poses. (b) Subsection (a) does not preclude the rent-al, maintenance, or purchase of audiovisual or electronic media or equipment for inmate train-ing, religious, or educational programs. S
EC. 208. None of the funds made available under this title shall be obligated or expended for any new or enhanced information tech-nology program having total estimated develop-ment costs in excess of $100,000,000, unless the Deputy Attorney General and the investment re-view board certify to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the information technology pro-gram has appropriate program management con-trols and contractor oversight mechanisms in place, and that the program is compatible with the enterprise architecture of the Department of Justice. S
EC. 209. The notification thresholds and pro-cedures set forth in section 505 of this Act shall apply to deviations from the amounts designated for specific activities in this Act and in the re-port accompanying this Act, and to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this title in previous years. S
EC. 210. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, con-tinue, finish, process, or approve a public-pri-vate competition under the Office of Manage-ment and Budget Circular A–76 or any successor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6883 September 6, 2017 
administrative regulation, directive, or policy for work performed by employees of Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated. S
EC. 211. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds shall be available for the sal-ary, benefits, or expenses of any United States Attorney assigned dual or additional respon-sibilities by the Attorney General or his designee that exempt that United States Attorney from the residency requirements of section 545 of title 28, United States Code. S
EC. 212. At the discretion of the Attorney General, and in addition to any amounts that otherwise may be available (or authorized to be made available) by law, with respect to funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’, ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’, and ‘‘Juvenile Justice Programs’’— (1) up to 3 percent of funds made available to the Office of Justice Programs for grant or reim-bursement programs may be used by such Office to provide training and technical assistance; and (2) up to 3 percent of funds made available for grant or reimbursement programs under such headings, except for amounts appropriated spe-cifically for research, evaluation, or statistical programs administered by the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, shall be transferred to and merged with funds provided to the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, to be used by them for research, evaluation, or statistical pur-poses, without regard to the authorizations for such grant or reimbursement programs. S
EC. 213. In addition to any amounts that oth-erwise may be available (or authorized to be made available) by law, 7 percent of funds made available for grant or reimbursement programs— (1) under the heading ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’ (except for funds made available under paragraph (2) under such head-ing); and (2) under the headings ‘‘Juvenile Justice Pro-grams’’ (except for funds made available under paragraph (3) under such heading) and ‘‘Com-munity Oriented Policing Services Programs’’, to be transferred to and merged with funds made available under the heading ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’, shall be available for assistance to Indian tribes without regard to the authorizations for such grant or reimbursement programs. S
EC. 214. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, section 20109(a) of subtitle A of title II of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforce-ment Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13709(a)) shall not apply to amounts made available by this or any other Act. S
EC. 215. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act, for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, other than for the national instant criminal background check system established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note), may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Fed-eral law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel, unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the fire-arm at all times. S
EC. 216. (a) None of the income retained in the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be avail-able for obligation during fiscal year 2018, ex-cept up to $40,000,000 may be obligated for im-plementation of a unified Department of Justice financial management system. (b) Not to exceed $30,000,000 of the unobli-gated balances transferred to the capital ac-count of the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogram-ming of funds under section 505 of this Act. (c) Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the excess un-obligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2018, and any use, obligation, transfer or alloca-tion of such funds shall be treated as a re-programming of funds under section 505 of this Act. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Justice Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III SCIENCE OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POLICY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in carrying out the purposes of the National Science and Tech-nology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and represen-tation expenses, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $5,544,000. N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE A
DMINISTRATION  
SCIENCE  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of science research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility plan-ning and design; space flight, spacecraft con-trol, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor, as au-thorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and pur-chase, lease, charter, maintenance, and oper-ation of mission and administrative aircraft, $5,858,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That the formulation and development costs (with development cost as defined under section 30104 of title 51, United States Code) for the James Webb Space Tele-scope shall not exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided further, That should the individual identified under subsection (c)(2)(E) of section 30104 of title 51, United States Code, as responsible for the James Webb Space Telescope determine that the development cost of the program is likely to exceed that limitation, the individual shall im-mediately notify the Administrator and the in-crease shall be treated as if it meets the 30 per-cent threshold described in subsection (f) of sec-tion 30104: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided, $495,000,000 is for an orbiter and a lander to meet the science goals for the Jupiter Europa mission as outlined in the most recent planetary science decadal survey: Pro-vided further, That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall use the Space Launch System as the launch vehicles for the Jupiter Europa mission, plan for an orbiter launch no later than 2022 and a lander launch no later than 2024, and include in the fiscal year 2019 budget the 5-year funding profile nec-essary to achieve these goals. 
AERONAUTICS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of aero-nautics research and development activities, in-cluding research, development, operations, sup-port, and services; maintenance and repair, fa-cility planning and design; space flight, space-craft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances there-for, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; pur-chase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and op-eration of mission and administrative aircraft, $660,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. SPACE TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of space technology research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activi-ties; program management; personnel and re-lated costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $686,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
EXPLORATION  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of explo-ration research and development activities, in-cluding research, development, operations, sup-port, and services; maintenance and repair, fa-cility planning and design; space flight, space-craft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances there-for, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; pur-chase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and op-eration of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,550,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not less than $1,350,000,000 shall be for the Orion Multi-Pur-pose Crew Vehicle: Provided further, That not less than $2,150,000,000 shall be for the Space Launch System (SLS) launch vehicle, which shall have a lift capability not less than 130 metric tons and which shall have core elements and an Exploration Upper Stage developed si-multaneously: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for SLS, not less than $300,000,000 shall be for Exploration Upper Stage development: Provided further, That $600,000,000 shall be for exploration ground sys-tems: Provided further, That the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, concurrent with the annual budget submission, a 5-year budget profile for an integrated budget that includes the Space Launch System, the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, and associ-ated ground systems, that will meet the Explo-ration Mission 2 (EM–2) management agreement launch date of no later than 2021 at a success level equal to the Agency Baseline Commitment for EM–2 of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Ve-hicle: Provided further, That $450,000,000 shall be for exploration research and development. 
SPACE OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of space operations research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support and services; space flight, spacecraft control and communications activities, includ-ing operations, production, and services; main-tenance and repair, facility planning and de-sign; program management; personnel and re-lated costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,676,634,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
EDUCATION  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of aero-space and aeronautical education research and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6884 September 6, 2017 
development activities, including research, de-velopment, operations, support, and services; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances there-for, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; pur-chase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and op-eration of mission and administrative aircraft, $90,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $18,000,000 shall be for the Ex-perimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research and $40,000,000 shall be for the Na-tional Space Grant College and Fellowship Pro-gram. 
SAFETY , SECURITY AND MISSION SERVICES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, in the conduct and support of science, aeronautics, space technology, exploration, space operations and education research and development activities, including research, de-velopment, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program manage-ment; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; not to exceed $63,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $2,826,200,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
CONSTRUCTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  
AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for construction of fa-cilities including repair, rehabilitation, revital-ization, and modification of facilities, construc-tion of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, facility planning and design, and res-toration, and acquisition or condemnation of real property, as authorized by law, and envi-ronmental compliance and restoration, $486,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That proceeds from leases de-posited into this account shall be available for a period of 5 years to the extent and in amounts as provided in annual appropriations Acts: Pro-vided further, That such proceeds referred to in the preceding proviso shall be available for obli-gation for fiscal year 2018 in an amount not to exceed $9,470,300: Provided further, That each annual budget request shall include an annual estimate of gross receipts and collections and proposed use of all funds collected pursuant to section 20145 of title 51, United States Code. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,900,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Funds for any announced prize otherwise au-thorized shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until a prize is claimed or the offer is withdrawn. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers, except that ‘‘Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration’’ may be increased up to 20 percent by such trans-fers. Balances so transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a reprogram-ming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The spending plan required by this Act shall be provided by NASA at the theme, program, project and activity level. The spending plan, as well as any subsequent change of an amount es-tablished in that spending plan that meets the notification requirements of section 505 of this Act, shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compli-ance with the procedures set forth in that sec-tion. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION  
RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES  For necessary expenses in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.); services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; main-tenance and operation of aircraft and purchase of flight services for research support; acquisi-tion of aircraft; and authorized travel; $6,033,645,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $544,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for polar research and operations sup-port, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for operational and science support and logistical and other related activities for the United States Antarctic program: Provided, That receipts for scientific support services and materials furnished by the National Research Centers and other National Science Foundation supported research facilities may be credited to this appropriation. 
MAJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES  
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for the acquisition, construction, commissioning, and upgrading of major research equipment, facilities, and other such capital assets pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including authorized travel, $77,800,000, to remain available until expended. 
EDUCATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES  For necessary expenses in carrying out science, mathematics and engineering education and human resources programs and activities pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, authorized travel, and rent-al of conference rooms in the District of Colum-bia, $880,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
AGENCY OPERATIONS AND AWARD MANAGEMENT  For agency operations and award manage-ment necessary in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.); services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia; and reim-bursement of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for security guard services; $328,510,000: Provided, That not to exceed $8,280 is for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That contracts may be entered into under this heading in fiscal year 2018 for main-tenance and operation of facilities and for other services to be provided during the next fiscal year. 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD  For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, and the employment of experts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) involved in carrying out section 4 of the National Science Founda-tion Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863) and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.), $4,370,000: Pro-vided, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be avail-able for official reception and representation ex-penses. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, $15,200,000, of which $400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Science Foundation in this Act may be transferred between such appropria-tions, but no such appropriation shall be in-creased by more than 15 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this para-graph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The Director of the National Science Founda-tion shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 30 days in advance of the acqui-sition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appro-priating funds for the National Science Founda-tion. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Science Appro-priations Act, 2018’’. TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES C
OMMISSION ON CIVILRIGHTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Commission on Civil Rights, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $9,183,000: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to employ any individuals under Schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations exclusive of one special assistant for each Commissioner: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used to reimburse Com-missioners for more than 75 billable days, with the exception of the chairperson, who is per-mitted 125 billable days: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this para-graph shall be used for any activity or expense that is not explicitly authorized by section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U.S.C. 1975a). E
QUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission as authorized by title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990, section 501 of the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) of 2008 (Public Law 110–233), the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–325), and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–2), including services as au-thorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles as au-thorized by section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code; nonmonetary awards to private citizens; and up to $29,500,000 for payments to State and local enforcement agencies for author-ized services to the Commission, $363,807,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to make available for official reception and rep-resentation expenses not to exceed $2,250 from available funds: Provided further, That the Chair is authorized to accept and use any gift or donation to carry out the work of the Com-mission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6885 September 6, 2017 
INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the International Trade Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $92,500,000, to remain available until expended. L
EGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  For payment to the Legal Services Corpora-tion to carry out the purposes of the Legal Serv-ices Corporation Act of 1974, $300,000,000, of which $267,000,000 is for basic field programs and required independent audits; $5,000,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, of which such amounts as may be necessary may be used to conduct additional audits of recipients; $19,000,000 is for management and grants over-sight; $4,000,000 is for client self-help and infor-mation technology; $4,000,000 is for a Pro Bono Innovation Fund; and $1,000,000 is for loan re-payment assistance: Provided, That the Legal Services Corporation may continue to provide locality pay to officers and employees at a rate no greater than that provided by the Federal Government to Washington, DC-based employ-ees as authorized by section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding section 1005(d) of the Legal Services Corporation Act (42 U.S.C. 2996(d)): Provided further, That the au-thorities provided in section 205 of this Act shall be applicable to the Legal Services Corporation: Provided further, That, for the purposes of sec-tion 505 of this Act, the Legal Services Corpora-tion shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —LEGAL SERVICES  
CORPORATION  None of the funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be ex-pended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be sub-ject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2017 and 2018, respec-tively. M
ARINE MAMMAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Marine Mam-mal Commission as authorized by title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.), $3,431,000. O
FFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE  R
EPRESENTATIVE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the United States Trade Representative, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and the em-ployment of experts and consultants as author-ized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $53,000,000, of which $1,000,000 shall re-main available until expended: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $124,000 shall be avail-able for official reception and representation ex-penses. 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For activities of the United States Trade Rep-resentative authorized by section 611 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4405), including transfers, $15,000,000, to be derived from the Trade En-forcement Trust Fund: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to subsection (d)(1) of such section shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act. STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the State Justice In-stitute, as authorized by the State Justice Insti-tute Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10701 et seq.) $5,111,000, of which $500,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be available for offi-cial reception and representation expenses: Pro-vided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the State Justice Institute shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 502. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 503. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, pursuant to sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expendi-tures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. S
EC. 504. If any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remain-der of the Act and the application of each provi-sion to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid shall not be affected thereby. S
EC. 505. None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropria-tions Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expendi-ture in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any ac-counts in the Treasury of the United States de-rived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a re-programming of funds that: (1) creates or initi-ates a new program, project or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project or activity; (3) in-creases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices, programs or activities; (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; (7) augments existing programs, projects or activities in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, or re-duces by 10 percent funding for any program, project or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent; or (8) results from any general sav-ings, including savings from a reduction in per-sonnel, which would result in a change in exist-ing programs, projects or activities as approved by Congress; unless the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. S
EC. 506. (a) If it has been finally determined by a court or Federal agency that any person intentionally affixed a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription, or any inscription with the same meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in the United States, the person shall be ineligible to receive any contract or subcontract made with funds made available in this Act, pursuant to the debarment, suspension, and ineligibility procedures described in sections 9.400 through 9.409 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. (b)(1) To the extent practicable, with respect to authorized purchases of promotional items, funds made available by this Act shall be used to purchase items that are manufactured, pro-duced, or assembled in the United States, its ter-ritories or possessions. (2) The term ‘‘promotional items’’ has the meaning given the term in OMB Circular A–87, Attachment B, Item (1)(f)(3). SEC. 507. (a) The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Science Foundation, and the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations at the account level. For unobligated, uncommitted balances and unobligated, committed balances the quar-terly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of ap-propriation from which the balances were de-rived. For balances that are obligated, but unex-pended, the quarterly reports shall separately identify amounts by the year of obligation. (b) The report described in subsection (a) shall be submitted within 30 days of the end of each quarter. (c) If a department or agency is unable to ful-fill any aspect of a reporting requirement de-scribed in subsection (a) due to a limitation of a current accounting system, the department or agency shall fulfill such aspect to the maximum extent practicable under such accounting system and shall identify and describe in each quar-terly report the extent to which such aspect is not fulfilled. S
EC. 508. Any costs incurred by a department or agency funded under this Act resulting from, or to prevent, personnel actions taken in re-sponse to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available to such department or agen-cy: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a re-programming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the pro-cedures set forth in that section: Provided fur-ther, That for the Department of Commerce, this section shall also apply to actions taken for the care and protection of loan collateral or grant property. S
EC. 509. None of the funds provided by this Act shall be available to promote the sale or ex-port of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or to-bacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to pay the salaries and ex-penses of personnel of the Department of Justice to obligate more than $4,632,000,000 during fiscal year 2018 from the fund established by section 1402 of Public Law 98–473 (42 U.S.C. 10601): Pro-vided, That notwithstanding such section 1402(d), of the amounts available from the Fund for obligation, 5 percent shall be available for grants to Indian tribal governments to improve services and justice for victims of crime. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available to the Department of Justice in this Act may be used to discriminate against or denigrate the re-ligious or moral beliefs of students who partici-pate in programs for which financial assistance is provided from those funds, or of the parents or legal guardians of such students. S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 513. Any funds provided in this Act used to implement E-Government Initiatives shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6886 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 514. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, or the National Science Founda-tion to acquire a high-impact or moderate-im-pact information system, as defined for security categorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Federal In-formation Processing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categorization of Fed-eral Information and Information Systems’’ un-less the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the in-formation systems against criteria developed by NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to inform acquisition decisions for high- impact and moderate-impact information sys-tems within the Federal Government; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and rel-evant threat information provided by the FBI and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the FBI or other ap-propriate Federal entity, conducted an assess-ment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, including any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, in-cluding but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Federation. (b) None of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate-impact in-formation system reviewed and assessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in subsection (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST, the FBI, and supply chain risk management ex-perts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the FBI, that the acquisition of such system is in the national interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate and the agency In-spector General. S
EC. 515. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used in any way whatsoever to support or justify the use of torture by any offi-cial or contract employee of the United States Government. S
EC. 516. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law or treaty, in fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act or any other Act may be expended or obligated by a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States to pay adminis-trative expenses or to compensate an officer or employee of the United States in connection with requiring an export license for the export to Canada of components, parts, accessories or attachments for firearms listed in Category I, section 121.1 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions (International Trafficking in Arms Regu-lations (ITAR), part 121, as it existed on April 1, 2005) with a total value not exceeding $500 wholesale in any transaction, provided that the conditions of subsection (b) of this section are met by the exporting party for such articles. (b) The foregoing exemption from obtaining an export license— (1) does not exempt an exporter from filing any Shipper’s Export Declaration or notification letter required by law, or from being otherwise eligible under the laws of the United States to possess, ship, transport, or export the articles enumerated in subsection (a); and (2) does not permit the export without a li-cense of— (A) fully automatic firearms and components and parts for such firearms, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; (B) barrels, cylinders, receivers (frames) or complete breech mechanisms for any firearm listed in Category I, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Mu-nicipal Government of Canada; or (C) articles for export from Canada to another foreign destination. (c) In accordance with this section, the Dis-trict Directors of Customs and postmasters shall permit the permanent or temporary export with-out a license of any unclassified articles speci-fied in subsection (a) to Canada for end use in Canada or return to the United States, or tem-porary import of Canadian-origin items from Canada for end use in the United States or re-turn to Canada for a Canadian citizen. (d) The President may require export licenses under this section on a temporary basis if the President determines, upon publication first in the Federal Register, that the Government of Canada has implemented or maintained inad-equate import controls for the articles specified in subsection (a), such that a significant diver-sion of such articles has and continues to take place for use in international terrorism or in the escalation of a conflict in another nation. The President shall terminate the requirements of a license when reasons for the temporary require-ments have ceased. SEC. 517. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, no department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States receiving appro-priated funds under this Act or any other Act shall obligate or expend in any way such funds to pay administrative expenses or the compensa-tion of any officer or employee of the United States to deny any application submitted pursu-ant to 22 U.S.C. 2778(b)(1)(B) and qualified pur-suant to 27 CFR section 478.112 or .113, for a permit to import United States origin ‘‘curios or relics’’ firearms, parts, or ammunition. S
EC. 518. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to include in any new bi-lateral or multilateral trade agreement the text of— (1) paragraph 2 of article 16.7 of the United States–Singapore Free Trade Agreement; (2) paragraph 4 of article 17.9 of the United States–Australia Free Trade Agreement; or (3) paragraph 4 of article 15.9 of the United States–Morocco Free Trade Agreement. S
EC. 519. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize or issue a na-tional security letter in contravention of any of the following laws authorizing the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation to issue national security letters: The Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978; The Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986; The Fair Credit Reporting Act; The National Security Act of 1947; USA PATRIOT Act; USA FREEDOM Act of 2015; and the laws amended by these Acts. S
EC. 520. If at any time during any quarter, the program manager of a project within the ju-risdiction of the Departments of Commerce or Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, or the National Science Founda-tion totaling more than $75,000,000 has reason-able cause to believe that the total program cost has increased by 10 percent or more, the pro-gram manager shall immediately inform the re-spective Secretary, Administrator, or Director. The Secretary, Administrator, or Director shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations within 30 days in writing of such increase, and shall include in such notice: the date on which such determination was made; a statement of the reasons for such increases; the action taken and proposed to be taken to control future cost growth of the project; changes made in the performance or schedule milestones and the degree to which such changes have contrib-uted to the increase in total program costs or procurement costs; new estimates of the total project or procurement costs; and a statement validating that the project’s management struc-ture is adequate to control total project or pro-curement costs. SEC. 521. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence or intelligence related ac-tivities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 522. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the con-tractor or grantee has filed all Federal tax re-turns required during the three years preceding the certification, has not been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and has not, more than 90 days prior to certification, been notified of any un-paid Federal tax assessment for which the liabil-ity remains unsatisfied, unless the assessment is the subject of an installment agreement or offer in compromise that has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service and is not in default, or the assessment is the subject of a non-frivo-lous administrative or judicial proceeding. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 523. (a) Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available to the De-partment of Commerce, the following funds are hereby rescinded, not later than September 30, 2018, from the following accounts in the speci-fied amounts— (1) ‘‘Economic Development Administration, Economic Development Assistance Programs’’, $47,000,000; and (2) ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, Operations, Research, and Facili-ties’’, $20,000,000. (b) Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby rescinded, not later than September 30, 2018, from the following accounts in the specified amounts— (1) ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’, $409,834,000; (2) ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation, Salaries and Expenses’’, $195,000,000 from fees collected to defray expenses for the automation of finger-print identification and criminal justice infor-mation services and associated costs; (3) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Activi-ties, Office on Violence Against Women, Vio-lence Against Women Prevention and Prosecu-tion Programs’’, $17,500,000; (4) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Activi-ties, Office of Justice Programs’’, $60,000,000; (5) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Activi-ties, Community Oriented Policing Services’’, $17,500,000; (6) ‘‘Legal Activities, Assets Forfeiture Fund’’, $304,000,000 is permanently rescinded; and (7) ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation, Salaries and Expenses’’, $53,365,000. (c) The Departments of Commerce and Justice shall submit to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report no later than September 1, 2018, specifying the amount of each rescission made pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), and the De-partment of Justice shall ensure that sufficient balances are available in the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’ to rescind the amount specified in sub-section (b) and shall transfer unobligated bal-ances from discretionary appropriations (except from ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation, Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Fees and Expenses of Wit-nesses’’, ‘‘Public Safety Officer Benefits’’, and amounts that were designated by the Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6887 September 6, 2017 
as an emergency or disaster relief requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or section 251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) made available in this Act to the Depart-ment into the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’ if nec-essary to meet the amount specified in sub-section (b) and this transfer authority is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. S
EC. 524. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to purchase first class or premium airline travel in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41 of the Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 525. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 employees from a Federal department or agency, who are stationed in the United States, at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless such conference is a law enforcement training or operational conference for law en-forcement personnel and the majority of Federal employees in attendance are law enforcement personnel stationed outside the United States. S
EC. 526. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. S
EC. 527. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effec-tive control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is lo-cated at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective con-trol of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 528. The Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall instruct any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving funds appropriated under this Act to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts and include in its annual per-formance plan and performance and account-ability reports the following: (1) Details on future action the department, agency, or instrumentality will take to resolve undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (2) The method that the department, agency, or instrumentality uses to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (3) Identification of undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts that may be returned to the Treasury of the United States. (4) In the preceding 3 fiscal years, details on the total number of expired grant accounts with undisbursed balances (on the first day of each fiscal year) for the department, agency, or in-strumentality and the total finances that have not been obligated to a specific project remain-ing in the accounts. S
EC. 529. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) or the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) to develop, design, plan, promulgate, implement, or execute a bilateral policy, pro-gram, order, or contract of any kind to partici-pate, collaborate, or coordinate bilaterally in any way with China or any Chinese-owned company unless such activities are specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to effectuate the hosting of of-ficial Chinese visitors at facilities belonging to or utilized by NASA. (c) The limitations described in subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to activities which NASA or OSTP, after consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, have cer-tified— (1) pose no risk of resulting in the transfer of technology, data, or other information with na-tional security or economic security implications to China or a Chinese-owned company; and (2) will not involve knowing interactions with officials who have been determined by the United States to have direct involvement with violations of human rights. (d) Any certification made under subsection (c) shall be submitted to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, no later than 30 days prior to the activity in question and shall include a descrip-tion of the purpose of the activity, its agenda, its major participants, and its location and tim-ing. SEC. 530. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act, for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if— (1) all other requirements of law with respect to the proposed importation are met; and (2) no application for the importation of such model of shotgun, in the same configuration, had been denied by the Attorney General prior to January 1, 2011, on the basis that the shot-gun was not particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes. S
EC. 531. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, adjudication, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-related activ-ity. S
EC. 532. The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, the National Science Foundation, the Commission on Civil Rights, the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission, the Inter-national Trade Commission, the Legal Services Corporation, the Marine Mammal Commission, the Offices of Science and Technology Policy and the United States Trade Representative, and the State Justice Institute shall submit spending plans, signed by the respective depart-ment or agency head, to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 533. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to imple-ment the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 534. The Department of Commerce, the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, and the National Science Foundation shall provide a quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on any official travel to China by any employee of such Department or agency, including the purpose of such travel. SEC. 535. Of the amounts made available by this Act, not less than 10 percent of each total amount provided, respectively, for Public Works grants authorized by the Public Works and Eco-nomic Development Act of 1965 and grants au-thorized by section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722) shall be allocated for assistance in per-sistent poverty counties: Provided, That for pur-poses of this section, the term ‘‘persistent pov-erty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Es-timates. S
EC. 536. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve the registration or renewal of, or maintain the registration of, a mark, trade name, or commercial name, under the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide for the reg-istration and protection of trademarks used in commerce, to carry out the provisions of certain international conventions, and for other pur-poses’’, approved July 6, 1946 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Trademark Act of 1946’’; 15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.), including the receipt or ac-ceptance of post-registration affidavits or dec-larations, where such mark, trade name, or com-mercial name is the same or substantially similar to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that was used in connection with a business or assets that were confiscated, as that term is defined in section 4(4) of the Cuban Liberty and Demo-cratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023(4)), unless the original owner of the mark, trade name, or commercial name, or the bona-fide successor-in-interest has expressly consented. S
EC. 537. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a person licensed under section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to report information to the Department of Jus-tice regarding the sale of multiple rifles or shot-guns to the same person. S
EC. 538. (a) A State may bring a civil action against the United States in an appropriate United States district court for such declaratory and injunctive relief (including preliminary in-junctive relief) as may be necessary to restore the sovereignty reserved to the States by the Constitution. It shall be duty of the courts of the United States to advance on the docket and to expedite to the greatest possible extent the disposition of any such action. (b) This section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and continue in effect through all fiscal years thereafter. S
EC. 539. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to relocate the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) Canine Training Center or the ATF Na-tional Canine Division. S
EC. 540. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into a civil settle-ment agreement on behalf of the United States that includes a term requiring that any dona-tion be made to any non-party by any party-de-fendant to such agreement. S
EC. 541. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the designation of any area of the Chesapeake Bay watershed as critical habitat for the Atlantic Sturgeon pursuant to the proposed rule pub-lished June 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 35701). S
EC. 542. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for the ‘‘collection of information’’, as defined in the Paperwork Re-duction Act (44 U.S.C. § 3502(3)(A)), from em-ployers relating to employees’ earnings and hours worked, as set forth in and designated as Component 2 by the notice published by the Commission on July 14, 2016, in the Federal Reg-ister (81 Fed. Reg. 45479), or for any final ‘‘col-lection of information’’ related to such earnings and hours worked and to such notice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6888 September 6, 2017 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 543. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 544. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–231. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 545. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION D—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Departmental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Freedman’s Bank Building; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commercial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official busi-ness; executive direction program activities; international affairs and economic policy activi-ties; domestic finance and tax policy activities, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasury-wide management policies and programs activities, $201,751,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this head-ing— (1) not to exceed $350,000 is for official recep-tion and representation expenses; (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allo-cated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate; and (3) not to exceed $24,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for— (A) the Treasury-wide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization re-quirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administration of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical Infra-structure Protection and Compliance Policy, in-cluding entering into cooperative agreements; (E) operations and maintenance of facilities; and (F) international operations. 
OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the necessary expenses of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence to safe-guard the financial system against illicit use and to combat rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction proliferators, money launderers, drug kingpins, and other national security threats, $123,000,000: Provided, That of the amount ap-propriated under this heading: (1) up to $28,000,000 may be transferred to the Depart-mental Offices Salaries and Expenses appropria-tion and shall be available for administrative support to the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence; and (2) up to $5,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACCOUNT  For salaries and expenses for enhanced cyber-security for systems operated by the Department of the Treasury, $27,264,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury offices and bureaus for cybersecurity: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer of the individual offices and bureaus shall submit a spend plan for each investment to the Treas-ury Chief Information Officer for approval: Pro-vided further, That the submitted spend plan shall be reviewed and approved by the Treasury Chief Information Officer prior to the obligation of funds under this heading: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading $1,000,000 shall be available for ad-ministrative expenses for the Treasury Chief In-formation Officer to provide oversight of the in-vestments made under this heading: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury Chief Information Officer. 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE SYSTEMS AND CAPITAL  
INVESTMENTS PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For development and acquisition of automatic data processing equipment, software, and serv-ices and for repairs and renovations to buildings owned by the Department of the Treasury, $3,077,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That these funds shall be transferred to accounts and in amounts as nec-essary to satisfy the requirements of the Depart-ment’s offices, bureaus, and other organiza-tions: Provided further, That this transfer au-thority shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to support or supplement ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Operations Sup-port’’ or ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Business Systems Modernization’’. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $34,112,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential na-ture, to be allocated and expended under the di-rection of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for audits and investigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustain-ability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX  
ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Treasury In-spector General for Tax Administration in car-rying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, including purchase and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Inspector General for Tax Administration; $165,113,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall be available for official travel expenses; of which not to exceed $500,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General for Tax Administration; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for offi-cial reception and representation expenses. SPECIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE TROUBLED  
ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabiliza-tion Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–343), $37,044,000. F
INANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training ex-penses of non-Federal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training con-cerned with domestic and foreign financial in-telligence activities, law enforcement, and fi-nancial regulation; services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to exceed $10,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses; and for as-sistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $115,003,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. T
REASURY FORFEITURE FUND 
(RESCISSION)  Of the unobligated balances available under this heading, $876,000,000 are hereby perma-nently rescinded not later than September 30, 2018. 
(INCLUDING RETURN OF FUNDS)  In addition, of amounts in the Treasury For-feiture Fund, $38,800,000 from funds paid to the United States Government by BNP Paribas S.A. as part of, or related to, a plea agreement dated June 27, 2014, entered into between the Depart-ment of Justice and BNP Paribas S.A., and sub-ject to a consent order entered by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on May 1, 2015, in United States v. BNPP, No. 14 Cr. 460 (S.D.N.Y.), are hereby re-turned to the general fund of the Treasury. B
UREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $330,837,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020, is for information systems modernization initiatives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to reimburse ad-ministrative and personnel expenses for finan-cial management of the Fund, as authorized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. A
LCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE BUREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out section 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles, $111,439,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; not to exceed $50,000 for cooperative research and development programs for laboratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimburse-ment: Provided, That of the amount appro-priated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accelerating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided fur-ther, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for the costs associated with enforcement of the trade prac-tice provisions of the Federal Alcohol Adminis-tration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). U
NITED STATES MINT 
UNITED STATES MINT PUBLIC ENTERPRISE FUND  Pursuant to section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, the United States Mint is provided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs associated with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6889 September 6, 2017 
production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided, That the aggregate amount of new li-abilities and obligations incurred during fiscal year 2018 under such section 5136 for circulating coinage and protective service capital invest-ments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $30,000,000. C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL  I
NSTITUTIONS FUNDPROGRAM ACCOUNT  To carry out the Riegle Community Develop-ment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103–325), in-cluding services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for indi-viduals not to exceed the per diem rate equiva-lent to the rate for EX–3, $190,000,000. Of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not less than $137,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)) with regard to Small and/or Emerging Community Development Financial Institutions Assistance awards, and section 108(d) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(d)) shall not apply with respect to financial assistance in the form of direct loans, is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance and technical as-sistance under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 108(a)(1), respectively, of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1)(A) and (B)), of which up to $5,896,000 may be used for the cost of direct loans, and of which up to $3,000,000, subsection (d) of section 108 of Public Law 103– 325 (12 U.S.C. 4707 (d)) shall not apply to the use of such funds, may be available to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, train-ing and outreach to community development fi-nancial institutions to expand investments that benefit individuals with disabilities: Provided, That the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $50,000,000; (2) not less than $15,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)), is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical assistance, train-ing and outreach programs designed to benefit Native American, Native Hawaiian, and Native Alaskan communities and provided primarily through qualified community development lend-er organizations with experience and expertise in community development banking and lending in Indian country, Native American organiza-tions, tribes and tribal organizations, and other suitable providers; (3) not less than $15,000,000 is available until September 30, 2019, for the Bank Enterprise Award program; (4) up to $23,000,000 is available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for administrative expenses, in-cluding administration of CDFI fund programs and the New Markets Tax Credit Program, of which not less than $1,000,000 is for development of tools to better assess and inform CDFI invest-ment performance, and up to $300,000 is for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program; and (5) during fiscal year 2018, none of the funds available under this heading are available for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, of commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Reg-ulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided, That commitments to guar-antee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That such section 114A shall remain in effect until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That of the funds awarded under this heading, not less than 10 percent shall be used for awards that support investments that serve populations living in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decen-nial censuses and the most recent series of 5- year data available from the American Commu-nity Survey from the Census Bureau. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Rev-enue Service to provide taxpayer services, in-cluding pre-filing assistance and education, fil-ing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,315,754,000, of which $8,890,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program; of which $12,000,000 shall be available for low-income taxpayer clinic grants; of which $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return prepa-ration assistance, of which not less than $206,000,000 shall be available for operating ex-penses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Pro-vided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for identity theft casework. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for tax enforcement activities of the Internal Revenue Service to de-termine and collect owed taxes, to provide legal and litigation support, to conduct criminal in-vestigations, to enforce criminal statutes related to violations of internal revenue laws and other financial crimes, to purchase and hire passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)), and to pro-vide other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $4,810,000,000, of which not to ex-ceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which not less than $60,257,000 shall be for the Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement program. 
OPERATIONS SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Internal Rev-enue Service to support taxpayer services and enforcement programs, including rent payments; facilities services; printing; postage; physical se-curity; headquarters and other IRS-wide admin-istration activities; research and statistics of in-come; telecommunications; information tech-nology development, enhancement, operations, maintenance, and security; the hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); the operations of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board; and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner; $3,850,189,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for acquisition of equipment and con-struction, repair and renovation of facilities; of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for research; of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses: Pro-vided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and sched-ule performance for its major information tech-nology investments, including the purpose and life-cycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further, That the Internal Revenue Service shall include, in its budget jus-tification for fiscal year 2019, a summary of cost and schedule performance information for its major information technology systems. BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Rev-enue Service’s business systems modernization program, $110,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for the capital asset acquisi-tion of information technology systems, includ-ing management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs associated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comp-troller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for CADE 2 and Return Renew Program information technology investments, including the purposes and life- cycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INTERNAL REVENUE  
SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the In-ternal Revenue Service may be transferred to any other Internal Revenue Service appropria-tion upon the advance approval of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. S
EC. 102. The Internal Revenue Service shall maintain an employee training program, which shall include the following topics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, cross-cultural relations, ethics, and the impar-tial application of tax law. S
EC. 103. The Internal Revenue Service shall institute and enforce policies and procedures that will safeguard the confidentiality of tax-payer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. S
EC. 104. Funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be available for improved facilities and in-creased staffing to provide sufficient and effec-tive 1–800 help line service for taxpayers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improve-ments to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to tax-payer communications, particularly with regard to victims of tax-related crimes. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available to the Internal Revenue Service by this Act may be used to make a video unless the Service-Wide Video Editorial Board determines in advance that making the video is appropriate, taking into account the cost, topic, tone, and purpose of the video. S
EC. 106. The Internal Revenue Service shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer making employ-ment tax payments, and such notice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new ad-dress and an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offer-in-compromise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Internal Rev-enue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6890 September 6, 2017 
Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs. S
EC. 109. None of funds made available by this Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be ob-ligated or expended on conferences that do not adhere to the procedures, verification processes, documentation requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Office, and Agency-Wide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report pub-lished on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/Self- Employed Division’s Conference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be obligated or expended— (1) to make a payment to any employee under a bonus, award, or recognition program; or (2) under any hiring or personnel selection process with respect to re-hiring a former em-ployee, unless such program or process takes into account the conduct and Federal tax com-pliance of such employee or former employee. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relat-ing to confidentiality and disclosure of returns and return information). S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to implement or enforce section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, section 6055 of such Code, section 1502(c) of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), or any amendments made by section 1502(b) of such Act. S
EC. 113. Except to the extent provided in sec-tion 6014, 6020, or 6201(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, no funds in this or any other Act shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to any person a proposed final return or statement for use by such person to satisfy a filing or reporting requirement under such Code. S
EC. 114. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to implement or enforce Internal Rev-enue Service Notice 2017-10 with respect to transactions entered into before January 23, 2017. S
EC. 115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce amendments to Treasury Regulations proposed in the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in the Federal Register on August 4, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 51413) (relating to restrictions on liq-uidation of an interest with respect to estate, gift, and generation-skipping transfer taxes under section 2704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), or any substantially similar amend-ments to such regulations. S
EC. 116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to make a determination that a church, an integrated auxiliary of a church, or a con-vention or association of churches is not exempt from taxation for participating in, or inter-vening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for public of-fice unless— (1) the Commissioner of Internal Revenue con-sents to such determination; (2) not later than 30 days after such deter-mination, the Commissioner notifies the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate of such determination; and (3) such determination is effective with respect to the church, integrated auxiliary of a church, or convention or association of churches not earlier than 90 days after the date of the notifi-cation under paragraph (2). A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  
THETREASURY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Appropriations to the Department of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles operated in foreign coun-tries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general purchase price limitations for ve-hicles purchased and used overseas for the cur-rent fiscal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of health and medical services to employees and their de-pendents serving in foreign countries; and serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. SEC. 118. Not to exceed 2 percent of any appro-priations in this title made available under the headings ‘‘Departmental Offices—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, ‘‘Spe-cial Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program’’, ‘‘Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network’’, ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service’’, and ‘‘Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bu-reau’’ may be transferred between such appro-priations upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 119. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the In-ternal Revenue Service may be transferred to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Admin-istration’s appropriation upon the advance ap-proval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer may increase or de-crease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 120. None of the funds appropriated in this Act or otherwise available to the Depart-ment of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engrav-ing and Printing may be used to redesign the $1 Federal Reserve note. S
EC. 121. The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service-Salaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Col-lection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided, That such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and ex-penses account from debt collections received in the Debt Collection Fund. S
EC. 122. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the House Committee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. S
EC. 123. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treas-ury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, individually or collec-tively, may be used to consolidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 124. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treasury’s intel-ligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Con-gress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. S
EC. 125. Not to exceed $5,000 shall be made available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for nec-essary official reception and representation ex-penses. S
EC. 126. The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the President: Provided, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include capital investment spending from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Department-wide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury For-feiture Fund account: Provided further, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include ex-penditures occurring in previous fiscal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. SEC. 127. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Financial Sta-bility and the Office of Financial Research shall submit reports on their activities to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the previous quarter by object class, office, and activity; (2) the estimated obligations for the remainder of the fiscal year by object class, office, and ac-tivity; (3) the number of full-time equivalents within each office during the previous quarter; (4) the estimated number of full-time equiva-lents within each office for the remainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, objec-tives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Finan-cial Stability and the Office of Financial Re-search shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports required under subsection (a). S
EC. 128. Within 45 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall submit an itemized report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each office by the Fran-chise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the serv-ices, a detailed explanation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role customers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. S
EC. 129. During fiscal year 2018— (1) none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Department of the Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, to issue, revise, or finalize any regula-tion, revenue ruling, or other guidance not lim-ited to a particular taxpayer relating to the standard which is used to determine whether an organization is operated exclusively for the pro-motion of social welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including the proposed regulations published at 78 Fed. Reg. 71535 (November 29, 2013)); and (2) the standard and definitions as in effect on January 1, 2010, which are used to make such determinations shall apply after the date of the enactment of this Act for purposes of de-termining status under section 501(c)(4) of such Code of organizations created on, before, or after such date. S
EC. 130. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve, license, fa-cilitate, authorize, or otherwise allow the use, purchase, trafficking, or import of property con-fiscated by the Cuban Government. (b) In this section, the terms ‘‘confiscated’’, ‘‘Cuban Government’’, ‘‘property’’, and ‘‘traf-fic’’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (4), (5), (12)(A), and (13), respec-tively, of section 4 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6891 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 131. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize a general license or approve a specific license under sec-tion 501.801 or 515.527 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that is the same as or substantially similar to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that was used in connection with a business or assets that were confiscated unless the original owner of the mark, trade name, or commercial name, or the bona-fide suc-cessor-in-interest has expressly consented. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘confiscated’’ has a meaning given such term in section 4(4) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023(4)). S
EC. 132. Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 402(c) of the Helping Families Save their Homes Act of 2009, in utilizing funds made available by paragraph (1) of section 402(c) of such Act, the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program shall prioritize the performance of audits or investigations of any program that is funded in whole or in part by funds appropriated under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, to the extent that such priority is consistent with other as-pects of the mission of the Special Inspector General. S
EC. 133. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be ob-ligated or expended to provide for the enforce-ment of any rule, regulation, policy, or guide-line implemented pursuant to the Department of the Treasury ‘‘Guidance for United States Posi-tions on MDBs Engaging with Developing Countries on Coal-Fired Power Generation’’ dated October 29, 2013, when enforcement of such rule, regulation, policy, or guideline would prohibit or have the effect of prohibiting, the carrying out of any coal-fired or other power generation project the purpose of which is to in-crease exports of goods and services from the United States or prevent the loss of jobs from the United States. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Treasury Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT T
HEWHITE HOUSE 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be ex-pended and accounted for as provided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be available for allo-cation within the Executive Office of the Presi-dent; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. E
XECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Resi-dence at the White House, $12,917,000, to be ex-pended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES  For the reimbursable expenses of the Execu-tive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That all reimburs-able operating expenses of the Executive Resi-dence shall be made in accordance with the pro-visions of this paragraph: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, such amount for reimbursable operating ex-penses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Residence to incur obligations and to receive offsetting collections, for such expenses: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require each person sponsoring a reimburs-able political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require the national committee of the political party of the President to main-tain on deposit $25,000, to be separately ac-counted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable political events sponsored by such committee during such fiscal year: Pro-vided further, That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating ex-pense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such expense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further, That the Exec-utive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and pen-alty provisions applicable to an outstanding debt on a United States Government claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided further, That each such amount that is reimbursed, and any accom-panying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Pro-vided further, That the Executive Residence shall prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a report setting forth the reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been re-imbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Execu-tive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as political or nonpolitical: Provided further, That no provi-sion of this paragraph may be construed to ex-empt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. WHITE HOUSE REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of the Executive Residence at the White House pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 105(d), $750,000, to remain available until expended, for required mainte-nance, resolution of safety and health issues, and continued preventative maintenance. C
OUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Eco-nomic Advisers in carrying out its functions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,187,000. N
ATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  S
ECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Secu-rity Council and the Homeland Security Coun-cil, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $11,800,000. O
FFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-ministration, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $12,800,000 shall remain available until expended for continued modernization of infor-mation resources within the Executive Office of the President. OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, including hire of pas-senger motor vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the budget of the United States Government, in accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for official representation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of review-ing any agricultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the tran-script of actual testimony of witnesses, except for testimony of officials of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, before the Committees on Appropriations or their subcommittees: Provided further, That of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act, no less than three full-time equivalent sen-ior staff position shall be dedicated solely to the Office of the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or de-termining if water resource project or study re-ports submitted by the Chief of Engineers acting through the Secretary of the Army are in com-pliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and requirements relevant to the Civil Works water resource planning process: Provided fur-ther, That the Office of Management and Budg-et shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary policy reviews of water re-source matters on which the Chief of Engineers has reported: Provided further, That the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the appropriate authorizing and ap-propriating committees when the 60-day review is initiated: Provided further, That if water re-source reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate authorizing and appropriating com-mittees within 15 days after the end of the Of-fice of Management and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. O
FFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy; for research activi-ties pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual inter-est with nonprofit, research, or public organiza-tions or agencies, with or without reimburse-ment, $18,400,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to accept, hold, administer, and uti-lize gifts, both real and personal, public and pri-vate, without fiscal year limitation, for the pur-pose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Of-fice. 
FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
HIGH INTENSITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREAS  
PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $254,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for drug control activities consistent with the ap-proved strategy for each of the designated High 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6892 September 6, 2017 
Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be trans-ferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Federal agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds obligated prior to fiscal year 2016 may be used for any other ap-proved activities of that HIDTA, subject to re-programming requirements: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2017, shall be funded at not less than the fis-cal year 2017 base level, unless the Director sub-mits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate jus-tification for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Of-fice of National Drug Control Policy perform-ance measures of effectiveness: Provided fur-ther, That the Director shall notify the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2018 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, and shall notify the Committees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consultation with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein and upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appro-priation. 
OTHER FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities authorized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Re-authorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $108,843,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $91,000,000 for the Drug-Free Communities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as di-rected by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for anti-doping activities; $2,343,000 for the United States mem-bership dues to the World Anti-Doping Agency; $1,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 1105 of Public Law 109–469; and $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for activities authorized by section 103 of Public Law 114–198: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. U
NANTICIPATED NEEDS For expenses necessary to enable the Presi-dent to meet unanticipated needs, in further-ance of the national interest, security, or de-fense which may arise at home or abroad during the current fiscal year, as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 108, $798,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  R
EFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Federal Gov-ernment, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. SPECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the President in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be ex-pended and accounted for as provided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,288,000. O
FFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the care, operation, refurnishing, im-provement, and to the extent not otherwise pro-vided for, heating and lighting, including elec-tric power and fixtures, of the official residence of the Vice President; the hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $90,000 pursu-ant to 3 U.S.C. 106(b)(2), $302,000: Provided, That advances, repayments, or transfers from this appropriation may be made to any depart-ment or agency for expenses of carrying out such activities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OF-
FICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPRO-
PRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. From funds made available in this Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Coun-cil of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Of-fice of Administration’’, ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the President may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 per-cent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided, That the amount of an appro-priation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided further, That no amount shall be transferred from ‘‘Spe-cial Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. S
EC. 202. Within 90 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the costs of implementing the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203). Such report shall in-clude— (1) the estimated mandatory and discretionary obligations of funds through fiscal year 2019, by Federal agency and by fiscal year, including— (A) the estimated obligations by cost inputs such as rent, information technology, contracts, and personnel; (B) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated obligations; and (C) the specific section of such Act that re-quires the obligation of funds; and (2) the estimated receipts through fiscal year 2019 from assessments, user fees, and other fees by the Federal agency making the collections, by fiscal year, including— (A) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated collections; and (B) the specific section of such Act that au-thorizes the collection of funds. S
EC. 203. (a) During fiscal year 2018, any Ex-ecutive order or Presidential memorandum issued or revoked by the President shall be ac-companied by a written statement from the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget on the budgetary impact, including costs, bene-fits, and revenues, of such order or memo-randum. (b) Any such statement shall include— (1) a narrative summary of the budgetary im-pact of such order or memorandum on the Fed-eral Government; (2) the impact on mandatory and discre-tionary obligations and outlays as the result of such order or memorandum, listed by Federal agency, for each year in the 5-fiscal-year period beginning in fiscal year 2018; and (3) the impact on revenues of the Federal Gov-ernment as the result of such order or memo-randum over the 5-fiscal-year period beginning in fiscal year 2018. (c) If an Executive order or Presidential memorandum is issued during fiscal year 2018 due to a national emergency, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may issue the statement required by subsection (a) not later than 15 days after the date that such order or memorandum is issued. (d) The requirement for cost estimates for Presidential memoranda shall only apply for Presidential memoranda estimated to have a regulatory cost in excess of $100,000,000. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Executive Of-fice of the President Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III THE JUDICIARY SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, exclud-ing care of the building and grounds, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be ex-pended as the Chief Justice may approve, $78,538,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and associate jus-tices of the court. 
CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Architect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  F
EDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $30,592,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. U
NITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  T
RADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $18,556,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. C
OURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND O
THER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise specifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uni-forms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6893 September 6, 2017 
staff, as authorized by law, $5,082,710,000 (in-cluding the purchase of firearms and ammuni-tion); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall re-main available until expended for space alter-ation projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with proc-essing cases under the National Childhood Vac-cine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $7,366,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
DEFENDER SERVICES  For the operation of Federal Defender organi-zations; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent persons under 18 U.S.C. 3006A and 3599, and for the compensation and reimbursement of ex-penses of persons furnishing investigative, ex-pert, and other services for such representations as authorized by law; the compensation (in ac-cordance with the maximums under 18 U.S.C. 3006A) and reimbursement of expenses of attor-neys appointed to assist the court in criminal cases where the defendant has waived represen-tation by counsel; the compensation and reim-bursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent jurors in civil actions for the protec-tion of their employment, as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1875(d)(1); the compensation and reim-bursement of expenses of attorneys appointed under 18 U.S.C. 983(b)(1) in connection with cer-tain judicial civil forfeiture proceedings; the compensation and reimbursement of travel ex-penses of guardians ad litem appointed under 18 U.S.C. 4100(b); and for necessary training and general administrative expenses, $1,110,375,000 to remain available until expended. 
FEES OF JURORS AND COMMISSIONERS  For fees and expenses of jurors as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1871 and 1876; compensation of jury commissioners as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1863; and compensation of commissioners appointed in condemnation cases pursuant to rule 71.1(h) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (28 U.S.C. Appendix Rule 71.1(h)), $39,929,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the compensation of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. 
COURT SECURITY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, incident to the provision of protective guard services for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court oper-ations, and the procurement, installation, and maintenance of security systems and equipment for United States courthouses and other facili-ties housing Federal court operations, including building ingress-egress control, inspection of mail and packages, directed security patrols, pe-rimeter security, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $574,593,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or trans-ferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney General. ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  C
OURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts as authorized by law, including travel as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1345, hire of a passenger motor vehicle as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b), advertising and rent in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $87,920,000, of which not to exceed $8,500 is au-thorized for official reception and representa-tion expenses. F
EDERAL JUDICIAL CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Judicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $28,708,000; of which $1,800,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, to provide education and training to Federal court per-sonnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is au-thorized for official reception and representa-tion expenses. U
NITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,338,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. Appropriations and authorizations made in this title which are available for sala-ries and expenses shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 302. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Judiciary in this Act may be trans-ferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except ‘‘Courts of Appeals, Dis-trict Courts, and Other Judicial Services, De-fender Services’’ and ‘‘Courts of Appeals, Dis-trict Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Fees of Jurors and Commissioners’’, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expendi-ture except in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. S
EC. 303. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the salaries and expenses appropriation for ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services’’ shall be available for official reception and representation expenses of the Judicial Conference of the United States: Provided, That such available funds shall not exceed $11,000 and shall be administered by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts in the capacity as Sec-retary of the Judicial Conference. S
EC. 304. Section 3315(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it ap-pears. S
EC. 305. In accordance with 28 U.S.C. 561– 569, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Marshals Service shall provide, for such courthouses as its Director may designate in consultation with the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, for purposes of a pilot program, the se-curity services that 40 U.S.C. 1315 authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to provide, except for the services specified in 40 U.S.C. 1315(b)(2)(E). For building-specific security serv-ices at these courthouses, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall reimburse the United States Mar-shals Service rather than the Department of Homeland Security. S
EC. 306. (a) Section 203(c) of the Judicial Im-provements Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–650; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended in the second sen-tence (relating to the District of Kansas) fol-lowing paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘26 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘27 years and 6 months’’. (b) Section 406 of the Transportation, Treas-ury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judi-ciary, the District of Columbia, and Inde-pendent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (re-lating to the eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘24 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’. (c) Section 312(c)(2) of the 21st Century De-partment of Justice Appropriations Authoriza-tion Act (Public Law 107–273; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended— (1) in the first sentence by inserting after ‘‘ex-cept in the case of’’ the following: ‘‘the northern district of Alabama,’’; (2) in the first sentence by inserting after ‘‘the central district of California’’ the following: ‘‘,’’; (3) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘16 years’’; (4) by adding at the end of the first sentence the following: ‘‘The first vacancy in the office of district judge in the district of Alabama occur-ring 15 years or more after the confirmation date of the judge named to fill the temporary district judgeship created in that district by this sub-section, shall not be filled.’’; (5) in the third sentence (relating to the cen-tral District of California), by striking ‘‘14 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years and 6 months’’; and (6) in the fourth sentence (relating to the western district of North Carolina), by striking ‘‘13 years’’ and inserting ‘‘14 years’’. SEC. 307. (a) Section 2(a)(2)(C)(i) of the Tem-porary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121 as amended) is amended by striking ‘‘6 years’’ and inserting ‘‘7 years’’. (b) Section 2(a)(2)(D)(i) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121 as amended) is amended by striking ‘‘6 years’’ and inserting ‘‘7 years’’. (c) Section 2(a)(2)(F)(i) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121 as amended) is amended by striking ‘‘6 years’’ and inserting ‘‘7 years’’. (d) Section 2(a)(2)(G)(i) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121 as amended) is amended by striking ‘‘6 years’’ and inserting ‘‘7 years’’. (e) Section 2(a)(2)(H)(i) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121 as amended) is amended by striking ‘‘6 years’’ and inserting ‘‘7 years’’. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Judiciary Ap-propriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE IV DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA F
EDERAL FUNDS 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR RESIDENT TUITION  
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Co-lumbia, to be deposited into a dedicated ac-count, for a nationwide program to be adminis-tered by the Mayor, for District of Columbia resident tuition support, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest accrued thereon, may be used on behalf of eligible District of Co-lumbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference between in-State and out-of-State tuition at public institutions of higher edu-cation, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligi-ble private institutions of higher education: Pro-vided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6894 September 6, 2017 
academic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be au-thorized: Provided further, That the District of Columbia government shall maintain a dedi-cated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropriations, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any inter-est earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Finan-cial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the purposes of carrying out the Resident Tui-tion Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expenditures made and the purpose therefor. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR EMERGENCY PLANNING  
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO -
LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary expenses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elect-ed county or city officials of surrounding juris-dictions, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the costs of providing public safe-ty at events related to the presence of the Na-tional Capital in the District of Columbia, in-cluding support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out pro-tective duties under the direction of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to immediate and specific terrorist threats or attacks in the District of Columbia or surrounding jurisdic-tions. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $265,400,000 to be allocated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $121,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court Sys-tem, $71,500,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation ex-penses; and $58,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for capital improve-ments for District of Columbia courthouse facili-ties: Provided, That funds made available for capital improvements shall be expended con-sistent with the District of Columbia Courts master plan study and facilities condition as-sessment: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be appor-tioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Pro-vided further, That 30 days after providing writ-ten notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the District of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $6,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and entities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judicial Adminis-tration in the District of Columbia may, by reg-ulation, establish a program substantially simi-lar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for em-ployees of the District of Columbia Courts. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR DEFENDER SERVICES IN  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (re-lating to representation provided under the Dis-trict of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), pay-ments for counsel appointed in proceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to provide guardian ad litem rep-resentation, training, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Of-ficial Code, and payments authorized under sec-tion 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (relating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Proceedings, and Du-rable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not more than $20,000,000 in un-obligated funds provided in this account may be transferred to and merged with funds made available under the heading ″Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts, ″ to be avail- able for the same period and purposes as funds made available under that heading for capital improvements to District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds provided under this heading shall be administered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quar-terly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Fed-eral agencies. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE COURT SERVICES AND  
OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE DIS -
TRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Gov-ernment Improvement Act of 1997, $244,298,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses related to Community Supervision and Pretrial Services Agency programs, of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the im-plementation of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Interstate Supervision Act of 2002; of which $180,840,000 shall be for nec-essary expenses of Community Supervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons; and of which $63,458,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be appor-tioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Pro-vided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for programmatic incentives for de-fendants to successfully complete their terms of supervision. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Dis-trict of Columbia Public Defender Service, as authorized by the National Capital Revitaliza-tion and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997, $40,082,000: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be appor-tioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of Federal agencies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE  
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $1,900,000, to remain available until expended, to support initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Co-lumbia. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to the Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $295,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $270,000. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT  For a Federal payment for a school improve-ment program in the District of Columbia, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, That, to the ex-tent that funds are available for opportunity scholarships and following the priorities in-cluded in section 3006 of such Act, the Secretary of Education shall make scholarships available to students eligible under section 3013(3) of such Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 211) including students who were not offered a scholarship during any previous school year: Provided fur-ther, That within funds provided for oppor-tunity scholarships $3,200,000 shall be for the activities specified in sections 3007(b) through 3007(d) and 3009 of the Act. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Co-lumbia National Guard, $435,000, to remain available until expended for the Major General David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Columbia Na-tional Guard Retention and College Access Pro-gram. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR TESTING AND TREATMENT  
OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Co-lumbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immuno-deficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS Local funds are appropriated for the District of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘Part A—Summary of Expenses’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as included in D.C. Bill 22-242, as amended as of the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and Gen-eral Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47–369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appro-priated in this Act for operating expenses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2018 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates in-cluded in D.C. Bill 22–242, as amended as of the date of the enactment of this Act, or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appropriated may be increased by pro-ceeds of one-time transactions, which are ex-pended for emergency or unanticipated oper-ating or capital needs: Provided further, That such increases shall be approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve requirements contained in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are nec-essary to assure that the District of Columbia meets these requirements, including the appor-tioning by the Chief Financial Officer of the ap-propriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2018, except that the Chief Financial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6895 September 6, 2017 
bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for cap-ital projects. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Co-lumbia Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
DMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Conference of the United States, authorized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, of which not to ex-ceed $1,000 is for official reception and represen-tation expenses. C
ONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, including hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the max-imum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, pur-chase of nominal awards to recognize non-Fed-eral officials’ contributions to Commission ac-tivities, and not to exceed $4,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $123,000,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —CONSUMER  
PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  S
EC. 501. During fiscal year 2018, none of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational Off-Highway Vehicles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— (1) the National Academy of Sciences, in con-sultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Department of Defense, completes a study to determine— (A) the technical validity of the lateral sta-bility and vehicle handling requirements pro-posed by such standard for purposes of reducing the risk of Recreational Off-Highway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the off-road environment, including the re-peatability and reproducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; (B) the number of ROV rollovers that would be prevented if the proposed requirements were adopted; (C) whether there is a technical basis for the proposal to provide information on a point-of- sale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and (D) the effect on the utility of ROVs used by the United States military if the proposed re-quirements were adopted; and (2) a report containing the results of the study completed under paragraph (1) is delivered to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 502. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to finalize any rule by the Consumer Product Safety Commission relating to blade-contact injuries on table saws. E
LECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252; 52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.), $7,000,000, of which $1,500,000 shall be transferred to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for elec-tion reform activities authorized under such Act. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Commu-nications Commission, as authorized by law, in-cluding uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $322,035,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That $322,035,000 of offsetting collections shall be assessed and collected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses and shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided further, That any offsetting col-lections received in excess of $322,035,000 in fis-cal year 2018 shall not be available for obliga-tion: Provided further, That remaining offset-ting collections from prior years collected in ex-cess of the amount specified for collection in each such year and otherwise becoming avail-able on October 1, 2017, shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B), proceeds from the use of a competitive bidding system that may be retained and made available for obligation shall not exceed $111,150,000 for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That, of the amount appro-priated under this heading, not less than $11,020,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General. F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $39,136,000, to be derived from the Deposit Insurance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. F
EDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provi-sions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $71,250,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representa-tion expenses. F
EDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, pur-suant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, $26,200,000, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses: Provided, That public members of the Federal Service Im-passes Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed inter-mittently in the Government service, and com-pensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to non- Federal participants at labor-management rela-tions conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available with-out further appropriation for the costs of car-rying out these conferences. F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Trade Commission, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $306,317,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a per-son or persons for collection services in accord-ance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, not to exceed $126,000,000 of offset-ting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart- Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for nec-essary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, not to exceed $16,000,000 in offset-ting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and enforce the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promulgated under the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this ac-count, and be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appro-priation from the general fund estimated at not more than $164,317,000: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Federal Trade Commission may be used to implement subsection (e)(2)(B) of section 43 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t). GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION REALPROPERTY ACTIVITIES  F
EDERAL BUILDINGS FUND L
IMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF REVENUE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Amounts in the Fund, including revenues and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related activities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; restoration of leased premises; moving governmental agencies (including space adjust-ments and telecommunications relocation ex-penses) in connection with the assignment, allo-cation, and transfer of space; contractual serv-ices incident to cleaning or servicing buildings, and moving; repair and alteration of federally owned buildings, including grounds, ap-proaches, and appurtenances; care and safe-guarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; acquisition of build-ings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of op-tions to purchase buildings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; pre-liminary planning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (including equipment for such build-ings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings ac-quired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $7,864,111,000, of which— (1) $0 shall remain available until expended for construction and acquisition (including funds for sites and expenses, and associated de-sign and construction services); (2) $180,000,000 shall remain available until expended for repairs and alterations, including associated design and construction services, of which— (A) $0 is for Major Repairs and Alterations; (B) $110,000,000 is for Basic Repairs and Alter-ations; (C) $70,000,000 is for Special Emphasis Pro-grams of which— (i) $20,000,000 is for Judiciary Capital Secu-rity; (ii) $30,000,000 is for Fire and Life Safety; and (iii) $20,000,000 is for Consolidation Activities: Provided, That consolidation projects result in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6896 September 6, 2017 
reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further, That no consolidation project exceed $10,000,000 in costs: Provided further, That consolidation projects are approved by each of the committees specified in section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That preference is given to consolida-tion projects that achieve a utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person for of-fice space: Provided further, That the obligation of funds under this paragraph for consolidation activities may not be made until 10 days after a proposed spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken, including esti-mated savings, has been submitted to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate: Provided, That funds made available in this or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance ap-proval is obtained from the Committees on Ap-propriations of a greater amount: Provided fur-ther, That additional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance ap-proval is obtained from the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further, That the amounts provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security im-provements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compliance with the re-programming guidelines of the appropriate Com-mittees of the House and Senate: Provided fur-ther, That the difference between the funds ap-propriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund author-ized increases in prospectus projects: Provided further, That the amount provided in this or any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alterations may be used to pay claims against the Govern-ment arising from any projects under the head-ing ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects; (3) $5,462,345,000 for rental of space to remain available until expended; and (4) $2,221,766,000 for building operations to re-main available until expended, of which $1,146,089,000 is for building services, and $1,075,677,000 is for salaries and expenses: Pro-vided, That not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available under this para-graph for building operations may be trans-ferred between and merged with such appropria-tions upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfers: Provided further, That section 521 of this title shall not apply with respect to funds made available under this heading for building operations: Provided further, That the total amount of funds made available from this Fund to the General Services Administration shall not be available for expenses of any construction, repair, alteration and acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required by 40 U.S.C. 3307(a), has not been approved, except that nec-essary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus: Provided further, That funds available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emergency repairs when advance approval is obtained from the Commit-tees on Appropriations: Provided further, That amounts necessary to provide reimbursable spe-cial services to other agencies under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2) and amounts to provide such reimburs-able fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control as may be ap-propriate to enable the United States Secret Service to perform its protective functions pur-suant to 18 U.S.C. 3056, shall be available from such revenues and collections: Provided further, That revenues and collections and any other sums accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2018, excluding reimbursements under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2), in excess of the aggregate new obligational authority authorized for Real Prop-erty Activities of the Federal Buildings Fund in this Act shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as author-ized in appropriations Acts. G
ENERAL ACTIVITIES  G
OVERNMENT -WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Government-wide policy and evaluation activities associated with the man-agement of real and personal property assets and certain administrative services; Govern-ment-wide policy support responsibilities relat-ing to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, infor-mation technology management, and related technology activities; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $53,499,000. O
PERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Government-wide activities as-sociated with utilization and donation of sur-plus personal property; disposal of real prop-erty; agency-wide policy direction, management, and communications; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $45,645,000, of which $24,357,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal; $21,288,000 is for the Office of the Administrator, of which not to ex-ceed $7,500 is for official reception and represen-tation expenses. C
IVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for the activities associated with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals, $8,795,000. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General and service authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $65,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives resulting in enhanced Office of In-spector General effectiveness. A
LLOWANCES AND OFFICE STAFF FOR FORMER  P
RESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $4,754,000. F
EDERAL CITIZEN SERVICES FUND (
INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Office of Prod-ucts and Programs, including services author-ized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities elec-tronically, through the development and imple-mentation of innovative uses of information technology; $53,741,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be transferred to Fed-eral agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the appropriations, revenues, reimburse-ments, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities elec-tronically: in the aggregate amount not to ex-ceed $100,000,000: Provided further, That appro-priations, revenues, reimbursements, and collec-tions accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2018 in excess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expendi-ture except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That any appropriations provided to the Electronic Government Fund that remain unobligated may be transferred to the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. ASSETPROCEEDS AND SPACE MANAGEMENT FUND For carrying out the purposes of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $10,000,000, to be deposited into the Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund, to remain available until expended. E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW IMPROVEMENT FUND For necessary expenses of the Environmental Review Improvement Fund established under section 41009(d) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (42 U.S.C. 4370m–8(d)), $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —GENERAL  S
ERVICES ADMINISTRATION  (
INCLUDING RESCISSION AND TRANSFER OF  F
UNDS) S
EC. 510. Funds available to the General Serv-ices Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 511. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available for fiscal year 2018 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be trans-ferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program requirements: Pro-vided, That any proposed transfers shall be ap-proved in advance by the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 512. Except as otherwise provided in this title, funds made available by this Act shall be used to transmit a fiscal year 2019 request for United States Courthouse construction only if the request: (1) meets the design guide standards for construction as established and approved by the General Services Administration, the Judi-cial Conference of the United States, and the Office of Management and Budget; (2) reflects the priorities of the Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in its approved Court-house Project Priorities plan; and (3) includes a standardized courtroom utilization study of each facility to be constructed, replaced, or ex-panded. S
EC. 513. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to increase the amount of occu-piable square feet, provide cleaning services, se-curity enhancements, or any other service usu-ally provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assessment for space and serv-ices as determined by the General Services Ad-ministration in consideration of the Public Buildings Amendments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). S
EC. 514. From funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund, Limita-tions on Availability of Revenue’’, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and ac-quisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction projects with prior notification to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 515. In any case in which the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate adopt a resolution granting lease authority pur-suant to a prospectus transmitted to Congress by the Administrator of the General Services Ad-ministration under 40 U.S.C. 3307, the Adminis-trator shall ensure that the delineated area of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6897 September 6, 2017 
procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus for all lease agree-ments, except that, if the Administrator deter-mines that the delineated area of the procure-ment should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory statement to each of such committees and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in the resolution. S
EC. 516. With respect to each project funded under the heading ‘‘Major Repairs and Alter-ations’’ or ‘‘Judiciary Capital Security Pro-gram’’, and with respect to E-Government projects funded under the heading ‘‘Federal Cit-izen Services Fund’’, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall submit a spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 517. Section 16 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287) is amended— (1) by inserting the following at the end of subparagraph (a)(1): ‘‘The Account shall be under the custody and control of the Chair-person of the Board and deposits in the Account shall remain available until expended.’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (b)(1) and insert-ing in lieu thereof the following: (1) ‘‘ESTAB-LISHMENT. — There is established in the Treasury of the United States an account to be known as the ″Public Buildings Reform Board - Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund’’ (in this subsection referred to as the ″Fund″). The Fund shall be under the custody and con-trol of the Administrator of General Services and deposits in the Fund shall remain available until expended. S
EC. 518. The unobligated balance of amounts provided for National Capital Region, FBI Headquarters Consolidation, in paragraph (1)(A) under the heading ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration—Federal Buildings Fund’’ in divi-sion E of Public Law 115–31 is rescinded. S
EC. 519. The Administrator of General Serv-ices shall make available to the public on the website of the General Services Administration any draft environmental assessment— (1) prepared by the Administrator of General Services under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)); and (2) for which the Administrator of General Services has solicited public comment. H
ARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For payment to the Harry S Truman Scholar-ship Foundation Trust Fund, established by sec-tion 10 of Public Law 93–642, $1,000,000, to re-main available until expended. M
ERITSYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whis-tleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, direct procurement of sur-vey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for offi-cial reception and representation expenses, $44,490,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, and in addition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for administrative expenses to adju-dicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board. NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of documents, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the elec-tronic records archives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $364,308,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008, Public Law 110–409, 122 Stat. 4302–16 (2008), and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), and for the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,241,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of archives facilities, and to provide adequate stor-age for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL HISTORICAL PUBLICATIONS AND  R
ECORDS COMMISSION  
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $4,000,000, to re-main available until expended. N
ATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT REVOLVING LOAN  
FUND  For the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for technical assistance to low-income designated credit unions. O
FFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $16,439,000. O
FFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examinations performed for vet-erans by private physicians on a fee basis; rent-al of conference rooms in the District of Colum-bia and elsewhere; hire of passenger motor vehi-cles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses; advances for reim-bursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for expenses in-curred under Executive Order No. 10422 of Janu-ary 9, 1953, as amended; and payment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees where Voting Rights Act activities require an employee to remain overnight at his or her post of duty, $129,341,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $18,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for information technology infrastruc-ture modernization and Trust Fund Federal Fi-nancial System migration or modernization: Provided further, That the amount made avail-able by the previous proviso may not be obli-gated until the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan for expenditure of such amount, prepared in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Administrator of the United States Digital Service, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, that— (1) identifies the full scope and cost of the IT systems remediation and stabilization project; (2) meets the capital planning and investment control review requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, including Circular A–11; (3) includes a Major IT Business Case under the requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget Exhibit 300; (4) complies with the acquisition rules, re-quirements, guidelines, and systems acquisition management practices of the Government; (5) complies with all Office of Management and Budget, Department of Homeland Security and National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology requirements related to securing the agency’s information system as described in 44 U.S.C. 3554; and (6) is reviewed and commented upon within 90 days of plan development by the Inspector Gen-eral of the Office of Personnel Management, and such comments are submitted to the Direc-tor of the Office of Personnel Management be-fore the date of such submission: Provided further, That, not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that— (A) evaluates— (i) the steps taken by the Office of Per-sonnel Management to prevent, mitigate, and respond to data breaches involving sen-sitive personnel records and information; (ii) the Office’s cybersecurity policies and procedures in place on the date of enactment of this Act, including policies and procedures relating to IT best practices such as data encryption, multifactor authentication, and continuous monitoring; (iii) the Office’s oversight of contractors providing IT services; and (iv) the Office’s compliance with govern-ment-wide initiatives to improve cybersecu-rity; and (B) sets forth improvements that could be made to assist the Office of Personnel Man-agement in addressing cybersecurity chal-lenges: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $584,000 may be made available for strengthening the capacity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Fed-eral Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), including the recruit-ment, hiring, training, and retention of such workforce and information technology in support of acquisition workforce effective-ness or for management solutions to improve acquisition management; and in addition $131,414,000 for administrative expenses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without regard to other statutes, in-cluding direct procurement of printed mate-rials, for the retirement and insurance pro-grams: Provided further, That the provisions of this appropriation shall not affect the au-thority to use applicable trust funds as pro-vided by sections 8348(a)(1)(B), 8958(f)(2)(A), 8988(f)(2)(A), and 9004(f)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be available for salaries and expenses of the Legal Exam-ining Unit of OPM established pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6898 September 6, 2017 
Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any successor unit of like purpose: Provided further, That the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, established by Execu-tive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, during fiscal year 2018, accept donations of money, property, and personal services: Pro- vided further, That such donations, including those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to pro-vide information about the White House Fel-lows, except that no such donations shall be accepted for travel or reimbursement of travel expenses, or for the salaries of em-ployees of such Commission. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, $5,000,000, and in addition, not to exceed $25,000,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other over-sight of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, as determined by the Inspector Gen-eral: Provided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Special Counsel pursu-ant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Pro-tection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistle-blower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for wit-nesses, rental of conference rooms in the Dis-trict of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $24,750,000. P
OSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Postal Regu-latory Commission in carrying out the provi-sions of the Postal Accountability and En-hancement Act (Public Law 109–435), $15,200,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as author-ized by section 603(a) of such Act. P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as author-ized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $8,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. P
UBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Public Buildings Reform Board in carrying out the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. S
ECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Securities and Exchange Commission, including serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, the rental of space (to include multiple year leases) in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,652,000,000 to re-main available until expended; of which funding for information technology initia-tives shall be increased over the fiscal year 2017 level by not less than $50,000,000; of which not less than $14,748,358 shall be for the Office of Inspector General; of which not to exceed $75,000 shall be available for a per-manent secretariat for the International Or-ganization of Securities Commissions; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be avail-able for expenses for consultations and meet-ings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory officials, members of their delegations and staffs to exchange views concerning securities mat-ters, such expenses to include necessary lo-gistic and administrative expenses and the expenses of Commission staff and foreign invitees in attendance including: (1) inci-dental expenses such as meals; (2) travel and transportation; and (3) related lodging or subsistence; and of which not less than $68,950,000 shall be for the Division of Eco-nomic and Risk Analysis: In addition, for costs associated with relocation under a re-placement lease for the Commission’s head-quarters facilities, not to exceed $244,507,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. For purposes of calculating the fee rate under section 31(j) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee(j)) for fiscal year 2018, all amounts appropriated under this heading shall be deemed to be the reg-ular appropriation to the Commission for fis-cal year 2018. Provided, That fees and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this account as offsetting collec-tions: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,652,000,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for nec-essary expenses of this account and not to exceed $244,507,000 of such offsetting collec-tions shall be available until September 30, 2019, for costs under this heading associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s headquarters facilities: Provided further, That the total amount ap-propriated under this heading from the gen-eral fund for fiscal year 2018 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees are received so as to result in a final total fiscal year 2018 appro-priation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That if any amount of the appropriation under this heading for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commis-sion’s headquarters facilities is subsequently de-obligated on or before September 30, 2019, any such amount derived from the general fund shall be returned to the general fund, and any such amount derived from fees or as-sessments collected for such purpose shall be paid to each national securities exchange and national securities association, respec-tively, in proportion to any fees or assess-ments paid by such national securities ex-change or national securities association under such section 31 in fiscal year 2018. SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of at-tendance at meetings and of training for uni-formed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; $22,900,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the in-duction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the Small Business Administra-tion, including hire of passenger motor vehi-cles as authorized by sections 1343 and 1344 of title 31, United States Code, and not to ex-ceed $3,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $265,000,000 of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for examinations, reviews, and other lender oversight activities: Provided, That the Ad-ministrator is authorized to charge fees to cover the cost of publications developed by the Small Business Administration, and cer-tain loan program activities, including fees authorized by section 5(b) of the Small Busi-ness Act: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, revenues received from all such activities shall be credited to this account, to remain available until ex-pended, for carrying out these purposes with-out further appropriations: Provided further, That the Small Business Administration may accept gifts in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000 and may co-sponsor activities, each in accordance with section 132(a) of division K of Public Law 108–447, during fiscal year 2018 : Provided further, That $6,100,000 shall be available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2019. 
ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of programs sup-porting entrepreneurial and small business development, $211,100,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019 : Provided, That $120,000,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2018 or fiscal year 2019 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That $31,000,000 shall be for marketing, manage-ment, and technical assistance under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)) by intermediaries that make microloans under the microloan program: Provided further, That $10,000,000 shall be available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 22(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649(l)). 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $19,900,000. 
OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-vocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,120,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, $3,438,172, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018 commitments to guar-antee loans under section 503 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not ex-ceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That dur- ing fiscal year 2018 commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6899 September 6, 2017 
of the Small Business Act shall not exceed $29,000,000,000 for a combination of amor-tizing term loans and the aggregated max-imum line of credit provided by revolving loans: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 commitments for loans authorized under subparagraph (C) of section 502(7) of The Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 commitments to guarantee loans for debentures under section 303(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $4,000,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That during fiscal year 2018, guarantees of trust certificates authorized by section 5(g) of the Small Business Act shall not ex-ceed a principal amount of $12,000,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $152,782,000, which may be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
DISASTER LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by sec-tion 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $186,458,000, to be available until expended, of which $1,000,000 is for the Office of Inspector General of the Small Business Administra-tion for audits and reviews of disaster loans and the disaster loan programs and shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priations for the Office of Inspector General; of which $176,458,000 is for direct administra-tive expenses of loan making and servicing to carry out the direct loan program, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses; and of which $9,000,000 is for indirect admin-istrative expenses for the direct loan pro-gram, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —SMALL BUSINESS  
ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION AND TRANSFER OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 520. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Small Business Adminis-tration in this Act may be transferred be-tween such appropriations, but no such ap-propriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. S
EC. 521. Of the unobligated balances avail-able for the Immediate Disaster Assistance Program authorized by section 42 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657n) and the Expedited Disaster Assistance Loan Program authorized by section 12085 of Public Law 110–246, $2,600,000 are hereby permanently re-scinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were des-ignated by the Congress as emergency re-quirements pursuant to a concurrent resolu-tion on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That no amounts may be re-scinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 522. Section 7(m)(4)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘25 percent’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘50 per-cent’’. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
PAYMENT TO THE POSTAL SERVICE FUND  For payment to the Postal Service Fund for revenue forgone on free and reduced rate mail, pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2401 of title 39, United States Code, $58,118,000: Provided, That mail for overseas voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Provided further, That 6-day deliv-ery and rural delivery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds made available to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support enforcement agency, or any individual participating in a State or local program of child support en-forcement, a fee for information requested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $234,650,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as au-thorized by section 603(b)(3) of the Postal Ac-countability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435). U
NITED STATES TAXCOURT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $51,100,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That travel expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT 
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 601. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 602. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 603. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3109, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under exist-ing Executive order issued pursuant to exist-ing law. S
EC. 604. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 605. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for any activ-ity or for paying the salary of any Govern-ment employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would pro-hibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). SEC. 606. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with chap-ter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 607. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 608. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activ-ity for which funds have been denied or re-stricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity by the Committee on Appropriations of either the House of Representatives or the Senate for a different purpose; (5) augments existing pro-grams, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or ac-tivities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates or reorganizes offices, programs, or activities unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That prior to any significant reorganization or restructuring of offices, programs, or activities, each agen-cy or entity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a re-port to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That at a minimum the report shall include: (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, ad-justments due to enacted rescissions, if ap-propriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation both by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest: Provided further, That the amount appropriated or limited for sala-ries and expenses for an agency shall be re-duced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the report has not been submitted to the Congress. S
EC. 609. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expendi-ture of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. S
EC. 610. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used by the Execu-tive Office of the President to request— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6900 September 6, 2017 
(1) any official background investigation report on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or (2) a determination with respect to the treatment of an organization as described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under sec-tion 501(a) of such Code from the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) in the case of an official background in-vestigation report, if such individual has given express written consent for such re-quest not more than 6 months prior to the date of such request and during the same presidential administration; or (2) if such request is required due to ex-traordinary circumstances involving na-tional security. S
EC. 611. The cost accounting standards promulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with re-spect to a contract under the Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 612. For the purpose of resolving liti-gation and implementing any settlement agreements regarding the nonforeign area cost-of-living allowance program, the Office of Personnel Management may accept and utilize (without regard to any restriction on unanticipated travel expenses imposed in an Appropriations Act) funds made available to the Office of Personnel Management pursu-ant to court approval. S
EC. 613. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal em-ployees health benefits program which pro-vides any benefits or coverage for abortions. S
EC. 614. The provision of section 613 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. S
EC. 615. In order to promote Government access to commercial information tech-nology, the restriction on purchasing non-domestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of information technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a com-mercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). S
EC. 616. Notwithstanding section 1353 of title 31, United States Code, no officer or em-ployee of any regulatory agency or commis-sion funded by this Act may accept on behalf of that agency, nor may such agency or com-mission accept, payment or reimbursement from a non-Federal entity for travel, subsist-ence, or related expenses for the purpose of enabling an officer or employee to attend and participate in any meeting or similar function relating to the official duties of the officer or employee when the entity offering payment or reimbursement is a person or en-tity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, or represents a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or com-mission, unless the person or entity is an or-ganization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and ex-empt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. S
EC. 617. Notwithstanding section 708 of this Act, funds made available to the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the inter-agency funding and sponsorship of a joint ad-visory committee to advise on emerging reg-ulatory issues. SEC. 618. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Executive agency cov-ered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Ad-ministration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construction con-tracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. (2) Any such agency with authority to enter into an emergency lease may do so during any period declared by the President to require emergency leasing authority with respect to such agency. (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Executive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Administration or the United States Postal Service. S
EC. 619. (a) There are appropriated for the following activities the amounts required under current law: (1) Compensation of the President (3 U.S.C. 102). (2) Payments to— (A) the Judicial Officers’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 377(o)); (B) the Judicial Survivors’ Annuities Fund (28 U.S.C. 376(c)); and (C) the United States Court of Federal Claims Judges’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 178(l)). (3) Payment of Government contribu-tions— (A) with respect to the health benefits of retired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Re-tired Federal Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and (B) with respect to the life insurance bene-fits for employees retiring after December 31, 1989 (5 U.S.C. ch. 87). (4) Payment to finance the unfunded liabil-ity of new and increased annuity benefits under the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund (5 U.S.C. 8348). (5) Payment of annuities authorized to be paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to exempt any amount appropriated by this section from any otherwise applica-ble limitation on the use of funds contained in this Act. S
EC. 620. In fiscal year 2018 and any fiscal year thereafter, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Federal Trade Commission to complete or publish the study, recommenda-tions, or report prepared by the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Chil-dren pursuant to the directive described on pages 983 and 984 of the House Appropriations Committee Print of the explanatory state-ment accompanying the Omnibus Appropria-tions Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–8). S
EC. 621. None of the funds in this Act may be used for the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management to award a contract, enter an extension of, or exercise an option on a contract to a contractor conducting the final quality review processes for back-ground investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services that, as of the date of the award of the con-tract, are being conducted by that con-tractor. S
EC. 622. (a) The head of each executive branch agency funded by this Act shall en-sure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has the authority to participate in decisions regarding the budget planning process related to information technology. (b) Amounts appropriated for any execu-tive branch agency funded by this Act that are available for information technology shall be allocated within the agency, con-sistent with the provisions of appropriations Acts and budget guidelines and recommenda-tions from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, in such manner as specified by, or approved by, the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the agency in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer of the agen-cy and budget officials. SEC. 623. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of chapter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. S
EC. 624. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are defined in sec-tions 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 625. No funds provided in this Act shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials avail-able to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A de-partment or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with ac-cess to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. Each In-spector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure rel-evant to the information provided by the es-tablishment over which that Inspector Gen-eral has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. S
EC. 626. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication ac-tivities, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-related activity. S
EC. 627. Section 633(a) of title VI of divi-sion E of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1); (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). S
EC. 628. The unobligated balance in the Securities and Exchange Commission Re-serve Fund established by section 991 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203) are permanently rescinded. S
EC. 629. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission to study, develop, propose, finalize, issue, or implement any rule, regulation, or order regarding the dis-closure of political contributions to tax ex-empt organizations, or dues paid to trade as-sociations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6901 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 630. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the re-quirements in section 316(b)(4)(D) of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30118(b)(4)(D)) that the solicitation of con-tributions from member corporations stock-holders and executive or administrative per-sonnel, and the families of such stockholders or personnel, by trade associations must be separately and specifically approved by the member corporation involved prior to such solicitation, and that such member corpora-tion does not approve any such solicitation by more than one such trade association in any calendar year. S
EC. 631. (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion or the administrative expenses in connection with a multi-State qualified health plan offered under a contract under section 1334 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18054) which provides any benefits or coverage for abor-tions. (2) The provision of paragraph (1) shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. S
EC. 632. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion that is in electronic storage with or oth-erwise stored, held, or maintained by that service unless the governmental entity ob-tains a warrant issued upon probable cause by a court of competent jurisdiction using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. S
EC. 633. (a) No funds made available by this Act shall be expended on any enforce-ment action that— (1) concerns a pyramid promotional scheme other than a scheme described in subsection (b); and (2) begins after the date of enactment of this section. (b) The pyramid promotional scheme de-scribed in this subsection is any plan or op-eration in which individuals give consider-ation for the right to receive compensation that is primarily based upon recruiting other individuals into such plan or operation rath-er than related to the— (1) sale of products or services to ultimate users; or (2) consumption by ultimate users. (c) It is not evidence of a pyramid pro-motional scheme described in subsection (b) if participants in the plan or operation give consideration for the right to receive com-pensation based upon purchases of products or services by participants for personal use, consumption, or resale, as long as the plan or operation— (1) does not require inventory loading; and (2) implements a bona fide inventory re-purchase agreement. (d) For purposes of this section— (1) the term ‘‘bona fide inventory repur-chase agreement’’ means a program by which a plan or operation— (A) promises to repurchase, on commer-cially reasonable terms, current and market-able inventory purchased and maintained by a participant for use, consumption, or resale, upon request at the termination of the par-ticipant’s business relationship with the plan or operation; and (B) clearly communicates such terms in its recruiting literature, sales manual, or con-tracts with participants, including the man-ner in which the repurchase is to be exer-cised and disclosure of any inventory not eli-gible for repurchase under the program; (2) the term ‘‘commercially reasonable terms’’ means, with respect to a repurchase of current and marketable inventory, a re-purchase within 12 months from the date of purchase at not less than 90 percent of the original net cost to the participant, less ap-propriate set-offs and legal claims, if any; (3) the term ‘‘inventory loading’’ means a practice in which a plan or operation— (A) requires or encourages its participants to purchase inventory in an amount exceed-ing that which the participant can reason-ably expect to use, consume, or resell to ulti-mate users; and (B) is not subject to a bona fide inventory repurchase agreement; and (4) the term ‘‘ultimate users’’ means indi-viduals who consume or use the products or services, whether or not they are partici-pants in the plan or operation. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS—GOVERNMENT- WIDE DEPARTMENTS , AGENCIES , ANDCORPORATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. No department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States receiving ap-propriated funds under this or any other Act for fiscal year 2018 shall obligate or expend any such funds, unless such department, agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribution of controlled sub-stances (as defined in the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. S
EC. 702. Unless otherwise specifically pro-vided, the maximum amount allowable dur-ing the current fiscal year in accordance with subsection 1343(c) of title 31, United States Code, for the purchase of any pas-senger motor vehicle (exclusive of buses, am-bulances, law enforcement vehicles, protec-tive vehicles, and undercover surveillance vehicles), is hereby fixed at $19,947 except station wagons for which the maximum shall be $19,997: Provided, That these limits may be exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for police- type vehicles: Provided further, That the lim-its set forth in this section may not be ex-ceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hybrid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hy-brid Vehicle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the incremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of com-parable conventionally fueled vehicles: Pro- vided further, That the limits set forth in this section shall not apply to any vehicle that is a commercial item and which operates on al-ternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plug-in hybrid electric, and hydro-gen fuel cell vehicles. S
EC. 703. Appropriations of the executive departments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for ex-penses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity concerned, are hereby made avail-able for quarters allowances and cost-of-liv-ing allowances, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. S
EC. 704. Unless otherwise specified in law during the current fiscal year, no part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used to pay the compensation of any officer or employee of the Government of the United States (including any agency the majority of the stock of which is owned by the Government of the United States) whose post of duty is in the continental United States unless such person: (1) is a cit-izen of the United States; (2) is a person who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence and is seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)(B); (3) is a person who is admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. 1157 or is granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. 1158 and has filed a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible; or (4) is a person who owes al-legiance to the United States: Provided, That for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further, That for purposes of subsections (2) and (3) such affidavits shall be submitted prior to em-ployment and updated thereafter as nec-essary: Provided further, That any payment made to any officer or employee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recov-erable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or em-ployee of the Government of the United States on the date of enactment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to temporary employment of translators, or to temporary employment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emer-gencies: Provided further, That this section does not apply to the employment as Wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA For-est Service pursuant to an agreement with another country. SEC. 705. Appropriations available to any department or agency during the current fis-cal year for necessary expenses, including maintenance or operating expenses, shall also be available for payment to the General Services Administration for charges for space and services and those expenses of ren-ovation and alteration of buildings and fa-cilities which constitute public improve-ments performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. S
EC. 706. In addition to funds provided in this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are authorized to receive and use funds re-sulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule recovered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the fol-lowing purposes: (1) Acquisition, waste reduction and pre-vention, and recycling programs as described in Executive Order No. 13693 (March 19, 2015), including any such programs adopted prior to the effective date of the Executive order. (2) Other Federal agency environmental management programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implemen-tation of hazardous waste management and pollution prevention programs. (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. S
EC. 707. Funds made available by this or any other Act for administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in ad-dition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the event any functions budgeted as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6902 September 6, 2017 
administrative expenses are subsequently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced. S
EC. 708. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for interagency financing of boards (except Federal Executive Boards), commis-sions, councils, committees, or similar groups (whether or not they are interagency entities) which do not have a prior and spe-cific statutory approval to receive financial support from more than one agency or in-strumentality. S
EC. 709. None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a joint resolu-tion duly adopted in accordance with the ap-plicable law of the United States. S
EC. 710. During the period in which the head of any department or agency, or any other officer or civilian employee of the Fed-eral Government appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or redecorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to purchase furniture or make improvements for any such office, un-less advance notice of such furnishing or re-decoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall include the entire suite of offices assigned to the in-dividual, as well as any other space used pri-marily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. S
EC. 711. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as pro-vided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). S
EC. 712. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended by any department, agen-cy, or other instrumentality of the Federal Government to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual appointed to a position of a confidential or policy-determining char-acter that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of sub-part C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the applicable department, agency, or other in-strumentality employing such schedule C in-dividual certifies to the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management that the schedule C position occupied by the indi-vidual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the individual to the White House. (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal employees or members of the Armed Forces detailed to or from an ele-ment of the intelligence community (as that term is defined under section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). S
EC. 713. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the Federal Gov-ernment, who— (1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment from having any direct oral or written communication or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or em-ployee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such com-munication or contact is at the initiative of such other officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or (2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, sta-tus, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, disciplines, or discriminates in re-gard to any employment right, entitlement, or benefit, or any term or condition of em-ployment of, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing ac-tions with respect to such other officer or employee, by reason of any communication or contact of such other officer or employee with any Member, committee, or sub-committee of the Congress as described in paragraph (1). SEC. 714. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. S
EC. 715. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executive-legisla-tive relationships, for publicity or propa-ganda purposes, and for the preparation, dis-tribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, book-let, publication, radio, television, or film presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, ex-cept in presentation to the Congress itself. S
EC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization ex-cept when the employee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 717. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pro-vide any non-public information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any person or any organization out-side of the Federal Government without the approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 718. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be used directly or indirectly, including by private contractor, for publicity or propaganda pur-poses within the United States not here-tofore authorized by Congress. S
EC. 719. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’— (1) means an Executive agency, as defined under 5 U.S.C. 105; and (2) includes a military department, as de-fined under section 102 of such title, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission. (b) Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other purposes, an employee of an agency shall use official time in an honest effort to perform official duties. An employee not under a leave system, including a Presidential ap-pointee exempted under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable proportion of such employee’s time in the performance of official duties. SEC. 720. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, funds made avail-able for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Account-ing Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. S
EC. 721. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency is hereby authorized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ with the approval of the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including re-bates from charge card and other contracts: Provided, That these funds shall be adminis-tered by the Administrator of General Serv-ices to support Government-wide and other multi-agency financial, information tech-nology, procurement, and other management innovations, initiatives, and activities, in-cluding improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the appropriate inter-agency and multi-agency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s Management Council for overall manage-ment improvement initiatives, the Chief Fi-nancial Officers Council for financial man-agement initiatives, the Chief Information Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for pro-curement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance im-provement initiatives): Provided further, That the total funds transferred or reim-bursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce duplication, and for other activities related to Federal Govern-ment Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for Govern-ment-Wide innovations, initiatives, and ac-tivities: Provided further, That the funds transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ during fiscal year 2018 shall re-main available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That such transfers or reimbursements may only be made after 15 days following notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. S
EC. 722. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a woman may breastfeed her child at any location in a Federal building or on Federal property, if the woman and her child are otherwise authorized to be present at the location. S
EC. 723. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of specific projects, work-shops, studies, and similar efforts to carry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6903 September 6, 2017 
out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Execu-tive Order No. 12881), which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided, That the Office of Management and Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the National Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Science and Tech-nology, and the Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. S
EC. 724. Any request for proposals, solici-tation, grant application, form, notification, press release, or other publications involving the distribution of Federal funds shall com-ply with any relevant requirements in part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That this section shall apply to di-rect payments, formula funds, and grants re-ceived by a State receiving Federal funds. S
EC. 725. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL AGEN-
CYMONITORING OF INDIVIDUALS ’ INTERNET  U
SE.—None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— (1) to collect, review, or create any aggre-gation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable informa-tion relating to an individual’s access to or use of any Federal Government Internet site of the agency; or (2) to enter into any agreement with a third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any ag-gregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable in-formation relating to an individual’s access to or use of any nongovernmental Internet site. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations estab-lished in subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1) any record of aggregate data that does not identify particular persons; (2) any voluntary submission of personally identifiable information; (3) any action taken for law enforcement, regulatory, or supervisory purposes, in ac-cordance with applicable law; or (4) any action described in subsection (a)(1) that is a system security action taken by the operator of an Internet site and is nec-essarily incident to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) The term ‘‘regulatory’’ means agency actions to implement, interpret or enforce authorities provided in law. (2) The term ‘‘supervisory’’ means exami-nations of the agency’s supervised institu-tions, including assessing safety and sound-ness, overall financial condition, manage-ment practices and policies and compliance with applicable standards as provided in law. S
EC. 726. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contraceptive coverage. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract with— (1) any of the following religious plans: (A) Personal Care’s HMO; and (B) OSF HealthPlans, Inc.; and (2) any existing or future plan, if the car-rier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs. (c) In implementing this section, any plan that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to discrimination on the basis that the indi-vidual refuses to prescribe or otherwise pro-vide for contraceptives because such activi-ties would be contrary to the individual’s re-ligious beliefs or moral convictions. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to require coverage of abortion or abortion-related services. SEC. 727. The United States is committed to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan American, and Paralympic athletes, and sup-ports the strict adherence to anti-doping in sport through testing, adjudication, edu-cation, and research as performed by nation-ally recognized oversight authorities. S
EC. 728. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated for official travel to Federal departments and agencies may be used by such departments and agen-cies, if consistent with Office of Management and Budget Circular A; 126 regarding official travel for Government personnel, to partici-pate in the fractional aircraft ownership pilot program. S
EC. 729. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no executive branch agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to ex-isting locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement train-ing without the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training which can-not be accommodated in existing Center fa-cilities. S
EC. 730. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an ex-ecutive branch agency to produce any pre-packaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States, unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 731. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations implementing that section. S
EC. 732. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this or any other Act may be used for any Federal Government contract with any foreign incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation under section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(b)) or any subsidiary of such an entity. (b) W
AIVERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Secretary shall waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the authority of such Secretary if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Any Secretary issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall re-port such issuance to Congress. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. S
EC. 733. During fiscal year 2018, for each employee who— (1) retires under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code; or (2) retires under any other provision of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an in-centive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Personnel Management’s average unit cost of processing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until expended to the Of-fice of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative expense under section 8348(a)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 734. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be used to recommend or require any entity submitting an offer for a Federal contract to disclose any of the following information as a condi-tion of submitting the offer: (1) Any payment consisting of a contribu-tion, expenditure, independent expenditure, or disbursement for an electioneering com-munication that is made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to a candidate for election for Federal office or to a political committee, or that is otherwise made with respect to any election for Federal office. (2) Any disbursement of funds (other than a payment described in paragraph (1)) made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to any person with the intent or the reasonable expecta-tion that the person will use the funds to make a payment described in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, each of the terms ‘‘con-tribution’’, ‘‘expenditure’’, ‘‘independent ex-penditure’’, ‘‘electioneering communica-tion’’, ‘‘candidate’’, ‘‘election’’, and ‘‘Federal office’’ has the meaning given such term in the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.). S
EC. 735. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, includ-ing the President, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commissioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as de-fined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legisla-tive branch. S
EC. 736. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise provided in this section, no part of any of the funds appropriated for fiscal year 2018, by this or any other Act, may be used to pay any prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code— (A) during the period from the date of expi-ration of the limitation imposed by the com-parable section for the previous fiscal years until the normal effective date of the appli-cable wage survey adjustment that is to take effect in fiscal year 2018, in an amount that exceeds the rate payable for the applicable grade and step of the applicable wage sched-ule in accordance with such section; and (B) during the period consisting of the re-mainder of fiscal year 2018 , in an amount that exceeds, as a result of a wage survey ad-justment, the rate payable under subpara-graph (A) by more than the sum of— (i) the percentage adjustment taking effect in fiscal year 2018 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and (ii) the difference between the overall aver-age percentage of the locality-based com-parability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2018 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percentage of such pay-ments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no prevailing rate employee described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, and no em-ployee covered by section 5348 of such title, may be paid during the periods for which paragraph (1) is in effect at a rate that ex-ceeds the rates that would be payable under paragraph (1) were paragraph (1) applicable to such employee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6904 September 6, 2017 
(3) For the purposes of this subsection, the rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a schedule not in existence on September 30, 2017, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Man-agement. (4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, rates of premium pay for employees sub-ject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2017, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be con-sistent with the purpose of this subsection. (5) This subsection shall apply with respect to pay for service performed after September 30, 2017. (6) For the purpose of administering any provision of law (including any rule or regu-lation that provides premium pay, retire-ment, life insurance, or any other employee benefit) that requires any deduction or con-tribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the application of this sub-section shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. (7) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-sidered to permit or require the payment to any employee covered by this subsection at a rate in excess of the rate that would be pay-able were this subsection not in effect. (8) The Office of Personnel Management may provide for exceptions to the limita-tions imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are nec-essary to ensure the recruitment or reten-tion of qualified employees. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the ad-justment in rates of basic pay for the statu-tory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2018 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be— (1) not less than the percentage received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the statutory pay systems under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code: Pro- vided, That prevailing rate employees at lo-cations where there are no employees whose pay is increased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in sec-tion 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to be located in the pay locality designated as ‘‘Rest of United States’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this sub-section; and (2) effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2017. S
EC. 737. (a) The head of any Executive branch department, agency, board, commis-sion, or office funded by this or any other ap-propriations Act shall submit annual reports to the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, com-mission, or office during fiscal year 2018 for which the cost to the United States Govern-ment was more than $100,000. (b) Each report submitted shall include, for each conference described in subsection (a) held during the applicable period— (1) a description of its purpose; (2) the number of participants attending; (3) a detailed statement of the costs to the United States Government, including— (A) the cost of any food or beverages; (B) the cost of any audio-visual services; (C) the cost of employee or contractor travel to and from the conference; and (D) a discussion of the methodology used to determine which costs relate to the con-ference; and (4) a description of the contracting proce-dures used including— (A) whether contracts were awarded on a competitive basis; and (B) a discussion of any cost comparison conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. (c) Within 15 days after the end of a quar-ter, the head of any such department, agen-cy, board, commission, or office shall notify the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, of the date, location, and number of em-ployees attending a conference held by any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act during fiscal year 2018 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $20,000. (d) A grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this or any other appropria-tions Act may not be used for the purpose of defraying the costs of a conference described in subsection (c) that is not directly and pro-grammatically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a conference held in connection with planning, training, assessment, review, or other routine purposes related to a project funded by the grant or contract. (e) None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Manage-ment and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revi-sions to that memorandum. SEC. 738. None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently enacted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 739. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to im-plement, administer, enforce, or apply the rule entitled ‘‘Competitive Area’’ published by the Office of Personnel Management in the Federal Register on April 15, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 20180 et seq.). S
EC. 740. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an en-tity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or con-tractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Fed-eral department or agency authorized to re-ceive such information. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classi-fied information. S
EC. 741. (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any other nondisclosure policy, form, or agree-ment if such policy, form, or agreement does not contain the following provisions: ‘‘These provisions are consistent with and do not su-persede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or Executive order relating to: (1) classified information; (2) communications to Congress; (3) the re-porting to an Inspector General of a viola-tion of any law, rule, or regulation, or mis-management, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and spe-cific danger to public health or safety; or (4) any other whistleblower protection. The definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agree-ment and are controlling.’’: Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a person connected with the conduct of an intel-ligence or intelligence-related activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain pro-visions appropriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, re-quire that the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course of such activity unless specifically author-ized to do so by the United States Govern-ment. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclo-sures to Congress, or to an authorized offi-cial of an executive agency or the Depart-ment of Justice, that are essential to report-ing a substantial violation of law. (b) A nondisclosure agreement may con-tinue to be implemented and enforced not-withstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into. (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or en-force any agreement entered into during fis-cal year 2014 which does not contain substan-tially similar language to that required in subsection (a). SEC. 742. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been as-sessed, for which all judicial and administra-tive remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. S
EC. 743. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was con-victed of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determina-tion that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. S
EC. 744. (a) During fiscal year 2018, on the date on which a request is made for a trans-fer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Public Law 111–203, the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6905 September 6, 2017 
(b) Any notification required by this sec-tion shall be made available on the Bureau’s public Web site. S
EC. 745. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce Executive Order No. 13690, ‘‘Establishing a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard and a Process for Further Soliciting and Considering Stake-holder Input’’, including any related rules, interim final rules, or guidance. S
EC. 746. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in any title other than title IV or VIII shall not apply to such title IV or VIII. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS—DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 801. There are appropriated from the applicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settle-ments or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia govern-ment. S
EC. 802. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes or implementation of any policy including boycott designed to support or defeat legislation pending before Congress or any State legislature. S
EC. 803. (a) None of the Federal funds pro-vided under this Act to the agencies funded by this Act, both Federal and District gov-ernment agencies, that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treas-ury of the United States derived by the col-lection of fees available to the agencies fund-ed by this Act, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditures for an agency through a reprogramming of funds which— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or re-sponsibility center; (3) establishes or changes allocations spe-cifically denied, limited or increased under this Act; (4) increases funds or personnel by any means for any program, project, or responsi-bility center for which funds have been de-nied or restricted; (5) re-establishes any program or project previously deferred through reprogramming; (6) augments any existing program, project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) increases by 20 percent or more per-sonnel assigned to a specific program, project or responsibility center, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to approve and execute re-programming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2018. S
EC. 804. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia to provide for salaries, expenses, or other costs associated with the offices of United States Senator or United States Rep-resentative under section 4(d) of the District of Columbia Statehood Constitutional Con-vention Initiatives of 1979 (D.C. Law 3–171; D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–123). S
EC. 805. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made avail-able by this Act or by any other Act may be used to provide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official ve-hicle unless the officer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the offi-cer’s or employee’s official duties. For pur-poses of this section, the term ‘‘official du-ties’’ does not include travel between the of-ficer’s or employee’s residence and work-place, except in the case of— (1) an officer or employee of the Metropoli-tan Police Department who resides in the District of Columbia or is otherwise des-ignated by the Chief of the Department; (2) at the discretion of the Fire Chief, an officer or employee of the District of Colum-bia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (3) at the discretion of the Director of the Department of Corrections, an officer or em-ployee of the District of Columbia Depart-ment of Corrections who resides in the Dis-trict of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (4) at the discretion of the Chief Medical Examiner, an officer or employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Medical Examiner who re-sides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (5) at the discretion of the Director of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (6) the Mayor of the District of Columbia; and (7) the Chairman of the Council of the Dis-trict of Columbia. SEC. 806. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used by the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General or any other officer or entity of the District govern-ment to provide assistance for any petition drive or civil action which seeks to require Congress to provide for voting representa-tion in Congress for the District of Colum-bia. (b) Nothing in this section bars the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General from re-viewing or commenting on briefs in private lawsuits, or from consulting with officials of the District government regarding such law-suits. S
EC. 807. None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to distribute any needle or syringe for the purpose of pre-venting the spread of blood borne pathogens in any location that has been determined by the local public health or local law enforce-ment authorities to be inappropriate for such distribution. S
EC. 808. Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to prevent the Council or Mayor of the District of Columbia from addressing the issue of the provision of contraceptive cov-erage by health insurance plans, but it is the intent of Congress that any legislation en-acted on such issue should include a ‘‘con-science clause’’ which provides exceptions for religious beliefs and moral convictions. S
EC. 809. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to enact or carry out any law, rule, or regulation to le-galize or otherwise reduce penalties associ-ated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative. (b) No funds available for obligation or ex-penditure by the District of Columbia gov-ernment under any authority may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. S
EC. 810. No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority shall be ex-pended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the preg-nancy is the result of an act of rape or in-cest. SEC. 811. (a) No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council of the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42), for all agencies of the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2018 that is in the total amount of the approved appropriation and that realigns all budgeted data for per-sonal services and other-than-personal serv-ices, respectively, with anticipated actual expenditures. (b) This section shall apply only to an agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unantici-pated changes in program requirements. S
EC. 812. No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council for the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget for the District of Columbia Public Schools that aligns schools budgets to actual enroll-ment. The revised appropriated funds budget shall be in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Co-lumbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42). S
EC. 813. (a) Amounts appropriated in this Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once trans-ferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to reprogram or transfer for oper-ating expenses any local funds transferred or reprogrammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or repro-grammed, shall retain appropriation author-ity consistent with the provisions of this Act. (c) The District of Columbia government may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. S
EC. 814. None of the Federal funds appro-priated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appro-priations, unless expressly so provided here-in. S
EC. 815. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law or under this Act, not to ex-ceed 50 percent of unobligated balances re-maining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes author-ized: Provided, That a request shall be sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these re-quests shall be made in compliance with re-programming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. S
EC. 816. (a)(1) During fiscal year 2019, dur-ing a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6906 September 6, 2017 
District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Act referred to in paragraph (2) (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Co-lumbia as of the beginning of the period dur-ing which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. (2) The Act referred to in this paragraph is the Act of the Council of the District of Co-lumbia pursuant to which a proposed budget is approved for fiscal year 2019 which (subject to the requirements of the District of Colum-bia Home Rule Act) will constitute the local portion of the annual budget for the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2019 for purposes of section 446 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.46, D.C. Official Code). (b) Appropriations made by subsection (a) shall cease to be available— (1) during any period in which a District of Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2019 is in effect; or (2) upon the enactment into law of the reg-ular District of Columbia appropriation bill for fiscal year 2019. (c) An appropriation made by subsection (a) is provided under the authority and con-ditions as provided under this Act and shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by this Act. (d) An appropriation made by subsection (a) shall cover all obligations or expendi-tures incurred for such project or activity during the portion of fiscal year 2019 for which this section applies to such project or activity. (e) This section shall not apply to a project or activity during any period of fiscal year 2019 if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— (1) makes an appropriation, makes funds available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such pe-riod; or (2) specifically provides that no appropria-tion shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such project or activity to continue for such period. (f) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to affect obligations of the govern-ment of the District of Columbia mandated by other law. S
EC. 817. (a) Effective with respect to fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding fiscal year, the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012 (D.C. Law 19–321) is hereby repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such Act shall be restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted into law. (b)(1) Section 450 of the District of Colum-bia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.50, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The General Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGEN-
ERAL .—The General Fund’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS PROCESS .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as creating a continuing appro-priation of the General Fund described in subsection (a). All funds provided for the Dis-trict of Columbia shall be appropriated on an annual fiscal year basis through the Federal appropriations process. For each fiscal year, the District shall be subject to all applicable requirements of subchapter III of chapter 13 and subchapter II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Anti-Deficiency Act’), the Budget and Ac-counting Act of 1921, and all other require-ments and restrictions applicable to appro-priations for such fiscal year.’’. (2) Section 603(a) of such Act (sec. 1– 206.03(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘existing’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, or as authorizing the District of Columbia to make any such change.’’. (3) The amendments made by this sub-section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. SEC. 818. (a) No funds available for obliga-tion or expenditure by the District of Colum-bia government under any authority may be used to enact any act, resolution, rule, regu-lation, guidance, or other law to permit any person to carry out any activity, or to re-duce the penalties imposed with respect to any activity, to which subsection (a) of sec-tion 3 of the Assisted Suicide Funding Re-striction Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14402) applies (taking into consideration subsection (b) of such section). (b) Effective February 18, 2017, the Death With Dignity Act of 2016 (D.C. Law 21–182) is hereby repealed. S
EC. 819. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this title or in title IV shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this title or of title IV. TITLE IX—OTHER MATTERS 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  S
EC. 901. The table of contents for this title is as fol-lows: Sec. 901. Table of contents. Sec. 902. Directed rulemaking repeals. Sec. 903. Repeal and modification of provi-sions of the Financial Stability Act of 2010. Sec. 904. Bringing the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation into the ap-propriations process. Sec. 905. Bringing the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency into the appro-priations process. Sec. 906. Bringing the examination and su-pervision functions of the Na-tional Credit Union Adminis-tration into the appropriations process. Sec. 907. Bringing the Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency into the appropriations process. Sec. 908. Bringing the non-monetary policy related functions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System into the appro-priations process. Sec. 909. Increased threshold for disclosures relating to compensatory ben-efit plans. Sec. 910. Refunding or crediting overpay-ment of section 31 fees. Sec. 911. Safe harbor for investment fund re-search. Sec. 912. Annual review of government-busi-ness forum on capital forma-tion. Sec. 913. Helping Angles Lead Our Startups. Sec. 914. Investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds. Sec. 915. Manufactured Housing. Sec. 916. Requirements for deposit account termination requests and or-ders. Sec. 917. Amendments to the Financial In-stitutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989. Sec. 918. Safe harbor for certain loans held on portfolio. Sec. 919. Changes required to small bank holding company policy state-ment on assessment of financial and managerial factors. Sec. 920. Community financial institution mortgage relief. Sec. 921. Regulations appropriate to busi-ness models. Sec. 922. Eliminating barriers to jobs for loan originators. Sec. 923. Small business loan data collection requirement. Sec. 924. Depository institutions subject to maintenance of records and dis-closure requirements. Sec. 925. Rate of interest after transfer of loan. Sec. 926. Bringing the Bureau into the reg-ular appropriations process. Sec. 927. Elimination of supervision author-ity. Sec. 928. Removal of authority to regulate small-dollar credit. Sec. 929. Removal of Bureau UDAAP author-ity. Sec. 930. Repeal of authority to restrict ar-bitration. Sec. 931. Exemption from risk retention re-quirements for nonresidential mortgage. Sec. 932. Prohibition on requiring a single ballot. Sec. 933. Repeal of the Volcker Rule and other provisions. DIRECTED RULEMAKING REPEALS  S
EC. 902. With respect to any directed rulemaking required by a provision of law repealed by this title, to the extent any rule was issued or revised pursuant to such directed rule-making, such rule or revision shall have no force or effect. 
REPEAL AND MODIFICATION OF PROVISIONS OF  
THE FINANCIAL STABILITY ACT OF 2010  S
EC. 903. (a) R
EPEALS .—The following provisions of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 are re-pealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such provisions are restored or revived as if such provisions had not been en-acted: (1) Subtitle B. (2) Section 113. (3) Section 114. (4) Section 115. (5) Section 116. (6) Section 117. (7) Section 119. (8) Section 120. (9) Section 121. (10) Section 161. (11) Section 162. (12) Section 164. (13) Section 166. (14) Section 167. (15) Section 168. (16) Section 170. (17) Section 172. (18) Section 174. (19) Section 175. (b) A
DDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—The Fi- nancial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 102(a), by striking paragraph (5); (2) in section 111— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘who shall each’’ and insert-ing ‘‘who shall, except as provided below, each’’; and (II) by striking subparagraphs (B) through (I) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) each member of the Board of Gov-ernors, who shall collectively have 1 vote on the Council; ‘‘(C) the Comptroller of the Currency; ‘‘(D) the Director of the Bureau; ‘‘(E) each member of the Commission, who shall collectively have 1 vote on the Council; ‘‘(F) each member of the Corporation, who shall collectively have 1 vote on the Council; ‘‘(G) each member of the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission, who shall collec-tively have 1 vote on the Council; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6907 September 6, 2017 
‘‘(H) the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency; ‘‘(I) each member of the National Credit Union Administration Board, who shall col-lectively have 1 vote on the Council; and’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), respectively; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) V
OTING BY MULTI -PERSON ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) V
OTING WITHIN THE ENTITY .—An entity described under subparagraph (B), (E), (F), (G), or (I) of paragraph (1) shall determine the entity’s Council vote by using the voting process normally applicable to votes by the entity’s members. ‘‘(B) C
ASTING OF ENTITY VOTE .—The 1 col-lective Council vote of an entity described under subparagraph (A) shall be cast by the head of such agency or, in the event such head is unable to cast such vote, the next most senior member of the entity avail-able.’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The independent member of the Council shall serve for a term of 6 years, and each non-voting member described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of’’ and inserting ‘‘Each non-voting members described under’’; (C) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
TAFF ACCESS .—Any member of the Council may select to have one or more indi-viduals on the member’s staff attend a meet-ing of the Council, including any meeting of representatives of the member agencies other than the members themselves. ‘‘(4) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—All public meetings of the Council shall be open to the attendance by members of the authorization and oversight committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(5) T
RANSCRIPTION REQUIREMENT FOR NON - 
PUBLIC MEETINGS .—The Council shall create and preserve transcripts for all non-public meetings of the Council. ‘‘(6) M
EMBER AGENCY MEETINGS .—Any meet-ing of representatives of the member agen-cies other than the members themselves shall be open to attendance by staff of the authorization and oversight committees of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate.’’; (D) by striking subsection (g) (relating to the nonapplicability of FACA); (E) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) O
PEN MEETING REQUIREMENT .—The Council shall be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Government in the Sunshine Act’). ‘‘(h) C
ONFIDENTIAL CONGRESSIONAL BRIEF-
INGS.—The Chairperson shall at regular times but not less than annually provide confidential briefings to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, which may in the discretion of the Chairman of the respective committee be attended by any combination of the committee’s mem-bers or staff.’’; and (F) by redesignating subsections (h) through (j) as subsections (i) through (k), re-spectively; (3) in section 112— (A) in subsection (a)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘direct the Office of Financial Research to’’; (ii) by striking subparagraphs (B), (H), and (I); (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (J), (K), (L), (M), and (N) as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), (J), and (K), respectively; (iv) in subparagraph (K), as so redesig-nated— (I) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by striking clauses (iv) and (v); and (III) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (iv); and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Office of Financial Research, member agencies,’’ and inserting ‘‘member agencies’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Office of Financial Research, any member agency,’’ and inserting ‘‘member agencies’’; (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘, acting through the Office of Financial Research,’’ each place it ap-pears; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the Office of Financial Research or’’; and (iv) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘, the Office of Financial Research,’’; (4) by amending section 118 to read as fol-lows: ‘‘SEC. 118. COUNCIL FUNDING. 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Council $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter to carry out the duties of the Council.’’; (5) in section 163— (A) by striking subsection (a); (B) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (a); and (C) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘or a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors’’ each place such term appears; (6) in section 165— (A) by striking ‘‘nonbank financial compa-nies supervised by the Board of Governors and’’ each place such term appears; (B) by striking ‘‘nonbank financial com-pany supervised by the Board of Governors and’’ each place such term appears; (C) in subsection (a), by amending para-graph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) T
AILORED APPLICATION .—In prescribing more stringent prudential standards under this section, the Board of Governors may dif-ferentiate among companies on an individual basis or by category, taking into consider-ation their capital structure, riskiness, com-plexity, financial activities (including the fi-nancial activities of their subsidiaries), size, and any other risk-related factors that the Board of Governors deems appropriate.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)(iv), by striking ‘‘, on its own or pursuant to a recommendation made by the Council in accordance with sec-tion 115,’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘foreign nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Gov-ernors or’’; (II) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘give due’’ and inserting ‘‘shall give due’’; (III) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (IV) by striking subparagraph (B); (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking clause (i); (bb) by redesignating clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively; and (cc) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C); and (III) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (B); and (iv) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (E) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under sec-tion 115(c)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) any recommendations of the Coun-cil;’’; and (II) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (F) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial com-pany supervised by the Board of Governors or’’ each place such term appears; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘periodi-cally’’ and inserting ‘‘not more often than every 2 years’’; (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Board’’; (II) by striking ‘‘shall review’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) review’’; (III) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date the bank hold-ing company submits the resolution plan, provide feedback to the bank holding com-pany on such plan. ‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE OF ASSESSMENT FRAME -
WORK .—The Board of Governors shall pub-licly disclose, including on the website of the Board of Governors, the assessment frame-work that is used to review information under this paragraph and shall provide the public with a notice and comment period be-fore finalizing such assessment framework.’’. (iv) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘nonbank financial company supervised by the Board, any bank holding company,’’ and inserting ‘‘bank holding company’’; (G) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’ each place such term appears; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (H) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘and any nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors’’; (I) in subsection (h)— (i) by striking paragraph (1); (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively; (iii) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (iv) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or bank holding com-pany described in subsection (a), as applica-ble’’ and inserting ‘‘a bank holding company described in subsection (a)’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or a bank holding company described in subsection (a), as ap-plicable’’ and inserting ‘‘a bank holding com-pany described in subsection (a)’’; (J) in subsection (i)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, in coordination with the appropriate primary financial regulatory agencies and the Fed-eral Insurance Office,’’; (II) in subparagraph (B)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6908 September 6, 2017 
(aa) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) shall— ‘‘(I) issue regulations, after providing for public notice and comment, that provide for at least 3 different sets of conditions under which the evaluation required by this sub-section shall be conducted, including base-line, adverse, and severely adverse, and methodologies, including models used to es-timate losses on certain assets, and the Board of Governors shall not carry out any such evaluation until 60 days after such reg-ulations are issued; and ‘‘(II) provide copies of such regulations to the Comptroller General of the United States and the Panel of Economic Advisors of the Congressional Budget Office before pub-lishing such regulations;’’; (bb) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and nonbank financial companies’’; (cc) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (dd) in clause (v), by striking the period and inserting the following: ‘‘, including any results of a resubmitted test;’’; and (ee) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) shall, in establishing the severely ad-verse condition under clause (i), provide de-tailed consideration of the model’s effects on financial stability and the cost and avail-ability of credit; ‘‘(vii) shall, in developing the models and methodologies and providing them for notice and comment under this subparagraph, pub-lish a process to test the models and meth-odologies for their potential to magnify sys-temic and institutional risks instead of fa-cilitating increased resiliency; ‘‘(viii) shall design and publish a process to test and document the sensitivity and uncer-tainty associated with the model system’s data quality, specifications, and assump-tions; and ‘‘(ix) shall communicate the range and sources of uncertainty surrounding the mod-els and methodologies.’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) CCAR 
REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) P
ARAMETERS AND CONSEQUENCES APPLI -
CABLE TO CCAR .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (B) shall apply to CCAR. ‘‘(ii) T
WO-YEAR LIMITATION .—The Board of Governors may not subject a company to CCAR more than once every two years. ‘‘(iii) M
ID-CYCLE RESUBMISSION .—If a com-pany receives a quantitative objection to, or otherwise desires to amend the company’s capital plan, the company may file a new streamlined plan at any time after a capital planning exercise has been completed and be-fore a subsequent capital planning exercise. ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION ON QUALITATIVE CAPITAL  
PLANNING OBJECTIONS .—In carrying out CCAR, the Board of Governors may not ob-ject to a company’s capital plan on the basis of qualitative deficiencies in the company’s capital planning process. ‘‘(v) C
OMPANY INQUIRIES .—The Board of Governors shall establish and publish proce-dures for responding to inquiries from com-panies subject to CCAR, including estab-lishing the time frame in which such re-sponses will be made, and make such proce-dures publicly available. ‘‘(vi) CCAR 
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph and subparagraph (E), the term ‘CCAR’ means the Comprehensive Cap-ital Analysis and Review established by the Board of Governors.’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘a bank holding company’’ and inserting ‘‘bank holding company’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘semiannual’’ and insert-ing ‘‘annual’’; (cc) by striking ‘‘All other financial com-panies’’ and inserting ‘‘All other bank hold-ing companies’’; and (dd) by striking ‘‘and are regulated by a primary Federal financial regulatory agen-cy’’; (II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘and to its primary finan-cial regulatory agency’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘primary financial regu-latory agency’’ the second time it appears and inserting ‘‘Board of Governors’’; and (III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Each Federal primary fi-nancial regulatory agency, in coordination with the Board of Governors and the Federal Insurance Office,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Board of Governors’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘consistent and com-parable’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) ACCOUNTABILITY AND APPROPRIATENESS  
IN BANK HOLDING COMPANY STRESS TESTS .— ‘‘(A) Q
UALITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ASSUR -
ANCE .—No annual test or exercise conducted by the Board of Governors under this sub-section or any other provision of law shall serve as a basis for restricting a capital dis-tribution by a bank holding company unless the Board of Governor’s Vice Chair for Su-pervision certifies in writing to the Congress that any model or combination of models used therein are demonstrably more accu-rate than any similar model or combination of models utilized by the bank holding com-pany in a stress test conducted under para-graph (2). ‘‘(B) P
ROCESS .—Any action taken by the Board of Governors to restrict a capital dis-tribution by a bank holding company on the basis of a stress test or exercise conducted by the Board of Governors under this sub-section or any other provision of law shall be conducted pursuant to a capital directive subject to, and issued in accordance with, section 908(b)(2) of the International Lending Supervision Act of 1983 (12 U.S.C. 3907(b)(2).’’; (K) in subsection (j)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the fac-tors described in subsections (a) and (b) of section 113 and any other’’ and inserting ‘‘any’’; and (L) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF OTHER RESOLUTION PLAN R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an appro-priate Federal banking agency that requires a banking organization to submit to the agency a resolution plan not described under section 165(d) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act— (A) the agency shall comply with the re-quirements of paragraphs (3) and (4) of such section 165(d); (B) the agency may not require the submis-sion of such a resolution plan more often than every 2 years; and (C) paragraphs (6) and (7) of such section 165(d) shall apply to such a resolution plan. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ and ‘‘banking organiza-tion’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 105. (d) A
CTIONS TO CREATE A BANK HOLDING  C
OMPANY .—Section 3(b)(1) of the Bank Hold-ing Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1842(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Upon receiving’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) IMMEDIATE ACTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Board may not take any action pursuant to clause (i) on an appli-cation that would cause any company to be-come a bank holding company unless such application involves the company acquiring a bank that is critically undercapitalized (as such term is defined under section 38(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act).’’. (e) C
ONCENTRATION LIMITS APPLIED ONLY TO  B
ANKING ORGANIZATIONS .—Section 14 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1852) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘financial company’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘banking organization’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) the term ‘banking organization’ means— ‘‘(A) an insured depository institution; ‘‘(B) a bank holding company; ‘‘(C) a savings and loan holding company; ‘‘(D) a company that controls an insured depository institution; and ‘‘(E) a foreign bank or company that is treated as a bank holding company for pur-poses of this Act; and’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C); and (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘financial companies’’ and inserting ‘‘banking organi-zations’’. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3502(5) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of Financial Research,’’. (g) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents under section 1(b) of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the items relating to subtitle B of title I and 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 119, 120, 121, 161, 162, 164, 166, 167, 168, 170, 172, 174, and 175. 
BRINGING THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE  
CORPORATION INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS  
PROCESS  S
EC. 904. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 10(a) of the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) The’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) P
OWERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, subject to paragraph (2),’’ after ‘‘The Board of Directors of the Corporation’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .—Ex- cept as provided under paragraph (3), the Corporation may, only to the extent as pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts, cover the costs incurred in carrying out the provisions of this Act, including with respect to the administrative costs of the Corpora-tion and the costs of the examination and su-pervision of insured depository institutions. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROGRAMS .— Paragraph (2) shall not apply to the Corpora-tion’s Insurance Business Line Programs and Receivership Management Business Line Programs, as in existence on the date of en-actment of this paragraph, and the propor-tion of the administrative costs of the Cor-poration related to such programs.’’. (b) E
XAMINATION FEES.—Section 10(e)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6909 September 6, 2017 
1820(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘to meet the expenses of the Corporation in carrying out such examinations’’ and inserting ‘‘and may be expended by the Board only to the extent as provided in advance by appropria-tions Acts to cover the costs incurred in car-rying out such examinations’’. (c) O
FFSET OF ADDITIONAL FEES.—The Fed- eral Deposit Insurance Corporation shall re-duce the amount of insurance premiums charged by the Corporation under the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Act in an amount equal to any additional fees charged by the Corporation by reason of the amendments made by this section. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to expenses paid and fees collected on or after October 1, 2018. 
BRINGING THE FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE  
AGENCY INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS  S
EC. 905. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1316 of the Hous-ing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4516) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Agency shall collect assess-ments and other fees that are designed to re-cover the costs to the Government of the an-nual appropriation to the Agency by Con-gress. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Assess- ments and other fees described under para-graph (1) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited and credited as off-setting collections to the account providing appropriations to the Agency; and ‘‘(B) shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriation Acts.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (f). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to expenses paid and assessments and other fees collected on or after October 1, 2018. 
BRINGING THE EXAMINATION AND SUPERVISION  
FUNCTIONS OF THE NATIONAL CREDIT UNION  
ADMINISTRATION INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS  
PROCESS  S
EC. 906. (a) O
PERATING FEES.—Section 105(d) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1755(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) All’’; (2) by striking ‘‘for the account of the Ad-ministration and may be expended by the Board to defray the expenses incurred in car-rying out the provisions of this Act includ-ing the examination and supervision of Fed-eral credit unions’’ and inserting ‘‘and may be expended by the Board only to the extent as provided in advance by appropriations Acts, to cover the costs incurred in carrying out the provisions of this Act with respect to the costs of the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions and the proportion of the administrative costs of the Board re-lated to the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2)(A) The Board may only use amounts in the NCUA Operating Fund to the extent as provided in advance by appropriations Acts, including to pay for the costs incurred by the Board in carrying out the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions and the proportion of the administrative costs of the Board related to the examination and su-pervision of Federal credit unions. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the Board’s activities carried out pursuant to title II.’’. (b) STAFF FUNDING .—Section 120(j)(3) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1766(j)(3)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘related to the examina-tion and supervision of Federal credit unions under this Act and the proportion of the ad-ministrative costs of the Board related to the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions under this Act’’ before ‘‘shall be paid’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘insured credit unions under this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal cred-it unions under this title, only to the extent as provided in advance by appropriations Acts’’. (c) U
SE OF DEPOSIT FUNDS .—Section 202(c)(1)(B)(iv) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1782(c)(1)(B)(iv)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘To the extent provided for in advance by appro-priations Acts, the’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This clause shall not apply to the Board’s activities carried out pursuant to this title.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to expenses paid and fees collected on or after October 1, 2018. 
BRINGING THE OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF  
THE CURRENCY INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS  
PROCESS  S
EC. 907. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 5240A of the Re-vised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 16) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Sec. 5240A. The Comp-troller of the Currency may collect an as-sessment, fee, or other charge from any enti-ty described in section 3(q)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)(1)), as the Comptroller determines is necessary or appropriate to carry out the responsibil-ities of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. In establishing the amount of an assessment, fee, or charge collected from an entity under this section,’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5240A. COLLECTION OF FEES; APPROPRIA-TIONS REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In establishing the amount of an assessment, fee, or charge col-lected from an entity under subsection (b),’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Funds derived’’ and all that follows through the end of the section; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Comptroller of the Currency shall impose and collect assessments, fees, or other charges that are designed to recover the costs to the Government of the annual appropriation to the Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency by Congress. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Assess- ments and other fees described under para-graph (1) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited and credited as off-setting collections to the account providing appropriations to the Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency; and ‘‘(B) shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriation Acts.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5240 (12 U.S.C. 481 et seq.) of the Revised Statutes of the United States is amended by striking the fourth undesignated paragraph. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to expenses paid and fees collected on or after October 1, 2018. 
BRINGING THE NON -MONETARY POLICY RELATED  
FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF  
THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM INTO THE AP -
PROPRIATIONS PROCESS  S
EC. 908. (a) INGENERAL .—The Federal Reserve Act is amended by inserting after section 11B the following: 
‘‘SEC. 11C. APPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT FOR NON-MONETARY POLICY RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS. 
‘‘(a) A PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal re-serve banks shall collect assessments and other fees, as provided under this Act, that are designed to recover the costs to the Gov-ernment of the annual appropriation to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System by Congress. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Fed-eral reserve banks may only incur obliga-tions or allow and pay expenses with respect to non-monetary policy related administra-tive costs pursuant to an appropriations Act. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Assess- ments and other fees described under para-graph (1) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited and credited as off-setting collections to the account providing appropriations to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and ‘‘(B) shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriation Acts. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—This subsection shall only apply to the non-monetary policy re-lated administrative costs of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) M
ONETARY POLICY .—The term ‘mone-tary policy’ means a strategy for producing a generally acceptable exchange medium that supports the productive employment of economic resources by reliably serving as both a unit of account and store of value. ‘‘(2) N
ON-MONETARY POLICY RELATED ADMIN -
ISTRATIVE COSTS .—The term ‘non-monetary policy related administrative costs’ means administrative costs not related to the con-duct of monetary policy, and includes— ‘‘(A) direct operating expenses for super-vising and regulating entities supervised and regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including con-ducting examinations, conducting stress tests, communicating with the entities re-garding supervisory matters and laws, and regulations; ‘‘(B) operating expenses for activities inte-gral to carrying out supervisory and regu-latory responsibilities, such as training staff in the supervisory function, research and analysis functions including library sub-scription services, and collecting and proc-essing regulatory reports filed by supervised institutions; and ‘‘(C) support, overhead, and pension ex-penses related to the items described under subparagraphs (A) and (B).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to expenses paid and fees collected on or after October 1, 2018. 
INCREASED THRESHOLD FOR DISCLOSURES  
RELATING TO COMPENSATORY BENEFIT PLANS  S
EC. 909. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise section 230.701(e) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, so as to increase from $5,000,000 to $20,000,000 the aggregate sales price or amount of securities sold during any con-secutive 12-month period in excess of which the issuer is required under such section to deliver an additional disclosure to investors. The Commission shall index for inflation such aggregate sales price or amount every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6910 September 6, 2017 
Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, rounding to the nearest $1,000,000. 
REFUNDING OR CREDITING OVERPAYMENT OF  
SECTION 31 FEES  S
EC. 910. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 31 of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) O
VERPAYMENT .—If a national securi-ties exchange or national securities associa-tion pays to the Commission an amount in excess of fees and assessments due under this section and informs the Commission of such amount paid in excess within 10 years of the date of the payment, the Commission shall offset future fees and assessments due by such exchange or association in an amount equal to such excess amount.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by this section shall apply to any fees and assessments paid before, on, or after the date of enactment of this section. 
SAFE HARBOR FOR INVESTMENT FUND RESEARCH  S
EC. 911. (a) E
XPANSION OF THE SAFEHARBOR .—Not later than the end of the 45-day period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall propose, and not later than the end of the 120-day period beginning on such date, the Commission shall adopt, upon such terms, conditions, or requirements as the Commission may determine necessary or ap-propriate in the public interest, for the pro-tection of investors, and for the promotion of capital formation, revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that a covered investment fund re-search report that is published or distributed by a broker or dealer— (1) shall be deemed, for purposes of sections 2(a)(10) and 5(c) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(10), 77e(c)), not to constitute an offer for sale or an offer to sell a security that is the subject of an offering pursuant to a registration statement that is effective, even if the broker or dealer is participating or will participate in the registered offering of the covered investment fund’s securities; and (2) shall be deemed to satisfy the condi-tions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor provisions, for pur-poses of the Commission’s rules and regula-tions under the Federal securities laws and the rules of any self-regulatory organization. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF SAFE HARBOR .—In implementing the safe harbor pursuant to subsection (a), the Commission shall— (1) not, in the case of a covered investment fund with a class of securities in substan-tially continuous distribution, condition the safe harbor on whether the broker’s or deal-er’s publication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report constitutes such broker’s or dealer’s initiation or reiniti-ation of research coverage on such covered investment fund or its securities; (2) not— (A) require the covered investment fund to have been registered as an investment com-pany under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) or subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o(d)) for any period exceeding the period of time referenced under para-graph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; or (B) impose a minimum float provision ex-ceeding that referenced in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1)(i) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; (3) provide that a self-regulatory organiza-tion may not maintain or enforce any rule that would— (A) prohibit the ability of a member to publish or distribute a covered investment fund research report solely because the mem-ber is also participating in a registered offer-ing or other distribution of any securities of such covered investment fund; or (B) prohibit the ability of a member to par-ticipate in a registered offering or other dis-tribution of securities of a covered invest-ment fund solely because the member has published or distributed a covered invest-ment fund research report about such cov-ered investment fund or its securities; and (4) provide that a covered investment fund research report shall not be subject to sec-tion 24(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)) or the rules and reg-ulations thereunder, except that such report may still be subject to such section and the rules and regulations thereunder to the ex-tent that it is otherwise not subject to the content standards in the rules of any self- regulatory organization related to research reports, including those contained in the rules governing communications with the public regarding investment companies or substantially similar standards. (c) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as in any way limiting— (1) the applicability of the antifraud or antimanipulation provisions of the Federal securities laws and rules adopted thereunder to a covered investment fund research re-port, including section 17 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q), section 34(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–33), and sections 9 and 10 of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78i, 78j); or (2) the authority of any self-regulatory or-ganization to examine or supervise a mem-ber’s practices in connection with such mem-ber’s publication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report for compli-ance with applicable provisions of the Fed-eral securities laws or self-regulatory orga-nization rules related to research reports, in-cluding those contained in rules governing communications with the public. (d) I
NTERIM EFFECTIVENESS OF SAFE HAR-
BOR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—From and after the 120- day period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, if the Commission has not adopted revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, as required by subsection (a), and until such time as the Commission has done so, a broker or dealer distributing or publishing a covered invest-ment fund research report after such date shall be able to rely on the provisions of sec-tion 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regu-lations, and the broker or dealer’s publica-tion of such report shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, if the covered investment fund that is the subject of such report satisfies the reporting history requirements (without regard to Form S–3 or Form F–3 eligibility) and minimum float provisions of such sub-sections for purposes of the Commission’s rules and regulations under the Federal secu-rities laws and the rules of any self-regu-latory organization, as if revised and imple-mented in accordance with subsections (a) and (b). (2) S
TATUS OF COVERED INVESTMENT FUND .— After such period and until the Commission has adopted revisions to section 230.139 and FINRA has revised rule 2210, for purposes of subsection (c)(7)(O) of such rule, a covered investment fund shall be deemed to be a se-curity that is listed on a national securities exchange and that is not subject to section 24(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)). Communications con-cerning only covered investment funds that fall within the scope of such section shall not be required to be filed with FINRA. (e) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: (1) The term ‘‘covered investment fund re-search report’’ means a research report pub-lished or distributed by a broker or dealer about a covered investment fund or any se-curities issued by the covered investment fund, but not including a research report to the extent that it is published or distributed by the covered investment fund or any affil-iate of the covered investment fund. (2) The term ‘‘covered investment fund’’ means— (A) an investment company registered under, or that has filed an election to be treated as a business development company under, the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that has filed a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 for the pub-lic offering of a class of its securities, which registration statement has been declared ef-fective by the Commission; and (B) a trust or other person— (i) issuing securities in an offering reg-istered under the Securities Act of 1933 and which class of securities is listed for trading on a national securities exchange; (ii) the assets of which consist primarily of commodities, currencies, or derivative in-struments that reference commodities or currencies, or interests in the foregoing; and (iii) that provides in its registration state-ment under the Securities Act of 1933 that a class of its securities are purchased or re-deemed, subject to conditions or limitations, for a ratable share of its assets. (3) The term ‘‘FINRA’’ means the Finan-cial Industry Regulatory Authority. (4) The term ‘‘research report’’ has the meaning given that term under section 2(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(3)), except that such term shall not in-clude an oral communication. (5) The term ‘‘self-regulatory organiza-tion’’ has the meaning given to that term under section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)). 
ANNUAL REVIEW OF GOVERNMENT -BUSINESS  
FORUM ON CAPITAL FORMATION  S
EC. 912. Section 503 of the Small Business Invest-ment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) The Commission shall— ‘‘(1) review the findings and recommenda-tions of the forum; and ‘‘(2) each time the forum submits a finding or recommendation to the Commission, promptly issue a public statement— ‘‘(A) assessing the finding or recommenda-tion of the forum; and ‘‘(B) disclosing the action, if any, the Com-mission intends to take with respect to the finding or recommendation.’’. 
HELPING ANGLES LEAD OUR STARTUPS  S
EC. 913. (a) D
EFINITION OF ANGEL INVESTOR  G
ROUP .—As used in this subtitle, the term ‘‘angel investor group’’ means any group that— (1) is composed of accredited investors in-terested in investing personal capital in early-stage companies; (2) holds regular meetings and has defined processes and procedures for making invest-ment decisions, either individually or among the membership of the group as a whole; and (3) is neither associated nor affiliated with brokers, dealers, or investment advisers. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF GENERAL SOLICITA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6911 September 6, 2017 
revise Regulation D of its rules (17 CFR 230.500 et seq.) to require that in carrying out the prohibition against general solicitation or general advertising contained in section 230.502(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the prohibition shall not apply to a presentation or other communication made by or on behalf of an issuer which is made at an event— (A) sponsored by— (i) the United States or any territory thereof, by the District of Columbia, by any State, by a political subdivision of any State or territory, or by any agency or public in-strumentality of any of the foregoing; (ii) a college, university, or other institu-tion of higher education; (iii) a nonprofit organization; (iv) an angel investor group; (v) a venture forum, venture capital asso-ciation, or trade association; or (vi) any other group, person or entity as the Securities and Exchange Commission may determine by rule; (B) where any advertising for the event does not reference any specific offering of se-curities by the issuer; (C) the sponsor of which— (i) does not make investment recommenda-tions or provide investment advice to event attendees; (ii) does not engage in an active role in any investment negotiations between the issuer and investors attending the event; (iii) does not charge event attendees any fees other than administrative fees; and (iv) does not receive any compensation with respect to such event that would re-quire registration of the sponsor as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; and (D) where no specific information regard-ing an offering of securities by the issuer is communicated or distributed by or on behalf of the issuer, other than— (i) that the issuer is in the process of offer-ing securities or planning to offer securities; (ii) the type and amount of securities being offered; (iii) the amount of securities being offered that have already been subscribed for; and (iv) the intended use of proceeds of the of-fering. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Paragraph (1) may only be construed as requiring the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission to amend the requirements of Regulation D with re-spect to presentations and communications, and not with respect to purchases or sales. 
INVESTOR LIMITATION FOR QUALIFYING  
VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS  S
EC. 914. Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) by inserting after ‘‘one hundred per-sons’’ the following: ‘‘(or, with respect to a qualifying venture capital fund, 500 per-sons)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) The term ‘qualifying venture capital fund’ means any venture capital fund (as de-fined pursuant to section 203(l)(1) of the In-vestment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b– 3(l)(1)) with no more than $50,000,000 in ag-gregate capital contributions and uncalled committed capital, as such dollar amount is annually adjusted by the Commission to re-flect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor.’’. 
MANUFACTURED HOUSING  S
EC. 915. (a) MORTGAGE ORIGINATOR DEFINITION .— Section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602) is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (cc) and subsection (dd) as subsections (dd) and (ee), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (2)(C) of subsection (dd), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘an employee of a retailer of manufactured homes who is not described in clause (i) or (iii) of subpara-graph (A) and who does not advise a con-sumer on loan terms (including rates, fees, and other costs)’’ and inserting ‘‘a retailer of manufactured or modular homes or its em-ployees unless such retailer or its employees receive compensation or gain for engaging in activities described in subparagraph (A) that is in excess of any compensation or gain re-ceived in a comparable cash transaction’’. (b) H
IGH-COSTMORTGAGE DEFINITION .—Sec- tion 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (aa) (relat-ing to disclosure of greater amount or per-centage), as so designated by section 1100A of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as subsection (bb); (2) by redesignating subsection (bb) (relat-ing to high cost mortgages), as so designated by section 1100A of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as subsection (aa), and moving such subsection to immediately follow subsection (z); and (3) in subsection (aa)(1)(A), as so redesig-nated— (A) in clause (i)(I), by striking ‘‘(8.5 per-centage points, if the dwelling is personal property and the transaction is for less than $50,000)’’ and inserting ‘‘(10 percentage points if the dwelling is personal property or is a transaction that does not include the pur-chase of real property on which a dwelling is to be placed, and the transaction is for less than $75,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Bureau to reflect the change in the Con-sumer Price Index))’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) in the case of a transaction for less than $75,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Bureau to reflect the change in the Con-sumer Price Index) in which the dwelling is personal property (or is a consumer credit transaction that does not include the pur-chase of real property on which a dwelling is to be placed) the greater of 5 percent of the total transaction amount or $3,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Bureau to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index); or’’. 
REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPOSIT ACCOUNT  
TERMINATION REQUESTS AND ORDERS  S
EC. 916. (a) T
ERMINATION REQUESTS OR ORDERS  M
USTBEMATERIAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not formally or infor-mally request or order a depository institu-tion to terminate a specific customer ac-count or group of customer accounts or to otherwise restrict or discourage a depository institution from entering into or maintain-ing a banking relationship with a specific customer or group of customers unless— (A) the agency has a material reason for such request or order; and (B) such reason is not based solely on rep-utation risk. (2) T
REATMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
THREATS .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency believes a specific customer or group of customers is, or is acting as a conduit for, an entity which— (A) poses a threat to national security; (B) is involved in terrorist financing; (C) is an agency of the government of Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any country listed from time to time on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list; (D) is located in, or is subject to the juris-diction of, any country specified in subpara-graph (C); or (E) does business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), unless the appro-priate Federal banking agency determines that the customer or group of customers has used due diligence to avoid doing business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), such belief shall satisfy the requirement under paragraph (1). (b) NOTICE REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency formally or informally re-quests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the agency shall— (A) provide such request or order to the in-stitution in writing; and (B) accompany such request or order with a written justification for why such termi-nation is needed, including any specific laws or regulations the agency believes are being violated by the customer or group of cus-tomers, if any. (2) J
USTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A jus- tification described under paragraph (1)(B) may not be based solely on the reputation risk to the depository institution. (c) C
USTOMER NOTICE .— (1) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), if an appropriate Fed-eral banking agency orders a depository in-stitution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the depository institution shall inform the cus-tomer or customers of the justification for the customer’s account termination de-scribed under subsection (b). (2) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN CASES OF NATIONAL  
SECURITY .—If an appropriate Federal bank-ing agency requests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts based on a belief that the customer or cus-tomers pose a threat to national security, or are otherwise described under subsection (a)(2), neither the depository institution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the customer or customers of the jus-tification for the customer’s account termi-nation. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each appro-priate Federal banking agency shall issue an annual report to the Congress stating— (1) the aggregate number of specific cus-tomer accounts that the agency requested or ordered a depository institution to termi-nate during the previous year; and (2) the legal authority on which the agency relied in making such requests and orders and the frequency on which the agency relied on each such authority. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ means— (A) the appropriate Federal banking agen-cy, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) the National Credit Union Administra-tion, in the case of an insured credit union. (2) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘depository institution’’ means— (A) a depository institution, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) an insured credit union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6912 September 6, 2017 
AMENDMENTS TO THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
REFORM , RECOVERY , AND ENFORCEMENT ACT  
OF 1989  S
EC. 917. Section 951 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1833a) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘affect-ing a federally insured financial institution’’ and inserting ‘‘against a federally insured fi-nancial institution or by a federally insured financial institution against an unaffiliated third person’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
UB-
POENAS ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NVESTIGATIONS ’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (1)(C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) summon witnesses and require the production of any books, papers, correspond-ence, memoranda, or other records which the Attorney General deems relevant or material to the inquiry, if the Attorney General— ‘‘(i) requests a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction for such actions and offers specific and articulable facts showing that there are reasonable grounds to believe that the information or testimony sought is relevant and material for conducting an in-vestigation under this section; or ‘‘(ii) either personally or through delega-tion no lower than the Deputy Attorney Gen-eral, issues and signs a subpoena for such ac-tions and such subpoena is supported by spe-cific and articulable facts showing that there are reasonable grounds to believe that the information or testimony sought is relevant for conducting an investigation under this section.’’. 
SAFE HARBOR FOR CERTAIN LOANS HELD ON  
PORTFOLIO  S
EC. 918. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 129C of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) S
AFEHARBOR FOR CERTAIN LOANS HELD 
ONPORTFOLIO .— ‘‘(1) S
AFE HARBOR FOR CREDITORS THAT ARE  
DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A creditor that is a de-pository institution shall not be subject to suit for failure to comply with subsection (a), (c)(1), or (f)(2) of this section or section 129H with respect to a residential mortgage loan, and the banking regulators shall treat such loan as a qualified mortgage, if— ‘‘(i) the creditor has, since the origination of the loan, held the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor; and ‘‘(ii) all prepayment penalties with respect to the loan comply with the limitations de-scribed under subsection (c)(3). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS .— In the case of a depository institution that transfers a loan originated by that institu-tion to another depository institution by reason of the bankruptcy or failure of the originating depository institution or the purchase of the originating depository insti-tution, the depository institution transfer-ring such loan shall be deemed to have com-plied with the requirement under subpara-graph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) S
AFE HARBOR FOR MORTGAGE ORIGINA -
TORS .—A mortgage originator shall not be subject to suit for a violation of section 129B(c)(3)(B) for steering a consumer to a res-idential mortgage loan if— ‘‘(A) the creditor of such loan is a deposi-tory institution and has informed the mort-gage originator that the creditor intends to hold the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor for the life of the loan; and ‘‘(B) the mortgage originator informs the consumer that the creditor intends to hold the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor for the life of the loan. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) B
ANKING REGULATORS .—The term ‘banking regulators’ means the Federal banking agencies, the Bureau, and the Na-tional Credit Union Administration. ‘‘(B) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘depository institution’ has the meaning given that term under section 19(b)(1) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 505(b)(1)). ‘‘(C) F
EDERAL BANKING AGENCIES .—The term ‘Federal banking agencies’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendment made by this section may be construed as preventing a balloon loan from qualifying for the safe harbor provided under section 129C(j) of the Truth in Lending Act if the balloon loan otherwise meets all of the requirements under such subsection (j), re-gardless of whether the balloon loan meets the requirements described under clauses (i) through (iv) of section 129C(b)(2)(E) of such Act. 
CHANGES REQUIRED TO SMALL BANK HOLDING  
COMPANY POLICY STATEMENT ON ASSESSMENT  
OF FINANCIAL AND MANAGERIAL FACTORS  S
EC. 919. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Before the end of the 6- month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System shall revise the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement on Assessment of Finan-cial and Managerial Factors (12 CFR part 225—appendix C) to raise the consolidated asset threshold under such policy statement from $1,000,000,000 (as adjusted by Public Law 113–250) to $10,000,000,000. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara- graph (C) of section 171(b)(5) of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5371(b)(5)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) any bank holding company or savings and loan holding company that is subject to the application of the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement on Assessment of Financial and Managerial Factors of the Board of Governors (12 CFR part 225—appen-dix C).’’. 
COMMUNITY FINANCIAL INSTITUTION MORTGAGE  
RELIEF  S
EC. 920. (a) E
XEMPTION FROM ESCROW REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR LOANS HELD BY SMALLER CREDI-
TORS .—Section 129D of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639d) is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) S
AFE HARBOR FOR LOANS HELD BY  S
MALLER CREDITORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A creditor shall not be in violation of subsection (a) with respect to a loan if— ‘‘(A) the creditor has consolidated assets of $10,000,000,000 or less; and ‘‘(B) the creditor holds the loan on the bal-ance sheet of the creditor for the 3-year pe-riod beginning on the date of the origination of the loan. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS .— In the case of a creditor that transfers a loan to another person by reason of the bank-ruptcy or failure of the creditor, the pur-chase of the creditor, or a supervisory act or recommendation from a State or Federal regulator, the creditor shall be deemed to have complied with the requirement under paragraph (1)(B).’’; and (2) by striking the term ‘‘Board’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION TO EXEMPTION FOR SMALL  S
ERVICERS OF MORTGAGE LOANS .—Section 6 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2605) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(n) SMALL SERVICER EXEMPTION .—The Bu- reau shall, by regulation, provide exemptions to, or adjustments for, the provisions of this section for a servicer that annually services 20,000 or fewer mortgage loans, in order to reduce regulatory burdens while appro-priately balancing consumer protections.’’. 
REGULATIONS APPROPRIATE TO BUSINESS  
MODELS  S
EC. 921. (a) I
NGENERAL .—For any regulatory ac-tion occurring after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, each Federal financial in-stitutions regulatory agency shall— (1) take into consideration the risk profile and business models of each type of institu-tion or class of institutions subject to the regulatory action; (2) determine the necessity, appropriate-ness, and impact of applying such regulatory action to such institutions or classes of in-stitutions; and (3) tailor such regulatory action in a man-ner that limits the regulatory compliance impact, cost, liability risk, and other bur-dens, as appropriate, for the risk profile and business model of the institution or class of institutions involved. (b) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the requirements of subsection (a), each Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall consider— (1) the impact that such regulatory action, both by itself and in conjunction with the aggregate effect of other regulations, has on the ability of the applicable institution or class of institutions to serve evolving and di-verse customer needs; (2) the potential impact of examination manuals, regulatory actions taken with re-spect to third-party service providers, or other regulatory directives that may be in conflict or inconsistent with the tailoring of such regulatory action described in sub-section (a)(3); and (3) the underlying policy objectives of the regulatory action and statutory scheme in-volved. (c) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED AND FINAL RULE-
MAKING .—Each Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall disclose in every no-tice of proposed rulemaking and in any final rulemaking for a regulatory action how the agency has applied subsections (a) and (b). (d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
NDIVIDUAL AGENCY REPORTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, each Federal finan-cial institutions regulatory agency shall re-port to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on the specific actions taken to tailor the regulatory actions of the agency pursuant to the requirements of this Act. (B) A
PPEARANCE BEFORE THE COMMITTEES .— The head of each Federal financial institu-tion regulatory agency shall appear before the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate after each report is made pursu-ant to subparagraph (A) to testify on the contents of such report. (2) FIEC 
REPORTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 months after each report is submitted under para-graph (1), the Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council shall report to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6913 September 6, 2017 
(i) the extent to which regulatory actions tailored pursuant to this Act result in dif-ferent treatment of similarly situated insti-tutions of diverse charter types; and (ii) the reasons for such differential treat-ment. (B) A
PPEARANCE BEFORE THE COMMITTEES .— The Chairman of the Financial Institutions Examination Council shall appear before the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate after each report is made pursu-ant to subparagraph (A) to testify on the contents of such report. (e) L
IMITED LOOK-BACKAPPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal financial in-stitutions regulatory agency shall conduct a review of all regulations adopted during the period beginning on the date that is seven years before the date of the introduction of this Act in the House of Representatives and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act, and apply the requirements of this Act to such regulations. (2) R
EVISION .—If the application of the re-quirements of this Act to any such regula-tion requires such regulation to be revised, the applicable Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall revise such regula-tion within 3 years of the enactment of this Act. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act, the following definitions shall apply: (1) F
EDERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS REGU -
LATORY AGENCIES .—The term ‘‘Federal finan-cial institutions regulatory agencies’’ means the Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. (2) R
EGULATORY ACTION .—The term ‘‘regu-latory action’’ means any proposed, interim, or final rule or regulation, guidance, or pub-lished interpretation. 
ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN  
ORIGINATORS  S
EC. 922. (a) I
NGENERAL .—The S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1518. EMPLOYMENT TRANSITION OF LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
‘‘(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORITY TO ORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR LOANORIGINATORS MOVING FROM 
ADEPOSITORY INSTITUTION TO A NON-DEPOSI -
TORY INSTITUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon employment by a State-licensed mortgage company, an indi-vidual who is a registered loan originator shall be deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State for the period described in paragraph (2) if the individual— ‘‘(A) has not had an application for a loan originator license denied, or had such a li-cense revoked or suspended in any govern-mental jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) has not been subject to or served with a cease and desist order in any governmental jurisdiction or as described in section 1514(c); ‘‘(C) has not been convicted of a felony that would preclude licensure under the law of the application State; ‘‘(D) has submitted an application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the applica-tion State; and ‘‘(E) was registered in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as a loan originator during the 12-month period preceding the date of submission of the infor-mation required under section 1505(a). ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the in-dividual submits the information required under section 1505(a) and shall end on the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the individual with-draws the application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the application State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State denies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the application; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the individual submits the applica-tion, if the application is listed on the Na-tionwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as incomplete. ‘‘(b) TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO ORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR STATE -LICENSED LOAN ORIGINA -
TORS MOVING INTERSTATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State-licensed loan originator shall be deemed to have tem-porary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State for the period de-scribed in paragraph (2) if the State-licensed loan originator— ‘‘(A) meets the requirements of subpara-graphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(B) is employed by a State-licensed mort-gage company in the application State; and ‘‘(C) was licensed in a State that is not the application State during the 30-day period preceding the date of submission of the infor-mation required under section 1505(a) in con-nection with the application submitted to the application State. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the State-licensed loan originator submits the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the application State and end on the ear-liest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the State-licensed loan originator withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the applica-tion State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State denies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the application; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the State-licensed loan originator submits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as incomplete. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) Any person employing an individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State pursuant to this section shall be sub-ject to the requirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(2) Any individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan origi-nator in an application State pursuant to this section and who engages in residential mortgage loan origination activities shall be subject to the requirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) S
TATE -LICENSED MORTGAGE COMPANY .— The term ‘State-licensed mortgage company’ means an entity licensed or registered under the law of any State to engage in residential mortgage loan origination and processing ac-tivities. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION STATE .—The term ‘appli-cation State’ means a State in which a reg-istered loan originator or a State-licensed loan originator seeks to be licensed.’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Hous-ing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1517 the following: ‘‘Sec. 1518. Employment transition of loan originators.’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO CIVIL LIABILITY OF THE  B
UREAU AND OTHER OFFICIALS .—Section 1513 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5112) is amended by striking ‘‘are loan originators or are applying for li-censing or registration as loan originators’’ and inserting ‘‘are applying for licensing or registration using the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SMALL BUSINESS LOAN DATA COLLECTION  
REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 923. (a) R
EPEAL .—Section 704B of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691c–2) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 701(b) of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (3) by striking paragraph (5). (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for title VII of the Consumer Credit Protection Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 704B. 
DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS SUBJECT TO MAINTE -
NANCE OF RECORDS AND DISCLOSURE RE -
QUIREMENTS  S
EC. 924. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2803) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as para-graph (2) and adjusting the margin appro-priately; and (2) by inserting before such paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a deposi-tory institution, the requirements of sub-sections (a) and (b) shall not apply— ‘‘(A) with respect to closed-end mortgage loans, if such depository institution origi-nated less than 100 closed-end mortgage loans in each of the two preceding calendar years; and ‘‘(B) with respect to open-end lines of cred-it, if such depository institution originated less than 200 open-end lines of credit in each of the two preceding calendar years.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 304(i)(2) of such Act, as redesignated by sub-section (a), is amended by striking ‘‘section 303(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 303(3)(A)’’. 
RATE OF INTEREST AFTER TRANSFER OF LOAN  S
EC. 925. (a) A
MENDMENT TO THE REVISED STAT-
UTES .—Section 5197 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 85) is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this section shall remain valid with re-spect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or other-wise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwith-standing any State law to the contrary.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO THE HOMEOWNERS ’ LOAN A
CT.—Section 4(g)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1463(g)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6914 September 6, 2017 
its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this subsection shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party not-withstanding any State law to the con-trary.’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL CREDIT  U
NION ACT.—Section 205(g)(1) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785(g)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this subsection shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, as-signed, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’. (d) A
MENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT  I
NSURANCE ACT.—Section 27(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831d(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this section shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, as-signed, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’. 
BRINGING THE BUREAU INTO THE REGULAR  
APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS  S
EC. 926. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1017 of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5497) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending the heading of such sub-section to read as follows: ‘‘B
UDGET , FINAN-
CIAL MANAGEMENT , ANDAUDIT.—’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (D) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1), as so redesignated; (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (3) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Bureau for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 an amount equal to the aggregate amount of funds transferred by the Board of Governors to the Bureau during fiscal year 2015.’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2018. (2) I
MMEDIATE REPEAL OF REVIEWABILITY  
PROVISION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), subparagraph (C) of section 1017(a)(2) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5497(a)(2)) is repealed effective on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
ELIMINATION OF SUPERVISION AUTHORITY  S
EC. 927. (a) I
NGENERAL .—The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1002(15)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘examination or’’; (2) in section 1013(a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘compliance examiners, compliance super-vision analysts,’’; (3) in section 1016(c)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘super-visory and’’; and (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘orders, and supervisory actions’’ and inserting ‘‘and orders’’; (4) in section 1024— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘SUPER -
VISION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AUTHORITY WITH RE -
SPECT TO CERTAIN ’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘as de-fined by rule in accordance with paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘as of the date of the en-actment of the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (iv) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘1025(a) or’’; (C) by striking subsection (b); (D) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (b), (c), (d), and (e), respectively; (E) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDEXAM-
INATION AUTHORITY ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, conduct examinations,’’ each place such term appears; (F) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘rulemaking and enforce-ment, but not supervisory,’’ before ‘‘author-ity of the Bureau’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘conducting any examina-tion or requiring any report from a service provider subject to this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘carrying out any authority pursu-ant to this subsection with respect to a serv-ice provider’’; (5) by striking section 1025; (6) in section 1026— (A) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) S
COPE OF COVERAGE .—This section shall apply to any covered person that is an insured depository institution or an insured credit union.’’; (B) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘report of examination or related’’; (C) by striking subsection (c); (D) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (E) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) V
ERY LARGE INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) P
RIMARY ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— Notwithstanding paragraph (1), to the extent that the Bureau and another Federal agency are authorized to enforce a Federal consumer financial law, the Bureau shall have primary authority to enforce that Federal consumer financial law with respect to an insured de-pository institution or insured credit union, if such depository institution or credit union has total assets of more than $10,000,000,000, and any affiliate thereof. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRAL .—Any Federal agency, other than the Federal Trade Commission, that is authorized to enforce a Federal con-sumer financial law may recommend, in writing, to the Bureau that the Bureau ini-tiate an enforcement proceeding with re-spect to a person described in subparagraph (A), as the Bureau is authorized to do by that Federal consumer financial law. ‘‘(C) B
ACKUP ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .—If the Bureau does not, before the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the Bureau receives a recommenda-tion under subparagraph (B), initiate an en-forcement proceeding, the other agency re-ferred to in subparagraph (B) may initiate an enforcement proceeding.’’; and (F) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting after ‘‘subsection (a)’’ the following: ‘‘, or to any person described under subsection (c)(3)(A),’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 1025’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘When conducting any ex-amination or requiring any report from a service provider subject to this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘In carrying out any authority pursuant to this subsection with respect to a service provider’’; (7) in section 1027— (A) by striking ‘‘supervisory,’’ each place such term appears; (B) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘super-visory or’’; and (C) in subsection (p), by striking ‘‘section 1024(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1024(b)(1)’’; (8) in section 1034— (A) by striking subsections (b) and (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (b); (9) in section 1053— (A) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘sections 1024, 1025, and 1026’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 1024 and 1026’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(3)(B)(ii)(II), by strik-ing ‘‘, by examination or otherwise,’’; (10) in section 1054(a), by striking ‘‘sections 1024, 1025, and 1026’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 1024 and 1026’’; (11) in section 1061— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; (ii) by striking ‘‘means—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘(A) all’’ and inserting ‘‘means all’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) EXAMINATION .—A transferor agency that is a prudential regulator shall have ex-clusive authority (relative to the Bureau) to require reports from and conduct examina-tions for compliance with Federal consumer financial laws with respect to a person de-scribed in section 1026(a).’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; (12) in section 1063, by striking ‘‘sections 1024, 1025, and 1026’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘sections 1024 and 1026’’; and (13) in section 1067, by striking subsection (e). (b) H
OME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT OF  1975.—Section 305(d) of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2804(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘examine and’’. (c) O
MNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2009.— Section 626 of the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (15 U.S.C. 1638 note) is repealed. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act is amended— (1) in the item relating to section 1024, by striking ‘‘SUPERVISION OF’’ and inserting ‘‘AUTHORITY WITH RESPECT TO CER-TAIN’’; and (2) by striking the item relating to section 1025. 
REMOVAL OF AUTHORITY TO REGULATE SMALL - 
DOLLAR CREDIT  S
EC. 928. The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1024(a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking subparagraph (E); and (2) in section 1027, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) N
OAUTHORITY TO REGULATE SMALL - 
DOLLAR CREDIT .—The Bureau may not exer-cise any rulemaking, enforcement, or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6915 September 6, 2017 
authority with respect to payday loans, vehi-cle title loans, or other similar loans.’’. 
REMOVAL OF BUREAU UDAAP AUTHORITY  S
EC. 929. (a) I
NGENERAL .—The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1021(b)(2), by striking ‘‘from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and prac-tices and’’; (2) by striking section 1031; (3) in section 1036(a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘provider’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘to offer’’ and inserting ‘‘pro-vider to offer’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by striking paragraph (3); and (4) in section 1061(b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘(i) In general.—’’; and (ii) by striking clause (ii); (B) by striking subparagraph (D); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D); and (5) in section 1076(b)(2), by striking ‘‘deter-mine—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) provide for’’ and inserting ‘‘determine, pro-vide for’’. (b) T
ELEMARKETING AND CONSUMER FRAUD  
ANDABUSE PREVENTION ACT.—Section 3(c) of the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6102) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a) shall’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 1031. 
REPEAL OF AUTHORITY TO RESTRICT  
ARBITRATION  S
EC. 930. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1028 of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5518) is hereby repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents under section 1(b) of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1028. 
EXEMPTION FROM RISK RETENTION REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR NONRESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE  S
EC. 931. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 15G of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–11) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the term ‘asset-backed security’ refers only to an asset-backed security that is com-prised wholly of residential mortgages.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (1); and (B) by striking ‘‘(2) R
ESIDENTIAL MORT -
GAGES .—’’; (3) by striking subsection (h) and redesig-nating subsection (i) as subsection (h); and (4) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘effective—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) with respect to’’ and in-serting ‘‘effective with respect to’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking paragraph (2). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking subsection (c). 
PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING A SINGLE BALLOT  S
EC. 932. Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING A SINGLE  B
ALLOT .—The Commission may not require that a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or au-thorization to vote a security of an issuer in an election of members of the board of direc-tors of the issuer be made using a single bal-lot or card that lists both individuals nomi-nated by (or on behalf of) the issuer and indi-viduals nominated by (or on behalf of) other proponents and permits the person granting the proxy, consent, or authorization to se-lect from among individuals in both groups.’’. 
REPEAL OF THE VOLCKER RULE AND OTHER  
PROVISIONS  S
EC. 933. (a) I
NGENERAL .—The following sections of title VI of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act are re-pealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such sections are restored or re-vived as if such sections had not been en-acted: (1) Section 618. (2) Section 619. (3) Section 620. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents under section 1(b) of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the items relating to sections 618, 619, and 620. TITLE X—FINANCIAL INSTITUTION BANKRUPTCY 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO COV-ERED FINANCIAL CORPORATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 101 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting the following after paragraph (9): ‘‘(9A) The term ‘covered financial corpora-tion’ means any corporation incorporated or organized under any Federal or State law, other than a stockbroker, a commodity broker, or an entity of the kind specified in paragraph (2) or (3) of section 109(b), that is— ‘‘(A) a bank holding company, as defined in section 2(a) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956; or ‘‘(B) a corporation that exists for the pri-mary purpose of owning, controlling and fi-nancing its subsidiaries, that has total con-solidated assets of $50,000,000,000 or greater, and for which, in its most recently com-pleted fiscal year— ‘‘(i) annual gross revenues derived by the corporation and all of its subsidiaries from activities that are financial in nature (as de-fined in section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956) and, if applicable, from the ownership or control of one or more in-sured depository institutions, represents 85 percent or more of the consolidated annual gross revenues of the corporation; or ‘‘(ii) the consolidated assets of the corpora-tion and all of its subsidiaries related to ac-tivities that are financial in nature (as de-fined in section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956) and, if applicable, re-lated to the ownership or control of one or more insured depository institutions, rep-resents 85 percent or more of the consoli-dated assets of the corporation.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CHAPTERS .—Section 103 of title 11, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) Subchapter V of chapter 11 of this title applies only in a case under chapter 11 con-cerning a covered financial corporation.’’. (c) WHOMAYBEADEBTOR .—Section 109 of title 11, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) a covered financial corporation.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘an uninsured State member bank’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘a corpora-tion’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘, or a covered financial corporation’’ after ‘‘Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991’’. (d) C
ONVERSION TO CHAPTER 7.—Section 1112 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) Notwithstanding section 109(b), the court may convert a case under subchapter V to a case under chapter 7 if— ‘‘(1) a transfer approved under section 1185 has been consummated; ‘‘(2) the court has ordered the appointment of a special trustee under section 1186; and ‘‘(3) the court finds, after notice and a hearing, that conversion is in the best inter-est of the creditors and the estate.’’. (e)(1) Section 726(a)(1) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘first,’’ the following: ‘‘in payment of any unpaid fees, costs, and expenses of a special trustee appointed under section 1186, and then’’. (2) Section 1129(a) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after para-graph (16) the following: ‘‘(17) In a case under subchapter V, all pay-able fees, costs, and expenses of the special trustee have been paid or the plan provides for the payment of all such fees, costs, and expenses on the effective date of the plan. ‘‘(18) In a case under subchapter V, con-firmation of the plan is not likely to cause serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States.’’. (f) Section 322(b)(2) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘In cases under subchapter V, the United States trustee shall recommend to the court, and in all other cases, the’’. 
SEC. 3. LIQUIDATION, REORGANIZATION, OR RE-CAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FI-NANCIAL CORPORATION. 
Chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—LIQUIDATION, REOR-GANIZATION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FINANCIAL CORPORA-TION ‘‘§ 1181. Inapplicability of other sections ‘‘Sections 303 and 321(c) do not apply in a case under this subchapter concerning a cov-ered financial corporation. Section 365 does not apply to a transfer under section 1185, 1187, or 1188. ‘‘§ 1182. Definitions for this subchapter ‘‘In this subchapter, the following defini-tions shall apply: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Board’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. ‘‘(2) The term ‘bridge company’ means a newly formed corporation to which property of the estate may be transferred under sec-tion 1185(a) and the equity securities of which may be transferred to a special trustee under section 1186(a). ‘‘(3) The term ‘capital structure debt’ means all unsecured debt of the debtor for borrowed money for which the debtor is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6916 September 6, 2017 
primary obligor, other than a qualified fi-nancial contract and other than debt secured by a lien on property of the estate that is to be transferred to a bridge company pursuant to an order of the court under section 1185(a). ‘‘(4) The term ‘contractual right’ means a contractual right of a kind defined in section 555, 556, 559, 560, or 561. ‘‘(5) The term ‘qualified financial contract’ means any contract of a kind defined in paragraph (25), (38A), (47), or (53B) of section 101, section 741(7), or paragraph (4), (5), (11), or (13) of section 761. ‘‘(6) The term ‘special trustee’ means the trustee of a trust formed under section 1186(a)(1). ‘‘§ 1183. Commencement of a case concerning a covered financial corporation ‘‘(a) A case under this subchapter con-cerning a covered financial corporation may be commenced by the filing of a petition with the court by the debtor under section 301 only if the debtor states to the best of its knowledge under penalty of perjury in the petition that it is a covered financial cor-poration. ‘‘(b) The commencement of a case under subsection (a) constitutes an order for relief under this subchapter. ‘‘(c) The members of the board of directors (or body performing similar functions) of a covered financial corporation shall have no liability to shareholders, creditors, or other parties in interest for a good faith filing of a petition to commence a case under this sub-chapter, or for any reasonable action taken in good faith in contemplation of such a peti-tion or a transfer under section 1185 or sec-tion 1186, whether prior to or after com-mencement of the case. ‘‘(d) Counsel to the debtor shall provide, to the greatest extent practicable without dis-closing the identity of the potential debtor, sufficient confidential notice to the chief judge of the court of appeals for the circuit embracing the district in which such counsel intends to file a petition to commence a case under this subchapter regarding the poten-tial commencement of such case. The chief judge of such court shall randomly assign to preside over such case a bankruptcy judge selected from among the bankruptcy judges designated by the Chief Justice of the United States under section 298 of title 28. ‘‘§ 1184. Regulators ‘‘The Board, the Securities Exchange Com-mission, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the Department of the Treasury, the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration may raise and may appear and be heard on any issue in any case or proceeding under this subchapter. ‘‘§ 1185. Special transfer of property of the es-tate ‘‘(a) On request of the trustee, and after notice and a hearing that shall occur not less than 24 hours after the order for relief, the court may order a transfer under this section of property of the estate, and the assignment of executory contracts, unexpired leases, and qualified financial contracts of the debtor, to a bridge company. Upon the entry of an order approving such transfer, any property transferred, and any executory contracts, unexpired leases, and qualified financial con-tracts assigned under such order shall no longer be property of the estate. Except as provided under this section, the provisions of section 363 shall apply to a transfer and as-signment under this section. ‘‘(b) Unless the court orders otherwise, no-tice of a request for an order under sub-section (a) shall consist of electronic or tele-phonic notice of not less than 24 hours to— ‘‘(1) the debtor; ‘‘(2) the holders of the 20 largest secured claims against the debtor; ‘‘(3) the holders of the 20 largest unsecured claims against the debtor; ‘‘(4) counterparties to any debt, executory contract, unexpired lease, and qualified fi-nancial contract requested to be transferred under this section; ‘‘(5) the Board; ‘‘(6) the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration; ‘‘(7) the Secretary of the Treasury and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the Treasury; ‘‘(8) the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission; ‘‘(9) the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion; ‘‘(10) the United States trustee or bank-ruptcy administrator; and ‘‘(11) each primary financial regulatory agency, as defined in section 2(12) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act, with respect to any affiliate the equity securities of which are proposed to be transferred under this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) The court may not order a transfer under this section unless the court deter-mines, based upon a preponderance of the evidence, that— ‘‘(1) the transfer under this section is nec-essary to prevent serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States; ‘‘(2) the transfer does not provide for the assumption of any capital structure debt by the bridge company; ‘‘(3) the transfer does not provide for the transfer to the bridge company of any prop-erty of the estate that is subject to a lien se-curing a debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified fi-nancial contract) of the debtor unless— ‘‘(A)(i) the bridge company assumes such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract), including any claims arising in re-spect thereof that would not be allowed se-cured claims under section 506(a)(1) and after giving effect to such transfer, such property remains subject to the lien securing such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract); and ‘‘(ii) the court has determined that as-sumption of such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract) by the bridge company is in the best interests of the es-tate; or ‘‘(B) such property is being transferred to the bridge company in accordance with the provisions of section 363; ‘‘(4) the transfer does not provide for the assumption by the bridge company of any debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract) of the debtor secured by a lien on property of the estate unless the transfer provides for such property to be transferred to the bridge company in accordance with paragraph (3)(A) of this subsection; ‘‘(5) the transfer does not provide for the transfer of the equity of the debtor; ‘‘(6) the trustee has demonstrated that the bridge company is not likely to fail to meet the obligations of any debt, executory con-tract, qualified financial contract, or unex-pired lease assumed and assigned to the bridge company; ‘‘(7) the transfer provides for the transfer to a special trustee all of the equity securi-ties in the bridge company and appointment of a special trustee in accordance with sec-tion 1186; ‘‘(8) after giving effect to the transfer, ade-quate provision has been made for the fees, costs, and expenses of the estate and special trustee; and ‘‘(9) the bridge company will have gov-erning documents, and initial directors and senior officers, that are in the best interest of creditors and the estate. ‘‘(d) Immediately before a transfer under this section, the bridge company that is the recipient of the transfer shall— ‘‘(1) not have any property, executory con-tracts, unexpired leases, qualified financial contracts, or debts, other than any property acquired or executory contracts, unexpired leases, or debts assumed when acting as a transferee of a transfer under this section; and ‘‘(2) have equity securities that are prop-erty of the estate, which may be sold or dis-tributed in accordance with this title. ‘‘§ 1186. Special trustee ‘‘(a)(1) An order approving a transfer under section 1185 shall require the trustee to transfer to a qualified and independent spe-cial trustee, who is appointed by the court, all of the equity securities in the bridge com-pany that is the recipient of a transfer under section 1185 to hold in trust for the sole ben-efit of the estate, subject to satisfaction of the special trustee’s fees, costs, and ex-penses. The trust of which the special trust-ee is the trustee shall be a newly formed trust governed by a trust agreement ap-proved by the court as in the best interests of the estate, and shall exist for the sole pur-pose of holding and administering, and shall be permitted to dispose of, the equity securi-ties of the bridge company in accordance with the trust agreement. ‘‘(2) In connection with the hearing to ap-prove a transfer under section 1185, the trust-ee shall confirm to the court that the Board has been consulted regarding the identity of the proposed special trustee and advise the court of the results of such consultation. ‘‘(b) The trust agreement governing the trust shall provide— ‘‘(1) for the payment of the fees, costs, ex-penses, and indemnities of the special trust-ee from the assets of the debtor’s estate; ‘‘(2) that the special trustee provide— ‘‘(A) quarterly reporting to the estate, which shall be filed with the court; and ‘‘(B) information about the bridge com-pany reasonably requested by a party in in-terest to prepare a disclosure statement for a plan providing for distribution of any secu-rities of the bridge company if such informa-tion is necessary to prepare such disclosure statement; ‘‘(3) that for as long as the equity securi-ties of the bridge company are held by the trust, the special trustee shall file a notice with the court in connection with— ‘‘(A) any change in a director or senior of-ficer of the bridge company; ‘‘(B) any modification to the governing documents of the bridge company; and ‘‘(C) any material corporate action of the bridge company, including— 
‘‘(i) recapitalization; ‘‘(ii) a material borrowing; ‘‘(iii) termination of an intercompany debt or guarantee; ‘‘(iv) a transfer of a substantial portion of the assets of the bridge company; or ‘‘(v) the issuance or sale of any securities of the bridge company; ‘‘(4) that any sale of any equity securities of the bridge company shall not be con-summated until the special trustee consults with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion and the Board regarding such sale and discloses the results of such consultation with the court; ‘‘(5) that, subject to reserves for payments permitted under paragraph (1) provided for in the trust agreement, the proceeds of the sale 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6917 September 6, 2017 
of any equity securities of the bridge com-pany by the special trustee be held in trust for the benefit of or transferred to the es-tate; ‘‘(6) the process and guidelines for the re-placement of the special trustee; and ‘‘(7) that the property held in trust by the special trustee is subject to distribution in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(c)(1) The special trustee shall distribute the assets held in trust— ‘‘(A) if the court confirms a plan in the case, in accordance with the plan on the ef-fective date of the plan; or ‘‘(B) if the case is converted to a case under chapter 7, as ordered by the court. ‘‘(2) As soon as practicable after a final dis-tribution under paragraph (1), the office of the special trustee shall terminate, except as may be necessary to wind up and conclude the business and financial affairs of the trust. ‘‘(d) After a transfer to the special trustee under this section, the special trustee shall be subject only to applicable nonbankruptcy law, and the actions and conduct of the spe-cial trustee shall no longer be subject to ap-proval by the court in the case under this subchapter. ‘‘§ 1187. Temporary and supplemental auto-matic stay; assumed debt ‘‘(a)(1) A petition filed under section 1183 operates as a stay, applicable to all entities, of the termination, acceleration, or modi-fication of any debt, contract, lease, or agreement of the kind described in para-graph (2), or of any right or obligation under any such debt, contract, lease, or agreement, solely because of— ‘‘(A) a default by the debtor under any such debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(B) a provision in such debt, contract, lease, or agreement, or in applicable non-bankruptcy law, that is conditioned on— ‘‘(i) the insolvency or financial condition of the debtor at any time before the closing of the case; ‘‘(ii) the commencement of a case under this title concerning the debtor; ‘‘(iii) the appointment of or taking posses-sion by a trustee in a case under this title concerning the debtor or by a custodian be-fore the commencement of the case; or ‘‘(iv) a credit rating agency rating, or ab-sence or withdrawal of a credit rating agency rating— ‘‘(I) of the debtor at any time after the commencement of the case; ‘‘(II) of an affiliate during the period from the commencement of the case until 48 hours after such order is entered; ‘‘(III) of the bridge company while the trustee or the special trustee is a direct or indirect beneficial holder of more than 50 percent of the equity securities of— ‘‘(aa) the bridge company; or ‘‘(bb) the affiliate, if all of the direct or in-direct interests in the affiliate that are prop-erty of the estate are transferred under sec-tion 1185; or ‘‘(IV) of an affiliate while the trustee or the special trustee is a direct or indirect ben-eficial holder of more than 50 percent of the equity securities of— ‘‘(aa) the bridge company; or ‘‘(bb) the affiliate, if all of the direct or in-direct interests in the affiliate that are prop-erty of the estate are transferred under sec-tion 1185. ‘‘(2) A debt, contract, lease, or agreement described in this paragraph is— ‘‘(A) any debt (other than capital structure debt), executory contract, or unexpired lease of the debtor (other than a qualified finan-cial contract); ‘‘(B) any agreement under which the debt-or issued or is obligated for debt (other than capital structure debt); ‘‘(C) any debt, executory contract, or unex-pired lease of an affiliate (other than a quali-fied financial contract); or ‘‘(D) any agreement under which an affil-iate issued or is obligated for debt. ‘‘(3) The stay under this subsection termi-nates— ‘‘(A) for the benefit of the debtor, upon the earliest of— ‘‘(i) 48 hours after the commencement of the case; ‘‘(ii) assumption of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement by the bridge company under an order authorizing a transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(iii) a final order of the court denying the request for a transfer under section 1185; or ‘‘(iv) the time the case is dismissed; and ‘‘(B) for the benefit of an affiliate, upon the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the entry of an order authorizing a transfer under section 1185 in which the di-rect or indirect interests in the affiliate that are property of the estate are not transferred under section 1185; ‘‘(ii) a final order by the court denying the request for a transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(iii) 48 hours after the commencement of the case if the court has not ordered a trans-fer under section 1185; or ‘‘(iv) the time the case is dismissed. ‘‘(4) Subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g) of sec-tion 362 apply to a stay under this sub-section. ‘‘(b) A debt, executory contract (other than a qualified financial contract), or unexpired lease of the debtor, or an agreement under which the debtor has issued or is obligated for any debt, may be assumed by a bridge company in a transfer under section 1185 not-withstanding any provision in an agreement or in applicable nonbankruptcy law that— ‘‘(1) prohibits, restricts, or conditions the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(2) accelerates, terminates, or modifies, or permits a party other than the debtor to terminate or modify, the debt, contract, lease, or agreement on account of— ‘‘(A) the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(B) a change in control of any party to the debt, contract, lease, or agreement. ‘‘(c)(1) A debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment of the kind described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(2) may not be ac-celerated, terminated, or modified, and any right or obligation under such debt, con-tract, lease, or agreement may not be accel-erated, terminated, or modified, as to the bridge company solely because of a provision in the debt, contract, lease, or agreement or in applicable nonbankruptcy law— ‘‘(A) of the kind described in subsection (a)(1)(B) as applied to the debtor; ‘‘(B) that prohibits, restricts, or conditions the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(C) that accelerates, terminates, or modi-fies, or permits a party other than the debtor to terminate or modify, the debt, contract, lease or agreement on account of— ‘‘(i) the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(ii) a change in control of any party to the debt, contract, lease, or agreement. ‘‘(2) If there is a default by the debtor under a provision other than the kind de-scribed in paragraph (1) in a debt, contract, lease or agreement of the kind described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(2), the bridge company may assume such debt, contract, lease, or agreement only if the bridge company— ‘‘(A) shall cure the default; 
‘‘(B) compensates, or provides adequate as-surance in connection with a transfer under section 1185 that the bridge company will promptly compensate, a party other than the debtor to the debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment, for any actual pecuniary loss to the party resulting from the default; and ‘‘(C) provides adequate assurance in con-nection with a transfer under section 1185 of future performance under the debt, contract, lease, or agreement, as determined by the court under section 1185(c)(4). ‘‘§ 1188. Treatment of qualified financial con-tracts and affiliate contracts ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(7), 362(b)(17), 362(b)(27), 362(o), 555, 556, 559, 560, and 561, a petition filed under sec-tion 1183 operates as a stay, during the pe-riod specified in section 1187(a)(3)(A), appli-cable to all entities, of the exercise of a con-tractual right— ‘‘(1) to cause the modification, liquidation, termination, or acceleration of a qualified fi-nancial contract of the debtor or an affiliate; ‘‘(2) to offset or net out any termination value, payment amount, or other transfer obligation arising under or in connection with a qualified financial contract of the debtor or an affiliate; or ‘‘(3) under any security agreement or ar-rangement or other credit enhancement forming a part of or related to a qualified fi-nancial contract of the debtor or an affiliate. ‘‘(b)(1) During the period specified in sec-tion 1187(a)(3)(A), the trustee or the affiliate shall perform all payment and delivery obli-gations under such qualified financial con-tract of the debtor or the affiliate, as the case may be, that become due after the com-mencement of the case. The stay provided under subsection (a) terminates as to a qualified financial contract of the debtor or an affiliate immediately upon the failure of the trustee or the affiliate, as the case may be, to perform any such obligation during such period. ‘‘(2) Any failure by a counterparty to any qualified financial contract of the debtor or any affiliate to perform any payment or de-livery obligation under such qualified finan-cial contract, including during the pendency of the stay provided under subsection (a), shall constitute a breach of such qualified fi-nancial contract by the counterparty. ‘‘(c) Subject to the court’s approval, a qualified financial contract between an enti-ty and the debtor may be assigned to or as-sumed by the bridge company in a transfer under, and in accordance with, section 1185 if and only if— ‘‘(1) all qualified financial contracts be-tween the entity and the debtor are assigned to and assumed by the bridge company in the transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(2) all claims of the entity against the debtor in respect of any qualified financial contract between the entity and the debtor (other than any claim that, under the terms of the qualified financial contract, is subor-dinated to the claims of general unsecured creditors) are assigned to and assumed by the bridge company; ‘‘(3) all claims of the debtor against the en-tity under any qualified financial contract between the entity and the debtor are as-signed to and assumed by the bridge com-pany; and ‘‘(4) all property securing or any other credit enhancement furnished by the debtor for any qualified financial contract described in paragraph (1) or any claim described in paragraph (2) or (3) under any qualified fi-nancial contract between the entity and the debtor is assigned to and assumed by the bridge company. ‘‘(d) Notwithstanding any provision of a qualified financial contract or of applicable nonbankruptcy law, a qualified financial contract of the debtor that is assumed or as-signed in a transfer under section 1185 may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6918 September 6, 2017 
not be accelerated, terminated, or modified, after the entry of the order approving a transfer under section 1185, and any right or obligation under the qualified financial con-tract may not be accelerated, terminated, or modified, after the entry of the order approv-ing a transfer under section 1185 solely be-cause of a condition described in section 1187(c)(1), other than a condition of the kind specified in section 1187(b) that occurs after property of the estate no longer includes a direct beneficial interest or an indirect bene-ficial interest through the special trustee, in more than 50 percent of the equity securities of the bridge company. ‘‘(e) Notwithstanding any provision of any agreement or in applicable nonbankruptcy law, an agreement of an affiliate (including an executory contract, an unexpired lease, qualified financial contract, or an agreement under which the affiliate issued or is obli-gated for debt) and any right or obligation under such agreement may not be acceler-ated, terminated, or modified, solely because of a condition described in section 1187(c)(1), other than a condition of the kind specified in section 1187(b) that occurs after the bridge company is no longer a direct or indirect beneficial holder of more than 50 percent of the equity securities of the affiliate, at any time after the commencement of the case if— ‘‘(1) all direct or indirect interests in the affiliate that are property of the estate are transferred under section 1185 to the bridge company within the period specified in sub-section (a); ‘‘(2) the bridge company assumes— ‘‘(A) any guarantee or other credit en-hancement issued by the debtor relating to the agreement of the affiliate; and ‘‘(B) any obligations in respect of rights of setoff, netting arrangement, or debt of the debtor that directly arises out of or directly relates to the guarantee or credit enhance-ment; and ‘‘(3) any property of the estate that di-rectly serves as collateral for the guarantee or credit enhancement is transferred to the bridge company. ‘‘§ 1189. Licenses, permits, and registrations ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding any otherwise appli-cable nonbankruptcy law, if a request is made under section 1185 for a transfer of property of the estate, any Federal, State, or local license, permit, or registration that the debtor or an affiliate had immediately before the commencement of the case and that is proposed to be transferred under section 1185 may not be accelerated, terminated, or modified at any time after the request solely on account of— ‘‘(1) the insolvency or financial condition of the debtor at any time before the closing of the case; ‘‘(2) the commencement of a case under this title concerning the debtor; ‘‘(3) the appointment of or taking posses-sion by a trustee in a case under this title concerning the debtor or by a custodian be-fore the commencement of the case; or ‘‘(4) a transfer under section 1185. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding any otherwise appli-cable nonbankruptcy law, any Federal, State, or local license, permit, or registra-tion that the debtor had immediately before the commencement of the case that is in-cluded in a transfer under section 1185 shall be valid and all rights and obligations there-under shall vest in the bridge company. ‘‘§ 1190. Exemption from securities laws ‘‘For purposes of section 1145, a security of the bridge company shall be deemed to be a security of a successor to the debtor under a plan if the court approves the disclosure statement for the plan as providing adequate information (as defined in section 1125(a)) about the bridge company and the security. ‘‘§ 1191. Inapplicability of certain avoiding powers ‘‘A transfer made or an obligation incurred by the debtor to an affiliate prior to or after the commencement of the case, including any obligation released by the debtor or the estate to or for the benefit of an affiliate, in contemplation of or in connection with a transfer under section 1185 is not avoidable under section 544, 547, 548(a)(1)(B), or 549, or under any similar nonbankruptcy law. ‘‘§ 1192. Consideration of financial stability ‘‘The court may consider the effect that any decision in connection with this sub-chapter may have on financial stability in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 4. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 28, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO CHAPTER 13.—Chapter 13 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 298. Judge for a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11 ‘‘(a)(1) Notwithstanding section 295, the Chief Justice of the United States shall des-ignate not fewer than 10 bankruptcy judges to be available to hear a case under sub-chapter V of chapter 11 of title 11. Bank-ruptcy judges may request to be considered by the Chief Justice of the United States for such designation. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding section 155, a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11 shall be heard under section 157 by a bank-ruptcy judge designated under paragraph (1), who shall be randomly assigned to hear such case by the chief judge of the court of ap-peals for the circuit embracing the district in which the case is pending. To the greatest extent practicable, the approvals required under section 155 should be obtained. ‘‘(3) If the bankruptcy judge assigned to hear a case under paragraph (2) is not as-signed to the district in which the case is pending, the bankruptcy judge shall be tem-porarily assigned to the district. ‘‘(b) A case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11, and all proceedings in the case, shall take place in the district in which the case is pending. ‘‘(c) In this section, the term ‘covered fi-nancial corporation’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(9A) of title 11.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO SECTION 1334 OFTITLE 28.—Section 1334 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) This section does not grant jurisdic-tion to the district court after a transfer pursuant to an order under section 1185 of title 11 of any proceeding related to a special trustee appointed, or to a bridge company formed, in connection with a case under sub-chapter V of chapter 11 of title 11.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) The table of sections of chapter 13 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘298. Judge for a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11.’’. (2) The table of subchapters of chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER V —LIQUIDATION , REORGANIZA -
TION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FI -
NANCIAL CORPORATION  ‘‘1181. Inapplicability of other sections. ‘‘1182. Definitions for this subchapter. ‘‘1183. Commencement of a case concerning a covered financial corporation. ‘‘1184. Regulators. ‘‘1185. Special transfer of property of the es-tate. ‘‘1186. Special trustee. ‘‘1187. Temporary and supplemental auto-matic stay; assumed debt. ‘‘1188. Treatment of qualified financial con-tracts and affiliate contracts. ‘‘1189. Licenses, permits, and registrations. ‘‘1190. Exemption from securities laws. ‘‘1191. Inapplicability of certain avoiding powers. ‘‘1192. Consideration of financial stability.’’. TITLE XI ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 1101. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, consistent with sections 746 and 819, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 1102. Any reference to a ‘‘report ac-companying this Act’’ contained in this divi-sion shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–234. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the alloca-tion of funds provided by, and the implemen-tation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 1103. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Finan-cial Services and General Government Ap-propriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION E—DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, OPER-ATIONS, INTELLIGENCE, AND OVER-SIGHT O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY AND EXECUTIVE  M
ANAGEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary and for executive management for operations and support, $138,997,000: Provided, That not to exceed $30,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. M
ANAGEMENT DIRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for operations and support, $696,131,000, of which $227,516,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $27,755,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for research and development, $2,545,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. I
NTELLIGENCE , ANALYSIS , ANDOPERATIONS  C
OORDINATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-telligence and Analysis and the Office of Op-erations Coordination for operations and support, $252,405,000, of which $77,915,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General for operations and support, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6919 September 6, 2017 
$154,830,000: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direc-tion of the Inspector General. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. Hereafter, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Future Years Homeland Se-curity Program, as authorized by section 874 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454). S
EC. 102. Hereafter, the Chief Financial Of-ficer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staff-ing report that includes total obligations of the Department for that month and for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and activity levels, by the source year of the appropriation, not later than 30 days after the last day of each month. S
EC. 103. (a) Notwithstanding section 518 of division F of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2018, to the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal years 2017 and 2018. (b) The Inspector General shall review the report required by subsection (a) to assess departmental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results of that review to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than February 15, 2019. S
EC. 104. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall require that all contracts of the Department of Homeland Security that pro-vide award fees link such fees to successful acquisition outcomes, which shall be speci-fied in terms of cost, schedule, and perform-ance. S
EC. 105. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives of any proposed transfers of funds available under section 9703(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code (as added by Public Law 102–393) from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the Department of Homeland Security: Provided, That none of the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of the proposed transfers. S
EC. 106. (a) All official costs associated with the use of Government aircraft by De-partment of Homeland Security personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Office of the Secretary. (b) A travel report of all direct and indirect costs of official and nonofficial travel by the Secretary and Deputy Secretary by appro-priation to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives not later than 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 107. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, a report for fiscal year 2017 on visa overstay data by country as required by section 1376 of title 8, United States Code: Provided, That the report on visa overstay data shall also include— (1) overstays from all nonimmigrant visa categories under the immigration laws, de-lineated by each of the classes and sub-class-es of such categories; and (2) numbers as well as rates of overstays for each class and sub-class of such non-immigrant categories on a per-country basis. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall publish on the Department’s website the metrics developed to measure the effec-tiveness of security between the ports of entry, including the methodology and data supporting the resulting measures. TITLE II SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for operations and support, including the transportation of un-accompanied minor aliens; the provision of air and marine support to Federal, State, and local agencies in the enforcement or ad-ministration of laws enforced by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of such support to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law en-forcement and emergency humanitarian ef-forts; the purchase and lease of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) police-type vehi-cles; the purchase, maintenance, or oper-ation of marine vessels, aircraft, and un-manned aerial systems; and contracting with individuals for personal services abroad; $11,553,315,000; of which $3,274,000 shall be de-rived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3)) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1)); of which $681,441,500 shall be available until September 30, 2019; and of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Con-solidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3)), shall be de-rived from that account: Provided, That not to exceed $34,425 shall be for official recep-tion and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $15,000,000 may be transferred to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for the maintenance and repair of roads on Native American reservations, as required by the Border Patrol: Provided further, That not to exceed $150,000 shall be available for pay-ment for rental space in connection with preclearance operations: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For U.S. Customs and Border Protection for procurement, construction and improve-ments, in addition to amounts otherwise made available under this heading by the De-partment of Homeland Security Border In-frastructure Construction Appropriations Act, 2018, $437,480,000, of which $377,705,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $59,775,000 shall remain available until September 30,2022: Provided, That such aggregate amount shall be avail-able as follows: $8,955,000 for Cross Border Tunnel Threat, $17,438,000 for Integrated Fixed Towers, $1,600,000 for Mobile Video Surveillance Systems, $20,000,000 for Unat-tended Ground Sensors, $49,738,000 for border road construction, $33,193,000 for Remote Video Surveillance Systems, $109,240,000 for non-intrusive inspection systems, $55,530,000 for two multi-role enforcement aircraft, $3,300,000 for FAA Next Generation radar sys-tems, $7,800,000 for various sensor upgrades, $14,034,000 for one medium-lift helicopter, $13,250,000 for Air and Marine tactical com-munications, $12,421,000 for two light en-forcement helicopters, $3,573,000 for coastal interceptors, $1,200,000 for Department of De-fense reuse, $45,000,000 for the Brown Field Border Patrol Station, $14,775,000 for Office of Field Operations Facilities, and $26,433,000 for revenue modernization. U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  E
NFORCEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement for oper-ations and support, including the purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; overseas vetted units; and maintenance, minor construction, and minor leasehold improvements at owned and leased facilities; $7,002,043,000; of which $6,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for efforts to enforce laws against forced child labor; of which $33,700,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not less than $4,413,244,000 shall be for enforcement, detention, and removal oper-ations, including transportation of unaccom-panied minor aliens: Provided, That not to exceed $11,475 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided fur-ther, That not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be available until expended for conducting spe-cial operations under section 3131 of the Cus-toms Enforcement Act of 1986 (19 U.S.C. 2081): Provided further, That not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, mainte-nance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement for procure-ment, construction, and improvements, $52,899,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Transpor-tation Security Administration for oper-ations and support, $7,082,874,000, of which $1,770,719,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as off-setting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further, That the sum appropriated under this head-ing from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $4,612,874,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6920 September 6, 2017 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Transpor-tation Security Administration for procure-ment, construction, and improvements, $53,314,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Transpor-tation Security Administration for research and development, $20,190,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. C
OAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; pur-chase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of not more than $700,000) and repairs and serv-ice-life replacements, not to exceed a total of $31,000,000; purchase, lease, or improvement of other equipment (at a unit cost of not more than $250,000); minor shore construc-tion projects not exceeding $1,000,000 in total cost on any location; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 (42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and wel-fare; $7,163,464,000; of which $340,000,000 shall be for defense-related activities; of which $24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the pur-poses of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Provided, That not to exceed $23,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,397,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. 
RESERVE TRAINING  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard Reserve; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard Reserve Program; personnel and training costs; and equipment and services; $114,875,000. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for acquisition, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities (including facilities at De-partment of Defense installations used by the Coast Guard), vessels, and aircraft, in-cluding equipment related thereto, $1,298,745,000; of which $20,000,000 shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which $1,256,655,000 shall be available until September 30, 2022. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
EVALUATION  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evalua-tion; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment; $18,641,000; to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Provided, That there may be credited to and used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments, other public authori-ties, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation. RETIRED PAY  For retired pay, including the payment of obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Pro-tection and Survivor Benefits Plans, pay-ment for career status bonuses, concurrent receipts, and combat-related special com-pensation, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,673,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. U
NITED STATES SECRET SERVICE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for operations and sup-port, including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for police-type use for replacement only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; pur-chase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government owner-ship or control, as may be necessary to per-form protective functions; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presen-tation of awards; conduct of behavioral re-search in support of protective intelligence and operations; payment in advance for com-mercial accommodations as may be nec-essary to perform protective functions; and payment, without regard to section 5702 of title 5, United States Code, of subsistence ex-penses of employees who are on protective missions, whether at or away from their duty stations; $1,893,215,000; of which $33,692,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to investiga-tions of missing and exploited children; and of which not less than $13,869,000 shall be for activities related to training in electronic crimes investigations and forensics: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided further, That not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assist-ance and equipment to foreign law enforce-ment organizations in counterfeit investiga-tions. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for procurement, con-struction, and improvements, $64,030,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for research and devel-opment, $250,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 201. Section 201 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31), related to overtime compensation limitations, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sec-tion applied to funds made available in that Act. S
EC. 202. Funding made available under the heading ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion—Operations and Support’’ and ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procure-ment, Construction, and Improvements’’ shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain operations and pre-vent adverse personnel actions in Puerto Rico in addition to funding provided by 48 U.S.C. 740. S
EC. 203. Hereafter, no U.S. Customs and Border Protection aircraft or other related equipment, with the exception of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identi-fied as excess to U.S. Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agency, de-partment, or office outside of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security without prior notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives. SEC. 204. As authorized by section 601(b) of the United States-Colombia Trade Pro-motion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–42), fees collected from pas-sengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursuant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5)) shall be available until expended. S
EC. 205. For an additional amount for ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Oper-ations and Support’’, $39,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected and credited to this ap-propriation in fiscal year 2018 from amounts authorized to be collected by section 286(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(i)), section 10412 of the Farm Se-curity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8311), and section 817 of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125): Provided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such col-lections exceed $39,000,000, those amounts in excess of $39,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation, to remain available until ex-pended. S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescrip-tion drug (within the meaning of section 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Pro- vided, That this section shall apply only to individuals transporting on their person a personal-use quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90-day supply: Provided further, That the prescription drug may not be— (1) a controlled substance, as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or (2) a biological product, as defined in sec-tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). S
EC. 207. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to ap-prove a waiver of the navigation and vessel- inspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, for the transpor-tation of crude oil distributed from and to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Homeland Security, after con-sultation with the Secretaries of the Depart-ments of Energy and Transportation and rep-resentatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes adequate measures to ensure the use of United States flag ves-sels for such transportation: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to such sec-tion with respect to such transportation, and the disposition of such requests. S
EC. 208. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to approve, li-cense, facilitate, authorize, or otherwise allow the trafficking or import of property confiscated by the Cuban Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6921 September 6, 2017 
(b) In this section, the terms ‘‘con-fiscated’’, ‘‘Cuban Government’’, ‘‘property’’, and ‘‘traffic’’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (4), (5), (12)(A), and (13), respectively, of section 4 of the Cuban Lib-erty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (2216 U.S.C. 6023). S
EC. 209. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d), the Secretary may reprogram within and transfer funds to ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Sup-port’’ as necessary to ensure the detention of aliens prioritized for removal. S
EC. 210. None of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ may be used to continue a delegation of law en-forcement authority authorized under sec-tion 287(g) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) if the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General de-termines that the terms of the agreement governing the delegation of authority have been materially violated. S
EC. 211. None of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ may be used to continue any contract for the pro-vision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations re-ceived by the contracted facility are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evalua-tion system. S
EC. 212. Members of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Dep-uty Secretary, Under Secretaries, and As-sistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attor-neys General, and United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and baggage screening. S
EC. 213. Notwithstanding section 44923 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018, any funds in the Aviation Security Cap-ital Fund established by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explo-sives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agreements for the pur-pose of funding projects described in section 44923(a) of such title. S
EC. 214. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’ shall be for ex-penses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to the appropriation made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’: Provided, That to the extent such fees are insufficient to pay expenses of rec-reational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of rec-reational vessel applications, personnel per-forming non-recreational vessel documenta-tion functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may per-form documentation under section 12114. S
EC. 215. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d), after June 30, up to $10,000,000 may be repro-grammed to or from the Military Pay and Allowances funding category within ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’ in accordance with subsection (a) of section 503. S
EC. 216. The United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipa-tion of reimbursements from Federal agen-cies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel re-ceiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources avail-able under the heading ‘‘United States Se-cret Service—Operations and Support’’ at the end of the fiscal year. SEC. 217. None of the funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Sec-retary of Homeland Security: Provided, That the Director of the Secret Service may enter into agreements to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis. S
EC. 218. For purposes of section 503(a)(3) of this Act, up to $15,000,000 may be repro-grammed within ‘‘United States Secret Serv-ice—Operations and Support’’. S
EC. 219. Funding made available in this Act for ‘‘United States Secret Service—Oper-ations and Support’’ is available for travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if the Director of the United States Secret Service or a designee notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 10 or more days in advance, or as early as prac-ticable, prior to such expenditures. TITLE III PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY N
ATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS  D
IRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for op-erations and support, $1,427,062,000, of which $8,912,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE  The revenues and collections of security fees credited to this account shall be avail-able until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for procurement, construction, and improve-ments, $335,033,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for re-search and development, $11,126,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019. O
FFICE OF HEALTH AFFAIRS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of Health Affairs for operations and support, $119,319,000, of which $13,520,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for oper-ations and support, $1,027,135,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for procure-ment, construction, and improvements, $76,578,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. FEDERAL ASSISTANCE  For activities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $3,003,798,000, which shall be allocated as fol-lows: (1) $467,000,000 for the State Homeland Se-curity Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605), of which $55,000,000 shall be for Oper-ation Stonegarden: Provided, That notwith-standing subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2018, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make available to local and tribal governments amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this paragraph in accordance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. (2) $630,000,000 for the Urban Area Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604), of which $50,000,000 shall be for organizations (as de-scribed under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such code) determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack. (3) $100,000,000 for Public Transportation Security Assistance and Railroad Security Assistance under sections 1406 and 1513 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135 and 1163), of which $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security. (4) $100,000,000 for Port Security Grants in accordance with section 70107 of title 46, United States Code. (5) $690,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which $345,000,000 shall be for Assistance to Firefighter Grants and $345,000,000 shall be for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants under sections 33 and 34 respectively of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (6) $350,000,000 for emergency management performance grants under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701), 6 U.S.C. 762, and Reorga-nization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (7) $100,000,000 for the National Predisaster Mitigation Fund under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), to re-main available until expended. (8) $177,531,000 for necessary expenses for Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis, in addition to and to supplement any other sums appropriated under the National Flood Insurance Fund, and such additional sums as may be provided by States or other political subdivisions for cost-shared mapping activi-ties under section 1360(f)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2)), to remain available until ex-pended. (9) $120,000,000 for the emergency food and shelter program under title III of the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed 3.5 per-cent shall be for total administrative costs. (10) $269,267,000 to sustain current oper-ations for training, exercises, technical as-sistance, and other programs. 
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For necessary expenses in carrying out the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,327,720,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $6,793,000,000 shall be for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6922 September 6, 2017 
major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) and is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND  For activities under the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020), $203,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, which shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)); of which $13,573,000 shall be available for mission support associ-ated with flood management; and of which $189,927,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided, That any additional fees collected pursuant to section 1308(d) of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)) shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count, to be available for flood plain man-agement and flood mapping: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2017, no funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of— (1) $165,224,000 for operating expenses and salaries and expenses associated with flood insurance operations; (2) $1,123,000,000 for commissions and taxes of agents; (3) such sums as are necessary for interest on Treasury borrowings; and (4) $175,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended, for flood mitigation ac-tions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c), notwith-standing sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4104c(e), 4017): Provided further, That the amounts collected under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Pro-tection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) and sec-tion 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwithstanding section 102(f)(8), sec-tion 1366(e), and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8), 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided further, That total administrative costs shall not exceed 4 percent of the total appropria-tion: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 is available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. Notwithstanding section 2008(a)(12) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(12)) or any other provi-sion of law, not more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available in para-graphs (1) through (4) under ‘‘Federal Emer-gency Management Agency—Federal Assist-ance’’, may be used by the grantee for ex-penses directly related to administration of the grant. S
EC. 302. Applications for grants under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for paragraphs (1) through (4), shall be made available to el-igible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, eligible applicants shall submit applications not later than 80 days after the grant announce-ment, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days after the receipt of an applica-tion. SEC. 303. Under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for grants under paragraphs (1) through (4), the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 full business days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award. S
EC. 304. Under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for grants under paragraphs (1) and (2), the installation of communications towers is not considered construction of a building or other physical facility. S
EC. 305. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, grants awarded to States along the Southwest Border of the United States under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— Federal Assistance’’ for grants under para-graph (1) in this Act, or under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— State and Local Programs’’ in Public Law 114–4, division F of Public Law 113–76, or divi-sion D of Public Law 113–6 may be used by re-cipients or sub-recipients for costs, or reim-bursement of costs, related to providing hu-manitarian relief to unaccompanied alien children and alien adults accompanied by an alien minor where they are encountered after entering the United States, provided that such costs were incurred between Janu-ary 1, 2014, and December 31, 2014, or during the award period of performance. S
EC. 306. The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal year 2018, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security to be necessary for its Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program for the next fiscal year: Provided, That the methodology for as-sessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of pro-viding such services, including administra-tive costs of collecting such fees: Provided further, That such fees shall be deposited in a Radiological Emergency Preparedness Pro-gram account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized pur-poses on October 1, 2018, and remain avail-able until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND SERVICES U.S. C
ITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for operations and support of the E-Verify Program, $108,856,000. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for procurement, construction, and improvements of the E- Verify Program, $22,657,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021. F
EDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING  C
ENTERS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for operations and support, including the purchase of not to exceed 117 vehicles for police-type use and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and serv-ices as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $260,099,000, of which $49,409,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for operations and support, including the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $254,618,000, of which $134,795,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for research and de-velopment, $383,482,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. D
OMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for operations and support, $54,664,000: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for procurement, construction, and improvements, $87,096,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for research and de-velopment, $144,161,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
FEDERAL ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for Federal assist-ance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $44,519,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds otherwise made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replace-ment only, for areas where the Adminis-trator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided, That the Direc-tor of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees’ residences and places of employment. S
EC. 402. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to grant an immi-gration benefit unless the results of back-ground checks required by law to be com-pleted prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. S
EC. 403. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Im-migration Information Officers, Immigration Service Analysts, Contact Representatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immigration Services Officers. S
EC. 404. (a) Notwithstanding section 1356(n) of title 8, United States Code, of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6923 September 6, 2017 
funds deposited into the Immigration Exami-nations Fee Account, up to $10,000,000 may be allocated by U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services in fiscal year 2018 for the pur-pose of providing an immigrant integration grants program. (b) None of the funds made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for grants for immigrant integration under subsection (a) may be used to provide serv-ices to aliens who have not been lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence. S
EC. 405. The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to distribute funds to Federal law enforce-ment agencies for expenses incurred partici-pating in training accreditation. S
EC. 406. The Federal Law Enforcement Training Accreditation Board, including rep-resentatives from the Federal law enforce-ment community and non-Federal accredita-tion experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforce-ment training accreditation process to con-tinue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. S
EC. 407. (a) There is to be established a ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ters—Procurement, Construction, and Im-provements’’ appropriations account for planning, operational development, engi-neering, and purchases prior to sustainment and for information technology-related pro-curement, construction, and improvements, including non-tangible assets of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. (b) The Director of the Federal Law En-forcement Training Centers may accept transfers to the account established by sub-section (a) from Government agencies re-questing the construction of special use fa-cilities, as authorized by the Economy Act (31 U.S.C. 1535(b)): Provided, That the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers maintain administrative control and ownership upon completion of such facilities. S
EC. 408. The functions of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers instructor staff shall be classified as inherently govern-mental for the purpose of the Federal Activi-ties Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSIONS OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. Subject to the requirements of section 503 of this Act, the unexpended bal-ances of prior appropriations provided for ac-tivities in this Act may be transferred to ap-propriation accounts for such activities es-tablished pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable estab-lished accounts, and thereafter may be ac-counted for as one fund for the same time pe-riod as originally enacted. S
EC. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the components in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expendi-ture in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees avail-able to the components funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or eliminates a program, project, or activity, or increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (2) contracts out any function or activity presently performed by Federal employees or any new function or activity proposed to be performed by Federal employees in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; (3) augments funding for existing pro-grams, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (4) reduces funding for any program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel, by 10 percent or more; (5) reorganizes components; or (6) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel that would result in a change in funding levels for programs, projects, or activities as approved by the Congress. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are noti-fied at least 15 days in advance of such re-programming. (c) Up to 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Security by this Act or provided by previous appropria-tions Acts may be transferred between such appropriations if the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified at least 30 days in advance of such transfer, but no such ap-propriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by such transfer. (d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c), no funds shall be reprogrammed within or transferred between appropriations based upon an initial notification provided after June 30, except in extraordinary cir-cumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property. (e) The notification thresholds and proce-dures set forth in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) shall apply to any use of deobligated bal-ances of funds provided in previous Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Acts. (f) Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security may transfer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appropriations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 days in advance of such transfer. SEC. 504. Section 504 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31), related to the operations of a working capital fund, shall apply with respect to funds made avail-able in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. S
EC. 505. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogram-ming notification, but not later than June 30, 2019, from appropriations for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ and for ‘‘Coast Guard—Oper-ating Expenses’’, and salaries and expenses for ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construc-tion, and Improvements’’ and ‘‘Coast Guard—Reserve Training’’ for fiscal year 2018 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2019, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropria-tions were provided: Provided, That prior to the obligation of such funds, a notification shall be submitted to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in accordance with section 503. SEC. 506. Funds made available by this Act for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of an Act au-thorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 507. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives at least 3 full business days in advance of— (1) making or awarding a grant allocation, grant, contract, other transaction agree-ment, or task or delivery order on a Depart-ment of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent total-ing in excess of $1,000,000; (2) awarding a task or delivery order re-quiring an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multi-year De-partment of Homeland Security funds; (3) making a sole-source grant award; or (4) announcing publicly the intention to make or award items under paragraph (1), (2), or (3), including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) If the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that compliance with this sec-tion would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. (c) A notification under this section— (1) may not involve funds that are not available for obligation; and (2) shall include the amount of the award; the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of con-tract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. S
EC. 508. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no agency shall purchase, con-struct, or lease any additional facilities, ex-cept within or contiguous to existing loca-tions, to be used for the purpose of con-ducting Federal law enforcement training without advance notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommodated in existing Center facilities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, re-pair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. S
EC. 510. Sections 520, 522, and 530 of the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections ap-plied to funds made available in that Act. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy Amer-ican Act: Provided, That for purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to amend the oath of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6924 September 6, 2017 
allegiance required by section 337 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). S
EC. 513. Section 519 of division F of Public Law 114–113, regarding a prohibition on fund-ing for any position designated as a Prin-cipal Federal Official, shall apply with re-spect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. S
EC. 514. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for planning, test-ing, piloting, or developing a national identi-fication card. S
EC. 515. Any official that is required by this Act to report or to certify to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not dele-gate such authority to perform that act un-less specifically authorized herein. S
EC. 516. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. S
EC. 517. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 518. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to employ workers described in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)). S
EC. 519. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory per-formance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. S
EC. 520. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to enter into any Federal contract un-less such contract is entered into in accord-ance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless such contract is otherwise authorized by statute to be en-tered into without regard to the above ref-erenced statutes. S
EC. 521. (a) For an additional amount for financial systems modernization, $42,233,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. (b) Funds made available in subsection (a) for financial systems modernization may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. (c) No transfer described in subsection (b) shall occur until 15 days after the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. S
EC. 522. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 523. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a Federal law en-forcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. S
EC. 524. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international con-ference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives within at least 10 days of that deter-mination and the basis for that determina-tion: Provided, That for purposes of this sec-tion the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representa-tives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international orga-nizations, or nongovernmental organiza-tions: Provided further, That the total cost to the Department of Homeland Security of any such conference shall not exceed $500,000. S
EC. 525. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its partici-pation in a National Special Security Event. S
EC. 526. None of the funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 full-time positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that in-cludes— (1) the number of full-time positions af-fected by such change; (2) funding required for such change for the current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; (3) justification for such change; and (4) an analysis of compensation alter-natives to such change that were considered by the Department. S
EC. 527. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in this Act, upon the deter-mination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises homeland or national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for not less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. S
EC. 528. (a) Funding provided in this Act for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ may be used for minor procurement, construction, and improvements. (b) For purposes of subsection (a), ‘‘minor’’ refers to end items with a unit cost of $250,000 or less for personal property, and $2,000,000 or less for real property. S
EC. 529. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. SEC. 530. For fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security may provide, out of funds available to the Department of Home-land Security, for the primary and secondary schooling of dependents of Department of Homeland Security personnel who are sta-tioned outside the continental United States and for the transportation of such depend-ents in the same manner and to the same ex-tent that, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 544, the Sec-retary may provide, out of funds appro-priated to or for the use of the Coast Guard, for the primary and secondary schooling of, and the transportation of, dependents of Coast Guard personnel stationed outside the continental United States. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 531. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security, the fol-lowing funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the spec-ified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent reso-lution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): (1) $12,928,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Transportation Security Ad-ministration—Operations and Support’’; (2) $1,785,697 from Public Law 108–334 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (3) $1,920,100 from Public Law 109–90 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (4) $1,791,454 from Public Law 109–295 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (5) $3,221,594 from Public Law 110–161 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (6) $3,680,885 from Public Law 111–83 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (7) $25,000,000 from Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisi-tion, Construction, and Improvements’’; and (8) $95,000,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 532. From the unobligated balances available in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by section 9703 of title 31, United States Code (added by sec-tion 638 of Public Law 102–393), $187,000,000 shall be rescinded. S
EC. 534. Not later than 90 days from the date of this Act, the Commissioner of United States Customs and Border Protection shall: (a) conduct a survey of international pas-senger traffic at the airports listed in section 122.15(b) of title 19, Code of Federal Regula-tions, and designate any airport as a port of entry if that airport: (1) has scheduled inter-national service by one or more air carriers; and (2) received over 75,000 international pas-senger arrivals during the most recent cal-endar year in which federal passenger data is available; (b) ensure a sufficient number of United States Customs and Border Protec-tion officers are available at any airport des-ignated as a port of entry under subsection (a) in order for landing rights requests to be granted in accordance with section 122.14 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 535. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall be available to pay for an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6925 September 6, 2017 
to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Pro- vided, That should this prohibition be de-clared unconstitutional by a court of com-petent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. S
EC. 536. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. S
EC. 537. Nothing in the preceding section shall remove the obligation of the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement to pro-vide escort services necessary for a female detainee to receive such service outside the detention facility: Provided, That nothing in this section in any way diminishes the effect of section llll [preceding section] in-tended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. S
EC. 538. In fiscal year 2018, nonimmigrants shall be admitted to the United States under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a)) to perform agricultural labor or services, without regard to whether such labor is, or services are, of a temporary or seasonal nature. S
EC. 539. (a) Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b) of section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, Christopher William Gard, Constance Rhoda Keely Yates, and Charles Matthew William Gard shall each be eligible for issuance of an immigrant visa or for adjustment of status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence upon filing an application for issuance of an immigrant visa under section 204 of such Act or for adjustment of status to lawful perma-nent resident. (b) If Christopher William Gard, Constance Rhoda Keely Yates, or Charles Matthew Wil-liam Gard enters the United States before the filing deadline specified in subsection (c), he or she shall be considered to have entered and remained lawfully and shall, if otherwise eligible, be eligible for adjustment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply only if the application for issuance of an immi-grant visa or the application for adjustment of status is filed with appropriate fees within 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) Upon the granting of an immigrant visa or permanent residence to Christopher Wil-liam Gard, Constance Rhoda Keely Yates, and Charles Matthew William Gard, the Sec-retary of State shall instruct the proper offi-cer to reduce by 3, during the current or next following fiscal year, the total number of im-migrant visas that are made available to na-tives of the country of the aliens’ birth under section 203(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act or, if applicable, the total number of immigrant visas that are made available to natives of the country of the aliens’ birth under section 202(e) of such Act. (e) The natural parents, brothers, and sis-ters of Christopher William Gard, Constance Rhoda Keely Yates, and Charles Matthew William Gard shall not, by virtue of such re-lationship, be accorded any right, privilege, or status under the Immigration and Nation-ality Act. 
STATUE OF LIMITATIONS  S
EC. 540. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 705 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, and except’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (B) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘for project completion as certified by the grant-ee’’ after ‘‘final expenditure report’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to disaster or emergency assistance provided to a State or local government on or after January 1, 2004— (A) no administrative action may be taken to recover a payment of such assistance after the date of enactment of this Act if the ac-tion is prohibited under section 705(a)(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205(a)(1)); and (B) any administrative action to recover a payment of such assistance that is pending on such date of enactment shall be termi-nated if the action is prohibited under sec-tion 705(a)(1) of such Act. (2) L
IMITATION .—This section and the amendments made by this section, may not be construed to invalidate or otherwise af-fect any administration action completed be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 541. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 542. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division or the Department of Homeland Security Border Infrastructure Construction Appro-priations Act, 2018, shall be treated as a ref-erence to House Report 115–239. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and such Act and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division and such Act. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 543. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION F—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR E
MPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as ‘‘WIOA’’), the Second Chance Act of 2007, $3,042,720,000, plus reimburse-ments, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: (1) for grants to States for adult employ-ment and training activities, youth activi-ties, and dislocated worker employment and training activities, $2,624,108,000 as follows: (A) $776,736,000 for adult employment and training activities, of which $64,736,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and of which $712,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (B) $831,842,000 for youth activities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; and (C) $1,015,530,000 for dislocated worker em-ployment and training activities, of which $155,530,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and of which $860,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided , That the funds available for allot-ment to outlying areas to carry out subtitle B of title I of the WIOA shall not be subject to the requirements of section 127(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act; and (2) for national programs, $418,612,000 as follows: (A) $130,000,000 for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve, which shall be available for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds provided to carry out section 132(a)(2)(A) of the WIOA may be used to pro-vide assistance to a State for statewide or local use in order to address cases where there have been worker dislocations across multiple sectors or across multiple local areas and such workers remain dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further, That funds pro-vided to carry out section 168(b) of the WIOA may be used for technical assistance projects that provide assistance to new entrants in the workforce and incumbent workers: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding section 168(b) of the WIOA, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this title as ‘‘Sec-retary’’) may reserve not more than 10 per-cent of such funds to provide technical as-sistance and carry out additional activities related to the transition to the WIOA: Pro- vided further, That, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, up to $66,000,000 may be made available for applications sub-mitted in accordance with section 170 of the WIOA for training and employment assist-ance for workers in the Appalachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102 (a)(1); (B) $50,000,000 for Native American pro-grams under section 166 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (C) $72,000,000 for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $66,716,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training serv-ices), $4,850,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $434,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services; (D) $84,534,000 for YouthBuild activities as described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; and (E) $82,078,000 for ex-offender activities, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA and section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That of this amount, $25,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare young ex-offenders and school dropouts for employment, with a priority for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00269 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6926 September 6, 2017 
projects serving high-crime, high-poverty areas. 
JOB CORPS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  To carry out subtitle C of title I of the WIOA, including Federal administrative ex-penses, the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, the construction, alteration, and repairs of buildings and other facilities, and the purchase of real property for train-ing centers as authorized by the WIOA, $1,688,155,000, plus reimbursements, as fol-lows: (1) $1,572,886,000 for Job Corps Operations, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (2) $83,000,000 for construction, rehabilita-tion and acquisition of Job Corps Centers, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2021, and which may include the acquisition, maintenance, and repair of major items of equipment: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer up to 15 percent of such funds to meet the oper-ational needs of such centers or to achieve administrative efficiencies: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the preceding proviso shall not be available for obligation after June 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer; and (3) $32,269,000 for necessary expenses of Job Corps, which shall be available for obligation for the period October 1, 2017 through Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That no funds from any other ap-propriation shall be used to provide meal services at or for Job Corps centers. 
FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND  
ALLOWANCES  For payments during fiscal year 2018 of trade adjustment benefit payments and al-lowances under part I of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and section 246 of that Act; and for training, employment and case management services, allowances for job search and relocation, and related State administrative expenses under part II of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and including benefit payments, allowances, training, em-ployment and case management services, and related State administration provided pursuant to section 231(a) of the Trade Ad-justment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, $790,000,000 together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent appropriation for payments for any period subsequent to Sep-tember 15, 2018: Provided, That notwith-standing section 502 of this Act, any part of the appropriation provided under this head-ing may remain available for obligation be-yond the current fiscal year pursuant to the authorities of section 245(c) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(c)). 
STATE UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE AND  
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS  For authorized administrative expenses, $70,000,000, together with not to exceed $2,760,903,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund (‘‘the Trust Fund’’), of which: (1) $2,665,775,000 from the Trust Fund is for grants to States for the administration of State unemployment insurance laws as au-thorized under title III of the Social Security Act (including not less than $160,000,000 to conduct in-person reemployment and eligi-bility assessments and unemployment insur-ance improper payment reviews, and to pro-vide reemployment services and referrals to training as appropriate, for claimants of un-employment insurance for ex-service mem-bers under 5 U.S.C. 8521 et. seq. and for claimants of regular unemployment com-pensation, including those who are profiled as most likely to exhaust their benefits in each State, and $6,000,000 for continued sup-port of the Unemployment Insurance Integ-rity Center of Excellence), the administra-tion of unemployment insurance for Federal employees and for ex-service members as au-thorized under 5 U.S.C. 8501–8523, and the ad-ministration of trade readjustment allow-ances, reemployment trade adjustment as-sistance, and alternative trade adjustment assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 and under section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and shall be available for obliga-tion by the States through December 31, 2018, except that funds used for automation shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2018, and for State obligation through September 30, 2020, or, if the auto-mation is being carried out through con-sortia of States, for State obligation through September 30, 2023, and for expenditure through September 30, 2024, and funds for competitive grants awarded to States for im-proved operations and to conduct in-person reemployment and eligibility assessments and unemployment insurance improper pay-ment reviews and provide reemployment services and referrals to training, as appro-priate, shall be available for Federal obliga-tion through December 31, 2018, and for obli-gation by the States through September 30, 2020, and funds for the Unemployment Insur-ance Integrity Center of Excellence shall be available for obligation by the State through September 30, 2019, and funds used for unem-ployment insurance workloads experienced through September 30, 2018 shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2018; (2) $13,000,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities necessary to support the administration of the Federal-State unem-ployment insurance system; (3) $19,818,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities of the Employment Serv-ice, including administration of the work op-portunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the provi-sion of technical assistance and staff train-ing under the Wagner-Peyser Act; (4) $62,310,000 from the Trust Fund is for the administration of foreign labor certifi-cations and related activities under the Im-migration and Nationality Act and related laws, of which $48,028,000 shall be available for the Federal administration of such ac-tivities, and $14,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and (5) $70,000,000 from the General Fund is to provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and one-stop system build-ing under the Wagner-Peyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That to the extent that the Aver-age Weekly Insured Unemployment (‘‘AWIU’’) for fiscal year 2018 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,246,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the So-cial Security Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act that are allot-ted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suf-fered a major disaster declared by the Presi-dent under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States for the use of the National Directory of New Hires under section 453(j)(8) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make pay-ments on behalf of States to the entity oper-ating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States to the entity operating the Unemployment In-surance Integrity Center of Excellence: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated in this Act which are used to establish a national one-stop career center system, or which are used to support the national activities of the Federal-State unemployment insurance, em-ployment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and non-State enti-ties: Provided further, That States awarded competitive grants for improved operations under title III of the Social Security Act, or awarded grants to support the national ac-tivities of the Federal-State unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States and non-State entities under such grants, subject to the conditions appli-cable to the grants: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this Act for activi-ties authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the Wagner-Peyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation principles prescribed under the final rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Administra-tive Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ at part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regula-tions: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State participating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States par-ticipating in the consortium in order to carry out activities that benefit the adminis-tration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may collect fees for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and reporting serv-ices relating to the National Agricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and private institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organiza-tions and may utilize such sums, in accord-ance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, methodology, and data to meet the information collection and report-ing needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall re-main available until September 30, 2019, for such purposes. 
ADVANCES TO THE UNEMPLOYMENT TRUST FUND  
AND OTHER FUNDS  For repayable advances to the Unemploy-ment Trust Fund as authorized by sections 905(d) and 1203 of the Social Security Act, and to the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund as authorized by section 9501(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and for non-repayable advances to the revolving fund es-tablished by section 901(e) of the Social Se-curity Act, to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 8509, and to the ‘‘Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances’’ account, such sums as may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00270 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6927 September 6, 2017 
necessary, which shall be available for obli-gation through September 30, 2019. 
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For expenses of administering employment and training programs, $106,461,000, together with not to exceed $49,887,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Ad-ministration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. E
MPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY  A
DMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Employee Benefits Security Administration, $175,600,000. P
ENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
FUND  The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (‘‘Corporation’’) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such con-tracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104, as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated ad-ministrative expenses, through September 30, 2018, for the Corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available to the Corpora-tion for fiscal year 2018 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $424,417,000: Provided further, That to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Cor-poration exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2018, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, for obligation for adminis-trative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further, That obligations in excess of the amounts provided in this paragraph may be incurred for unforeseen and extraordinary pretermination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. W
AGE AND HOURDIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Wage and Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for inspection services rendered, $217,500,000. O
FFICE OF LABOR -MANAGEMENT STANDARDS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Labor-Management Standards, $41,129,000. O
FFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE  P
ROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, $94,500,000. O
FFICE OF WORKERS ’ COMPENSATION  P
ROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, $114,377,000, together with $2,173,000 which may be expended from the Special Fund in accordance with sections 39(c), 44(d), and 44(j) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act. 
SPECIAL BENEFITS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation, bene-fits, and expenses (except administrative ex-penses) accruing during the current or any prior fiscal year authorized by 5 U.S.C. 81; continuation of benefits as provided for under the heading ‘‘Civilian War Benefits’’ in the Federal Security Agency Appropriation Act, 1947; the Employees’ Compensation Commission Appropriation Act, 1944; section 5(f) of the War Claims Act (50 U.S.C. App. 2004); obligations incurred under the War Hazards Compensation Act (42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 50 percent of the additional com-pensation and benefits required by section 10(h) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, $220,000,000, together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent year appropria-tion for the payment of compensation and other benefits for any period subsequent to August 15 of the current year, for deposit into and to assume the attributes of the Em-ployees’ Compensation Fund established under 5 U.S.C. 8147(a): Provided, That amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a re-employed, disabled beneficiary: Provided further, That balances of reimbursements un-obligated on September 30, 2017, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Pro- vided further, That in addition there shall be transferred to this appropriation from the Postal Service and from any other corpora-tion or instrumentality required under 5 U.S.C. 8147(c) to pay an amount for its fair share of the cost of administration, such sums as the Secretary determines to be the cost of administration for employees of such fair share entities through September 30, 2018: Provided further, That of those funds transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administra-tion of the Federal Employees’ Compensa-tion Act, $71,188,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: (1) For enhancement and maintenance of automated data processing systems oper-ations and telecommunications systems, $24,540,000; (2) For automated workload processing op-erations, including document imaging, cen-tralized mail intake, and medical bill proc-essing, $22,968,000; (3) For periodic roll disability management and medical review, $21,946,000; (4) For program integrity, $1,734,000; and (5) The remaining funds shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Secretary may re-quire that any person filing a notice of in-jury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81, or the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Com-pensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (in-cluding Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. SPECIAL BENEFITS FOR DISABLED COAL MINERS  For carrying out title IV of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275, $54,319,000, to remain available until expended. For making after July 31 of the current fis-cal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , ENERGY EMPLOY -
EES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION  
FUND  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $59,846,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such iden-tifying information (including Social Secu-rity account number) as may be prescribed. BLACK LUNG DISABILITY TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Such sums as may be necessary from the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (the ‘‘Fund’’), to remain available until expended, for payment of all benefits authorized by sec-tion 9501(d)(1), (2), (6), and (7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and repayment of, and payment of interest on advances, as author-ized by section 9501(d)(4) of that Act. In addi-tion, the following amounts may be expended from the Fund for fiscal year 2018 for ex-penses of operation and administration of the Black Lung Benefits program, as author-ized by section 9501(d)(5): not to exceed $38,246,000 for transfer to the Office of Work-ers’ Compensation Programs, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $30,595,000 for trans-fer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $330,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Of-fice of Inspector General’’; and not to exceed $356,000 for payments into miscellaneous re-ceipts for the expenses of the Department of the Treasury. O
CCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH  A
DMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Administration, $531,470,000, including not to exceed $100,850,000 which shall be the maximum amount available for grants to States under section 23(g) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the ‘‘Act’’), which grants shall be no less than 50 percent of the costs of State occupational safety and health pro-grams required to be incurred under plans approved by the Secretary under section 18 of the Act; and, in addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may retain up to $499,000 per fiscal year of training institute course tuition and fees, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, and may utilize such sums for occupational safety and health training and education: Provided, That not- withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Secretary is authorized, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, to collect and retain fees for services provided to Nationally Recog-nized Testing Laboratories, and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, to administer national and international laboratory recognition pro-grams that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the work-place: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is en-gaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and em-ploys 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That no funds appropriated under this para-graph shall be obligated or expended to ad-minister or enforce any standard, rule, regu-lation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred (‘‘DART’’) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00271 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6928 September 6, 2017 
(1) to provide, as authorized by the Act, consultation, technical assistance, edu-cational and training services, and to con-duct surveys and studies; (2) to conduct an inspection or investiga-tion in response to an employee complaint, to issue a citation for violations found dur-ing such inspection, and to assess a penalty for violations which are not corrected within a reasonable abatement period and for any willful violations found; (3) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to imminent dangers; (4) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to health hazards; (5) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to a report of an employ-ment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitaliza-tion of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and (6) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to complaints of discrimi-nation against employees for exercising rights under the Act: Provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not main-tain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That not less than $3,500,000 shall be for Voluntary Protection Programs. M
INESAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Mine Safety and Health Administration, $359,975,000, in-cluding purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and first-aid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $10,537,000 for State assistance grants: Provided, That amounts available for State assistance grants may be used for the purchase and maintenance of new equipment required by the final rule entitled ‘‘Lowering Miners’ Exposure to Respirable Coal Mine Dust, Including Continuous Personal Dust Monitors’’ published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on May 1, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 24813 et seq.), for operators that demonstrate financial need as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That not-withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training mate-rials, otherwise authorized by law to be col-lected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration is authorized to collect and re-tain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, and may utilize such sums for such activi-ties: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equip-ment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further, That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety edu-cation and training in the mining commu-nity through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further, That the Secretary is au-thorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety asso-ciation and, notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Adminis-tration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national organization: Provided fur-ther, That any funds available to the Depart-ment of Labor may be used, with the ap-proval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, including advances or re-imbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $544,000,000, together with not to exceed $65,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administra-tion account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. O
FFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and em-ployment of people with disabilities, $36,800,000. D
EPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for Departmental Management, including the hire of three pas-senger motor vehicles, $272,539,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be ex-pended from the Employment Security Ad-ministration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided , That funds available to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs may be used to administer or operate inter-national labor activities, bilateral and mul-tilateral technical assistance, and micro-finance programs, by or through contracts, grants, subgrants and other arrangements: Provided further, That $8,040,000 shall be used for program evaluation and shall be avail-able for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be used to ad-minister grants for the purpose of evalua-tion: Provided further, That grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open competition: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be transferred to any other appropriate account in the Department for such purpose: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are noti-fied at least 15 days in advance of any trans-fer: Provided further, That the funds available to the Women’s Bureau may be used for grants to serve and promote the interests of women in the workforce: Provided further, That of the amounts made available to the Women’s Bureau, $994,000 shall be used for grants authorized by the Women in Appren-ticeship and Nontraditional Occupations Act. 
VETERANS EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  Not to exceed $236,514,000 may be derived from the Employment Security Administra-tion account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which: (1) $175,000,000 is for Jobs for Veterans State grants under 38 U.S.C. 4102A(b)(5) to support disabled veterans’ outreach program specialists under section 4103A of such title and local veterans’ employment representa-tives under section 4104(b) of such title, and for the expenses described in section 4102A(b)(5)(C), which shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2018, and not to exceed 3 percent for the necessary Federal expenditures for data sys-tems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance in-formation: Provided, That, in addition, such funds may be used to support such special-ists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive serv-ices, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members; (2) $16,073,000 is for carrying out the Tran-sition Assistance Program under 38 U.S.C. 4113 and 10 U.S.C. 1144; (3) $42,027,000 is for Federal administration of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That of such amounts, not more than $1,000,000 shall be available for necessary expenses of the HIRE Vets Medal-lion Award Program authorized by the HIRE Vets Act (Division O of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note)), which shall be in addition to amounts available in the HIRE Vets Me-dallion Award Fund established by section 5 of such Act; and (4) $3,414,000 is for the National Veterans’ Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: Provided, That the Secretary may reallocate among the appropriations provided under paragraphs (1) through (4) above an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the appropriation from which such reallocation is made: Pro- vided further, That the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund shall be available to the Sec-retary for necessary expenses of the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program authorized by the Hire Vets Act (Division O of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note)). In addition, from the General Fund of the Treasury, $47,537,000 is for carrying out pro-grams to assist homeless veterans and vet-erans at risk of homelessness who are transitioning from certain institutions under sections 2021, 2021A, and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That notwith-standing subsections (c)(3) and (d) of section 2023, the Secretary may award grants through September 30, 2018, to provide serv-ices under such section: Provided further, That services provided under section 2023 may include, in addition to services to the individuals described in subsection (e) of such section, services to veterans recently released from incarceration who are at risk of homelessness. IT MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses for Department of Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support sys-tems and modernization, $20,769,000, which shall be available through September 30, 2019. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $83,487,000, together with not to exceed $5,660,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration ac-count in the Unemployment Trust Fund. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 102. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00272 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6929 September 6, 2017 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Department of Labor in this Act may be transferred between a program, project, or activity, but no such program, project, or activity shall be in-creased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer author-ity granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 103. In accordance with Executive Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, man-ufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States De-partment of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made avail-able to the Department of Labor for grants under section 414(c) of the American Com-petitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2916a) may be used for any purpose other than competitive grants for training individuals who are older than 16 years of age and are not currently enrolled in school within a local educational agency in the occupations and industries for which employers are using H–1B visas to hire for-eign workers, and the related activities nec-essary to support such training. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration’’ shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an indi-vidual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Of-fice of Management and Budget Circular A– 133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving sala-ries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including the relative cost-of-living in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 106. (a) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer funds made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or through a set-aside, for technical assist-ance services to grantees to ‘‘Program Ad-ministration’’ when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently per-formed by Federal employees: Provided, That this section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. (b) Notwithstanding section 102, the Sec-retary may transfer not more than 0.5 per-cent of each discretionary appropriation made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act to ‘‘Program Administration’’ in order to carry out program integrity activities relating to any of the programs or activities that are funded under any such discretionary appro-priations: Provided, That funds transferred from under paragraphs (1) and (2) of the ‘‘Of-fice of Job Corps’’ account shall be available under paragraph (3) of such account in order to carry out program integrity activities re-lating to the Job Corps program: Provided further, That funds transferred under this subsection shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 107. (a) The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.75 percent from each appropria-tion made available in this Act identified in subsection (b) in order to carry out evalua-tions of any of the programs or activities that are funded under such accounts. Any funds reserved under this section shall be transferred to ‘‘Departmental Management’’ for use by the Office of the Chief Evaluation Officer within the Department of Labor, and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall only be available if the Chief Evalua-tion Officer of the Department of Labor sub-mits a plan to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any trans-fer. (b) The accounts referred to in subsection (a) are: ‘‘Training and Employment Serv-ices’’, ‘‘Job Corps’’, ‘‘Community Service Employment for Older Americans’’, ‘‘State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’, ‘‘Employee Benefits Se-curity Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs’’, ‘‘Wage and Hour Division’’, ‘‘Office of Federal Contract Com-pliance Programs’’, ‘‘Office of Labor Manage-ment Standards’’, ‘‘Occupational Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Mine Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Dis-ability Employment Policy’’, funding made available to the ‘‘Bureau of International Labor Affairs’’ and ‘‘Women’s Bureau’’ with-in the ‘‘Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses’’ account, and ‘‘Veterans Em-ployment and Training’’. S
EC. 108. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, beginning October 1, 2017, the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture may select an enti-ty to operate a Civilian Conservation Center on a competitive basis in accordance with section 147 of the WIOA, if the Secretary of Labor determines such Center has had con-sistently low performance under the per-formance accountability system in effect for the Job Corps program prior to July 1, 2016, or with respect to expected levels of perform-ance established under section 159(c) of such Act beginning July 1, 2016. S
EC. 109. (a) Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such section: ‘‘(s)(1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the oc-currence of a major disaster to any em-ployee— ‘‘(A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major dis-aster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, sell-ing, or marketing property, casualty, or li-ability insurance policies or contracts; ‘‘(B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum week-ly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(C) whose duties include any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) interviewing insured individuals, indi-viduals who suffered injuries or other dam-ages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; ‘‘(ii) inspecting property damage or review-ing factual information to prepare damage estimates; ‘‘(iii) evaluating and making recommenda-tions regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; ‘‘(iv) negotiating settlements; or ‘‘(v) making recommendations regarding litigation. ‘‘(2) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘major disaster’ means any disaster or catastrophe declared or des-ignated by any State or Federal agency or department; ‘‘(B) the term ‘employee employed to ad-just or evaluate claims resulting from or re-lating to such major disaster’ means an indi-vidual who timely secured or secures a li-cense required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) re-lating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker com-pensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such em-ployees; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘affiliate’ means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. (RESCISSION)  S
EC. 110. Of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Ad-ministration–Training and Employment Services’’ in division H of Public Law 115–31, $200,000,000 is rescinded, to be derived from the amount made available in paragraph (2)(A) under such heading for the period Oc-tober 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018. S
EC. 111. (a) F LEXIBILITY WITHRESPECT TO  
THECROSSING OF H–2B N ONIMMIGRANTS WORK-
ING IN THE SEAFOOD INDUSTRY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is grant-ed, the employer may bring the non-immigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120- day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CROSSINGS AFTER  
90TH DAY .—An employer in the seafood indus-try may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the em-ployer is seeking the services of the non-immigrants unless the employer— (A) completes a new assessment of the local labor market by— (i) listing job orders in local newspapers on 2 separate Sundays; and (ii) posting the job opportunity on the ap-propriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer’s place of employment; and (B) offers the job to an equally or better qualified United States worker who— (i) applies for the job; and (ii) will be available at the time and place of need. (3) E
XEMPTION FROM RULES WITH RESPECT TO  
STAGGERING .—The Secretary of Labor shall not consider an employer in the seafood in-dustry who brings H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States during the 120-day period specified in paragraph (1) to be staggering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00273 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6930 September 6, 2017 
the date of need in violation of section 655.20(d) of title 20, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any other applicable provision of law. (b) H–2B N
ONIMMIGRANTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘H–2B nonimmigrants’’ means aliens admitted to the United States pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B)). S
EC. 112. The determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program shall be the greater of—(1) the actual wage level paid by the employer to other employ-ees with similar experience and qualifica-tions for such position in the same location; or (2) the prevailing wage level for the occu-pational classification of the position in the geographic area in which the H–2B non-immigrant will be employed, based on the best information available at the time of fil-ing the petition. In the determination of pre-vailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program, the Secretary shall accept private wage surveys even in instances where Occu-pational Employment Statistics survey data are available unless the Secretary deter-mines that the methodology and data in the provided survey are not statistically sup-ported. S
EC. 113. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to enforce the definition of cor-responding employment found in 20 CFR 655.5 or the three-fourths guarantee rule defi-nition found in 20 CFR 655.20, or any ref-erences thereto. Further, for the purpose of regulating admission of temporary workers under the H–2B program, the definition of temporary need shall be that provided in 8 CFR 214.2(h)(6)(ii)(B). S
EC. 114. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the final rule issued by the De-partment of Labor entitled ‘‘Definition of the Term ‘‘Fiduciary’’; Conflict of Interest Rule-Retirement Investment Advice’’ and published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on April 8, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 20946 et seq.), shall have no force or ef-fect. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES H
EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For carrying out titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘PHS Act’’) with respect to pri-mary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,491,522,000: Pro- vided, That no more than $100,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of section 224(o) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That no more than $99,893,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of sections 224(g)–(n) and (q) of the PHS Act, and for ex-penses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HHS’’) pertaining to administrative claims made under such law. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, sections 1128E and 1921 of the So-cial Security Act, and the Health Care Qual-ity Improvement Act of 1986, $748,236,000: Pro- vided, That sections 736(h)(1), 747(c)(2), 751(j)(2), 762(k), and the proportional funding amounts in paragraphs (1) through (4) of sec-tion 756(f) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That for any program oper-ating under section 751 of the PHS Act on or before January 1, 2009, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this title as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may hereafter waive any of the requirements contained in sections 751(d)(2)(A) and 751(d)(2)(B) of such Act for the full project period of a grant under such section: Provided further, That no funds shall be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That fees col-lected for the disclosure of information under section 427(b) of the Health Care Qual-ity Improvement Act of 1986 and sections 1128E(d)(2) and 1921 of the Social Security Act shall be sufficient to recover the full costs of operating the programs authorized by such sections and shall remain available until expended for the National Practitioner Data Bank: Provided further, That funds transferred to this account to carry out sec-tion 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such sec-tions. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, XI, XII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health, title V of the Social Secu-rity Act, and section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, $848,617,000: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding sections 502(a)(1) and 502(b)(1) of the Social Security Act, not more than $80,593,000 shall be avail-able for carrying out special projects of re-gional and national significance pursuant to section 501(a)(2) of such Act and $10,276,000 shall be available for projects described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 501(a)(3) of such Act. 
RYAN WHITE HIV /AIDS PROGRAM  For carrying out title XXVI of the PHS Act with respect to the Ryan White HIV/ AIDS program, $2,318,781,000, of which $1,970,881,000 shall remain available to the Secretary through September 30, 2020, for parts A and B of title XXVI of the PHS Act, and of which not less than $900,313,000 shall be for State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under the authority of section 2616 or 311(c) of such Act. 
HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS  For carrying out titles III and XII of the PHS Act with respect to health care sys-tems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-search Act of 2005, $100,518,000. 
RURAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III and IV of the PHS Act with respect to rural health, sec-tion 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, and sections 711 and 1820 of the Social Security Act, $156,060,000, of which $43,609,000 from general revenues, notwithstanding section 1820(j) of the Social Security Act, shall be available for carrying out the Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants program: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading for Medi-care rural hospital flexibility grants, $14,942,000 shall be available for the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for quality improvement and adoption of health information technology and up to $1,000,000 shall be to carry out section 1820(g)(6) of the Social Security Act, with funds provided for grants under section 1820(g)(6) available for the purchase and im-plementation of telehealth services, includ-ing pilots and demonstrations on the use of electronic health records to coordinate rural veterans care between rural providers and the Department of Veterans Affairs elec-tronic health record system: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 338J(k) of the PHS Act, $10,000,000 shall be available for State Offices of Rural Health. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For program support in the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, $151,993,000: Provided, That funds made avail-able under this heading may be used to sup-plement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, ‘‘Health Workforce’’, ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, ‘‘Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program’’, ‘‘Health Care Systems’’, and ‘‘Rural Health’’. VACCINE INJURY COMPENSATION PROGRAM  
TRUST FUND  For payments from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund (the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), such sums as may be nec-essary for claims associated with vaccine-re-lated injury or death with respect to vac-cines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That for necessary administrative ex-penses, not to exceed $8,250,000 shall be avail-able from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Edu-cation Assistance Act, with respect to immu-nization and respiratory diseases, $470,700,000. 
HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS , SEXUALLY TRANS -
MITTED DISEASES , AND TUBERCULOSIS PRE -
VENTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/ AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,117,278,000. 
EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education As-sistance Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $499,522,000. 
CHRONIC DISEASE PREVENTION AND HEALTH  
PROMOTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, XV, XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health pro-motion, $703,696,000: Provided, That funds ap-propriated under this account may be avail-able for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, tribes, or tribal organizations: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be available to con-tinue and expand community specific exten-sion and outreach programs to combat obe-sity in counties with the highest levels of obesity: Provided further, That the propor-tional funding requirements under section 1503(a) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. 
BIRTH DEFECTS , DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES , 
DISABILITIES AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $137,560,000. 
PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to health statis-tics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $328,697,000: Pro- vided, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $150,700,000 shall be available from amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out Public Health Sci-entific Services. 
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $142,750,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00274 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6931 September 6, 2017 
INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to injury preven-tion and control, $286,059,000: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading, $112,000,000 shall be available for an evidence- based opioid drug overdose prevention pro-gram. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR OCCUPATIONAL  
SAFETY AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Im-provement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $325,200,000. 
ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS  
COMPENSATION PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount shall be available con-sistent with the provision regarding adminis-trative expenses in section 151(b) of division B, title I of Public Law 106–554. 
GLOBAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to global health, $435,121,000, of which $128,421,000 for inter-national HIV/AIDS shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds may be used for purchase and insur-ance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. 
PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, ra-diological, and chemical threats to civilian populations, $1,450,000,000, of which $600,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the Strategic National Stockpile: Provided, That in the event the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (referred to in this title as ‘‘CDC’’) acti-vates the Emergency Operations Center, the Director of the CDC may detail CDC staff without reimbursement for up to 90 days to support the work of the CDC Emergency Op-erations Center, so long as the Director pro-vides a notice to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority and a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which in-cludes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and number of days detailed: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a contract for the op-eration and maintenance of an aircraft in di-rect support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address pub-lic health preparedness emergencies. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition of real property, equip-ment, construction, demolition, and renova-tion of facilities, $10,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That funds previously set-aside by CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Laboratory shall be used to acquire a replacement mine safety research facility: Provided further, That in addition, the prior year unobligated balance of any amounts as-signed to former employees in accounts of CDC made available for Individual Learning Accounts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made available under this heading to support the replacement of the mine safety research facility. CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII and XIX, and section 2821 of the PHS Act and for cross-cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, $103,570,000: Provided, That paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) of section 2821 of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading and in all other accounts of the CDC: Provided further, That employees of CDC or the Public Health Service, both civil-ian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organiza-tions under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as non-Federal employees for re-porting purposes only and shall not be in-cluded within any personnel ceiling applica-ble to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided further, That CDC may use up to $10,000 from amounts appropriated to CDC in this Act for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Di-rector of CDC: Provided further, That in addi-tion, such sums as may be derived from au-thorized user fees, which shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2019. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $5,471,181,000, of which up to $10,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improve-ments at the National Cancer Institute— Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. 
NATIONAL HEART , LUNG , AND BLOOD INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, and blood diseases, and blood and blood products, $3,256,521,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DENTAL AND  
CRANIOFACIAL RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, $432,363,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DIABETES AND  
DIGESTIVE AND KIDNEY DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to diabetes and di-gestive and kidney disease, $1,899,733,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NEUROLOGICAL  
DISORDERS AND STROKE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to neurological disorders and stroke, $1,810,011,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to allergy and in-fectious diseases, $5,005,813,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF GENERAL MEDICAL  
SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, $2,713,775,000, of which $824,443,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That not less than $373,361,000 is provided for the Institu-tional Development Awards program. 
EUNICE KENNEDY SHRIVER NATIONAL INSTITUTE  
OF CHILD HEALTH AND HUMAN DEVELOPMENT  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to child health and human development, $1,401,727,000. NATIONAL EYE INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to eye diseases and visual disorders, $743,881,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
HEALTH SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health sciences, $725,387,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON AGING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to aging, $2,458,733,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ARTHRITIS AND  
MUSCULOSKELETAL AND SKIN DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, $566,515,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DEAFNESS AND OTHER  
COMMUNICATION DISORDERS  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to deafness and other communication disorders, $443,624,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NURSING RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to nursing re-search, $152,599,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON ALCOHOL ABUSE AND  
ALCOHOLISM  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to alcohol abuse and alcoholism, $490,796,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DRUG ABUSE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to drug abuse, $1,107,497,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $1,625,461,000. 
NATIONAL HUMAN GENOME RESEARCH INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to human genome research, $536,774,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF BIOMEDICAL IMAGING  
AND BIOENGINEERING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to biomedical im-aging and bioengineering research, $362,506,000. 
NATIONAL CENTER FOR COMPLEMENTARY AND  
INTEGRATIVE HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to complementary and integrative health, $136,741,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON MINORITY HEALTH AND  
HEALTH DISPARITIES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to minority health and health disparities research, $293,583,000. 
JOHN E . FOGARTY INTERNATIONAL CENTER  For carrying out the activities of the John E. Fogarty International Center (described in subpart 2 of part E of title IV of the PHS Act), $73,353,000. 
NATIONAL LIBRARY OF MEDICINE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to health informa-tion communications, $413,848,000: Provided, That of the amounts available for improve-ment of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided further, That in fiscal year 2018, the Na-tional Library of Medicine may enter into personal services contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the Na-tional Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as ‘‘NIH’’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00275 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6932 September 6, 2017 
NATIONAL CENTER FOR ADVANCING  
TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to translational sciences, $718,867,000: Provided, That up to $25,835,000 shall be available to implement section 480 of the PHS Act, relating to the Cures Acceleration Network: Provided fur-ther, That at least $526,120,000 is provided to the Clinical and Translational Sciences Awards program. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR  For carrying out the responsibilities of the Office of the Director, NIH, $1,705,248,000: Provided, That funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Pro- vided further, That all funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain avail-able for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further, That $165,000,000 shall be for the National Children’s Study Follow-on: Provided further, That $682,980,000 shall be available for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c)(1) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Di-rector of the NIH: Provided further, That the Office of AIDS Research within the Office of the Director of the NIH may spend up to $8,000,000 to make grants for construction or renovation of facilities as provided for in section 2354(a)(5)(B) of the PHS Act. In addition to other funds appropriated for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c) of the PHS Act, $12,600,000 is appro-priated to the Common Fund from the 10- year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund de-scribed in section 9008 of title 26, United States Code, for the purpose of carrying out section 402(b)(7)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act (relat-ing to pediatric research), as authorized in the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the study of, construction or demoli-tion of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $128,863,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2022. 
NIH INNOVATION ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes in the appropriations provided to the NIH in this Act, $496,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of such Act and are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $300,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Na-tional Cancer Institute’’ account for the pur-poses described in section 1001(b)(4)(C) of such Act, $43,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘National Institute of Neurological Dis-orders and Stroke’’ account for the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4)(B) of such Act, and $43,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘National Institute of Mental Health’’ ac-count for the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That remaining amounts may be transferred by the Director of the NIH to any accounts of the NIH: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Director that funds transferred pursuant to any of the previous provisos are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to this account: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. SUBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH  S
ERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, and the Protection and Advocacy for Individ-uals with Mental Illness Act, $928,668,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 520A(f)(2) of the PHS Act, no funds appro-priated for carrying out section 520A shall be available for carrying out section 1971 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $21,039,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1920(b) tech-nical assistance, national data, data collec-tion and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1920(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for sub-part I of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That States shall expend at least 10 percent of the amount each receives for carrying out section 1911 of the PHS Act to support evi-dence-based programs that address the needs of individuals with early serious mental ill-ness, including psychotic disorders, regard-less of the age of the individual at onset: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be sub-ject to section 241 of such Act: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Protecting Access to Medi-care Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and title XIX of such Act with re-spect to substance abuse treatment and pre-vention, $2,130,306,000: Provided, That in addi-tion to amounts provided herein, $81,200,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds otherwise available for substance abuse treatment ac-tivities and to carry out subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1935(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1935(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appro-priated for subpart II of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided for section 1921 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $165,373,000. 
HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For program support and cross-cutting ac-tivities that supplement activities funded under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Sub-stance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’ in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protec-tion and Advocacy for Individuals with Men-tal Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $108,922,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $23,426,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds available to carry out na-tional surveys on drug abuse and mental health, to collect and analyze program data, and to conduct public awareness and tech-nical assistance activities: Provided further, That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabula-tions, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a pub-lic or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available in this Act for car-rying out section 501(o) of the PHS Act shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supple-ment program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Sub-stance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’. AGENCY FOR HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND  Q
UALITY  
HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY  For carrying out titles III and IX of the PHS Act, part A of title XI of the Social Se-curity Act, and section 1013 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Mod-ernization Act of 2003, $300,000,000: Provided, That section 947(c) of the PHS Act shall not apply in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That in addition, amounts received from Freedom of Information Act fees, reimburs-able and interagency agreements, and the sale of data shall be credited to this appro-priation and shall remain available until September 30, 2019. C
ENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID  S
ERVICES  
GRANTS TO STATES FOR MEDICAID  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act, $284,798,384,000, to remain available until expended. For making, after May 31, 2018, payments to States under title XIX or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the last quarter of fiscal year 2018 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making payments to States or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $134,847,759,000, to remain available until ex-pended. Payment under such title XIX may be made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subse-quent quarter. 
PAYMENTS TO HEALTH CARE TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Hospital In-surance Trust Fund and the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 217(g), 1844, and 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act, sections 103(c) and 111(d) of the Social Security Amendments of 1965, section 278(d)(3) of Pub-lic Law 97–248, and for administrative ex-penses incurred pursuant to section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, $323,497,300,000. In addition, for making matching pay-ments under section 1844 and benefit pay-ments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be nec-essary. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles XI, XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, titles XIII and XXVII of the PHS Act, and the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, not to ex-ceed $3,451,141,000, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insur-ance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act; together with all funds collected in accordance with section 353 of the PHS Act and section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act, funds retained by the Secretary pursuant to sec-tion 1893(h) of the Social Security Act; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00276 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6933 September 6, 2017 
such sums as may be collected from author-ized user fees and the sale of data, which shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided, That no funds shall be derived from offsetting collec-tions through fees collected from qualified health plans offered through an Exchange es-tablished under Public Law 111–148 to oper-ate such an Exchange: Provided further, That all funds derived in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 9701 from organizations established under title XIII of the PHS Act shall be cred-ited to and available for carrying out the purposes of this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary is directed to col-lect fees in fiscal year 2018 from Medicare Advantage organizations pursuant to section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act and from eligible organizations with risk-sharing con-tracts under section 1876 of that Act pursu-ant to section 1876(k)(4)(D) of that Act. 
HEALTH CARE FRAUD AND ABUSE CONTROL  
ACCOUNT  In addition to amounts otherwise available for program integrity and program manage-ment, $745,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, of which $486,936,000 shall be for the Medicare Integrity Program at the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services, including admin-istrative costs, to conduct oversight activi-ties for Medicare Advantage under Part C and the Medicare Prescription Drug Program under Part D of the Social Security Act and for activities described in section 1893(b) of such Act, of which $82,132,000 shall be for the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by sec-tion 1817(k)(3) of such Act, of which $82,132,000 shall be for the Medicaid and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program (‘‘CHIP’’) program integrity activities, and of which $93,800,000 shall be for the Department of Justice to carry out fraud and abuse activi-ties authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act: Provided, That the report required by section 1817(k)(5) of the Social Security Act for fiscal year 2018 shall include measures of the operational efficiency and impact on fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs for the funds provided by this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That of the amount provided under this heading, $311,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $434,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(C) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall support the Senior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse from the funds provided to this account. A
DMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR CHILD SUPPORT  
ENFORCEMENT AND FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $2,995,400,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until expended. For carrying out, after May 31 of the cur-rent fiscal year, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE  For making payments under subsections (b) and (d) of section 2602 of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, $3,390,304,000: Provided, That all but $491,000,000 of this amount shall be allocated as though the total appropriation for such payments for fiscal year 2018 was less than $1,975,000,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 2609A(a), of the amounts ap-propriated under section 2602(b), not more than $2,988,000 of such amounts may be re-served by the Secretary for technical assist-ance, training, and monitoring of program activities for compliance with internal con-trols, policies and procedures and may, in ad-dition to the authorities provided in section 2609A(a)(1), use such funds through contracts with private entities that do not qualify as nonprofit organizations. 
REFUGEE AND ENTRANT ASSISTANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for refugee and en-trant assistance activities authorized by sec-tion 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (‘‘TVPA’’), and the Tor-ture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $1,022,811,000, of which $993,321,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided, That amounts available under this heading to carry out the TVPA shall also be avail-able for research and evaluation with respect to activities under such Act: Provided further, That the limitation in section 205 of this Act regarding transfers increasing any appro-priation shall apply to transfers to appro-priations under this heading by substituting ‘‘10 percent’’ for ‘‘3 percent’’. 
PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR THE CHILD CARE AND  
DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT  For carrying out the Child Care and Devel-opment Block Grant Act of 2014 (‘‘CCDBG Act’’), $2,860,000,000 shall be used to supple-ment, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for low-in-come families: Provided, That technical as-sistance under section 658I(a)(3) of such Act may be provided directly, or through the use of contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or interagency agreements: Provided further, That all funds made available to carry out section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618), including funds appropriated for that purpose in such section 418 or any other provision of law, shall be subject to the res-ervation of funds authority in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 658O(a) of the CCDBG Act. 
SOCIAL SERVICES BLOCK GRANT  For making grants to States pursuant to section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of section 404(d)(2) of such Act, the applicable percent specified under such subparagraph for a State to carry out State programs pursuant to title XX–A of such Act shall be 10 percent. 
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Head Start Act, the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, sections 303 and 313 of the Family Violence Prevention and Serv-ices Act, the Native American Programs Act of 1974, title II of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment and Adoption Reform Act of 1978 (adoption opportunities), part B–1 of title IV and sections 429, 473A, 477(i), 1110, 1114A, and 1115 of the Social Security Act, and the Community Services Block Grant Act (‘‘CSBG Act’’); for necessary administra-tive expenses to carry out titles I, IV, V, X, XI, XIV, XVI, and XX–A of the Social Secu-rity Act, the Act of July 5, 1960, the Low-In-come Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014, the Assets for Independence Act, title IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Edu-cation Assistance Act of 1980, $11,181,500,000, of which $37,943,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, shall be for grants to States for adoption and legal guardianship incentive payments, as defined by section 473A of the Social Security Act and may be made for adoptions and legal guardianships completed before September 30, 2018: Provided, That $9,275,000,000 shall be for making payments under the Head Start Act: Provided further, That of the amount in the previous proviso, $8,610,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 640 of the Head Start Act, of which $21,905,000 shall be available for a cost of living adjustment notwithstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act: Provided further, That of the amount provided for making payments under the Head Start Act, $25,000,000 shall be available for allocation by the Secretary to supple-ment activities described in paragraphs (7)(B) and (9) of section 641(c) of such Act under the Designation Renewal System, es-tablished under the authority of sections 641(c)(7), 645A(b)(12) and 645A(d) of such Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding such section 640, of the amount provided for mak-ing payments under the Head Start Act, and in addition to funds otherwise available under such section 640 for such purposes, $640,000,000 shall be available through March 31, 2019 for Early Head Start programs as de-scribed in section 645A of such Act, for con-version of Head Start services to Early Head Start services as described in section 645(a)(5)(A) of such Act, for discretionary grants for high quality infant and toddler care through Early Head Start-Child Care Partnerships, to entities defined as eligible under section 645A(d) of such Act, for train-ing and technical assistance for such activi-ties, and for up to $14,000,000 in Federal costs of administration and evaluation, and, not-withstanding section 645A(c)(2) of such Act, these funds are available to serve children under age 4: Provided further, That funds de-scribed in the preceding two provisos shall not be included in the calculation of ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of such Act: Provided further, That $250,000,000 shall be available until December 31, 2018 for car-rying out sections 9212 and 9213 of the Every Student Succeeds Act: Provided further, That up to 3 percent of the funds in the preceding proviso shall be available for technical as-sistance and evaluation related to grants awarded under such section 9212: Provided further, That $617,500,000 shall be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Provided fur-ther, That $17,850,000 shall be for sections 680 and 678E(b)(2) of the CSBG Act, of which not less than $10,000,000 shall be for section 680(a)(2) and not less than $7,500,000 shall be for section 680(a)(3)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 675C(a)(3) of such Act, to the extent Commu-nity Services Block Grant funds are distrib-uted as grant funds by a State to an eligible entity as provided under such Act, and have not been expended by such entity, they shall remain with such entity for carryover into the next fiscal year for expenditure by such entity consistent with program purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary shall es-tablish procedures regarding the disposition of intangible assets and program income 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00277 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6934 September 6, 2017 
that permit such assets acquired with, and program income derived from, grant funds authorized under section 680 of the CSBG Act to become the sole property of such grantees after a period of not more than 12 years after the end of the grant period for any activity consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That intangible assets in the form of loans, equity invest-ments and other debt instruments, and pro-gram income may be used by grantees for any eligible purpose consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided fur-ther, That these procedures shall apply to such grant funds made available after No-vember 29, 1999: Provided further, That funds appropriated for section 680(a)(2) of the CSBG Act shall be available for financing construction and rehabilitation and loans or investments in private business enterprises owned by community development corpora-tions: Provided further, That $1,864,000 shall be for a human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to in-clude a comprehensive national case man-agement contract and Federal costs of ad-ministering the system: Provided further, That up to $2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to sup-port data collection for a study of the sys-tem’s effectiveness. 
PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $325,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $59,765,000: Provided, That notwithstanding sections 438(c)(3)(A) and 436(b)(2) of such Act, $10,000,000 shall be available for such section 436(b)(2), of which no funds shall be available for carrying out sections 438(c)(3)(A)(ii) and (iii) of such Act. 
PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE AND PERMANENCY  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $6,225,000,000. For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $2,700,000,000. For carrying out, after May 31 of the cur-rent fiscal year, except as otherwise pro-vided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. A
DMINISTRATION FOR COMMUNITY LIVING  
AGING AND DISABILITY SERVICES PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 (‘‘OAA’’), titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX– B of the Social Security Act, the Develop-mental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and for Department-wide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individ-uals with disabilities, $2,237,224,000: Provided, That amounts appropriated under this head-ing may be used for grants to States under section 361 of the OAA only for disease pre-vention and health promotion programs and activities which have been demonstrated through rigorous evaluation to be evidence- based and effective: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading, $300,000,000 shall be available for carrying out title V of the OAA: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, such funds shall be available through June 30, 2019, and may be recaptured and reobligated in accordance with section 517(c) of the OAA: Provided further, That of amounts made available under this heading to carry out sections 311, 331, and 336 of the OAA, up to one percent of such amounts shall be avail-able for developing and implementing evi-dence-based practices for enhancing senior nutrition: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be for competi-tive grants to support alternative financing programs that provide for the purchase of as-sistive technology devices, such as a low-in-terest loan fund; an interest buy-down pro-gram; a revolving loan fund; a loan guar-antee; or an insurance program: Provided fur-ther, That applicants shall provide an assur-ance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize con-sumer choice and control: Provided further, That State agencies and community-based disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by an eligible sys-tem (as defined in section 102 of the Protec-tion and Advocacy for Individuals with Men-tal Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10802)) to continue to pursue any legal action in a Federal or State court on behalf of an individual or group of individuals with a developmental disability (as defined in section 102(8)(A) of the Developmental Disabilities and Assist-ance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (20 U.S.C. 15002(8)(A)) that is attributable to a mental impairment (or a combination of mental and physical impairments), that has as the re-quested remedy the closure of State operated intermediate care facilities for people with intellectual or developmental disabilities, unless reasonable public notice of the action has been provided to such individuals (or, in the case of mental incapacitation, the legal guardians who have been specifically award-ed authority by the courts to make healthcare and residential decisions on be-half of such individuals) who are affected by such action, within 90 days of instituting such legal action, which informs such indi-viduals (or such legal guardians) of their legal rights and how to exercise such rights consistent with current Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: Provided further, That the limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an indi-vidual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the pro-viso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided, for general departmental manage-ment, including hire of six passenger motor vehicles, and for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $292,881,000, together with $57,465,000 from the amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out national health or human services research and evaluation ac-tivities: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $20,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which ex-clusively implement education in sexual risk avoidance (defined as voluntarily refraining from non-marital sexual activity): Provided further, That funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall use medically accurate information referenced to peer-reviewed publications by edu-cational, scientific, governmental, or health organizations; implement an evidence-based approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the in-tended audience; and teach the benefits asso-ciated with self-regulation, success sequenc-ing for poverty prevention, healthy relation-ships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coer-cion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or il-licit drug use without normalizing teen sex-ual activity: Provided further, That no more than 10 percent of the funding for such com-petitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and administrative costs of such programs: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act for embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting em-bryos, through grants and other mecha-nisms, medical and administrative services deemed necessary for such adoptions: Pro- vided further, That such services shall be pro-vided consistent with 42 CFR 59.5(a)(4). STATE RESPONSE TO THE OPIOID ABUSE CRISIS  
ACCOUNT , CURES ACT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described under section 1003(c) of the 21st Century Cures Act, $500,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursu-ant to section 1003(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1003(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the Department solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law. 
OFFICE OF MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For expenses necessary for the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals, $112,381,000, to be transferred in appropriate part from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical In-surance Trust Fund: Provided, That of amounts the Secretary retains for adjudica-tions related to Recovery Audit Contractor (RAC) appeals under section 1893(h)(1)(c) of the Social Security Act, $5,000,000 shall be used as additional funds for the necessary ex-penses of the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals and the Departmental Appeals Board to process RAC-related appeals, and to establish a process to provide educational feedback from such Office and Board to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to reduce the claims overturn rate from the claims that are reviewed by such Office or Board. 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL COORDINATOR FOR  
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  For expenses necessary for the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health in-formation technology, $38,381,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General, including the hire of pas-senger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $80,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00278 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6935 September 6, 2017 
to the Secretary and investigating non-pay-ment of child support cases for which non- payment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, $38,798,000. 
RETIREMENT PAY AND MEDICAL BENEFITS FOR  
COMMISSIONED OFFICERS  For retirement pay and medical benefits of Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for med-ical care of dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. 
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to support activi-ties related to countering potential biologi-cal, nuclear, radiological, chemical, and cy-bersecurity threats to civilian populations, and for other public health emergencies, $959,258,000, of which $520,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for ex-penses necessary to support advanced re-search and development pursuant to section 319L of the PHS Act and other administra-tive expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority: Pro- vided, That funds provided under this head-ing for the purpose of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purpose: Pro- vided further, That products purchased with funds provided under this heading may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $5,000,000 of the amounts made available to support emergency operations shall remain available through September 30, 2020. For expenses necessary for procuring secu-rity countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act), $530,000,000, to remain available until expended. For an additional amount for expenses nec-essary to prepare for or respond to an influ-enza pandemic, $250,000,000, of which $210,000,000 shall be available until expended, for activities including the development and purchase of vaccine, antivirals, necessary medical supplies, diagnostics, and other sur-veillance tools: Provided, That notwith-standing section 496(b) of the PHS Act, funds may be used for the construction or renova-tion of privately owned facilities for the pro-duction of pandemic influenza vaccines and other biologics, if the Secretary finds such construction or renovation necessary to se-cure sufficient supplies of such vaccines or biologics: Provided further, That the limita-tion in section 205 of this Act regarding transfers increasing any appropriation shall apply to transfers to appropriations under this heading by substituting ‘‘10 percent’’ for ‘‘3 percent’’. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 201. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for not to exceed $50,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Secretary. S
EC. 202. None of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other ex-tramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. S
EC. 203. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended pursuant to sec-tion 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds spe-cifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office lo-cated in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate de-tailing the planned uses of such funds. SEC. 204. Notwithstanding section 241(a) of the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.4 per-cent, of any amounts appropriated for pro-grams authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) and the implemen-tation and effectiveness of programs funded in this title. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 205. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the cur-rent fiscal year for HHS in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority grant-ed by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 206. In lieu of the timeframe specified in section 338E(c)(2) of the PHS Act, termi-nations described in such section may occur up to 60 days after the execution of a con-tract awarded in fiscal year 2018 under sec-tion 338B of such Act. S
EC. 207. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be made available to any enti-ty under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Sec-retary that it encourages family participa-tion in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides coun-seling to minors on how to resist attempts to coerce minors into engaging in sexual activi-ties. S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be exempt from any State law requiring notification or the reporting of child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, rape, or incest. S
EC. 209. None of the funds appropriated by this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Sec-retary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided, That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actu-arially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity’s en-rollees): Provided further, That nothing in this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program’s coverage for such serv-ices and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain in-formation about all Medicare covered serv-ices. S
EC. 210. None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. S
EC. 211. The Secretary shall make avail-able through assignment not more than 60 employees of the Public Health Service to assist in child survival activities and to work in AIDS programs through and with funds provided by the Agency for Inter-national Development, the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund or the World Health Organization. SEC. 212. In order for HHS to carry out international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2018: (1) The Secretary may exercise authority equivalent to that available to the Secretary of State in section 2(c) of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956. The Sec-retary shall consult with the Secretary of State and relevant Chief of Mission to ensure that the authority provided in this section is exercised in a manner consistent with sec-tion 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 and other applicable statutes administered by the Department of State. (2) The Secretary is authorized to provide such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alter-ation, renovation, and management of facili-ties outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall co-operate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facili-ties that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facili-ties requirements and serve the purposes es-tablished by this Act. The Secretary is au-thorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agree-ment, to make available to public or non-profit private institutions or agencies in par-ticipating foreign countries, funds to ac-quire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct pro-grams of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. (3) The Secretary is authorized to provide to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further author-ized to provide locality-based comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the locality-based comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such per-sonnel’s official duty station were in the Dis-trict of Columbia. Leaves of absence for per-sonnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under sub-chapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 213. The Director of the NIH, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Re-search, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are noti-fied at least 15 days in advance of any trans-fer. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Of the amounts made available in this Act for NIH, the amount for research re-lated to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Re-search, shall be made available to the ‘‘Of-fice of AIDS Research’’ account. The Direc-tor of the Office of AIDS Research shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00279 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6936 September 6, 2017 
transfer from such account amounts nec-essary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the PHS Act. S
EC. 215. (a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of NIH (‘‘Director’’) may use funds authorized under section 402(b)(12) of the PHS Act to enter into transactions (other than con-tracts, cooperative agreements, or grants) to carry out research identified pursuant to or research and activities described in such sec-tion 402(b)(12). (b) P
EERREVIEW .—In entering into trans-actions under subsection (a), the Director may utilize such peer review procedures (in-cluding consultation with appropriate sci-entific experts) as the Director determines to be appropriate to obtain assessments of scientific and technical merit. Such proce-dures shall apply to such transactions in lieu of the peer review and advisory council re-view procedures that would otherwise be re-quired under sections 301(a)(3), 405(b)(1)(B), 405(b)(2), 406(a)(3)(A), 492, and 494 of the PHS Act. S
EC. 216. Not to exceed $45,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the ac-tivities authorized herein, at not to exceed $3,500,000 per project. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 217. Of the amounts made available for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made avail-able for National Research Service Awards (‘‘NRSA’’) shall be made available to the Ad-ministrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with entities who have received grants or contracts under sec-tions 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Direc-tor of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. S
EC. 218. (a) The Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority (‘‘BARDA’’) may enter into a contract, for more than one but no more than 10 program years, for purchase of research services or of security countermeasures, as that term is defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(1)(B)), if— (1) funds are available and obligated— (A) for the full period of the contract or for the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and (B) for the estimated costs associated with a necessary termination of the contract; and (2) the Secretary determines that a multi- year contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and oper-ation of BARDA’s programs. (b) A contract entered into under this sec-tion— (1) shall include a termination clause as described by subsection (c) of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code; and (2) shall be subject to the congressional no-tice requirement stated in subsection (d) of such section. S
EC. 219. (a) The Secretary shall establish a publicly accessible Web site to provide in-formation regarding the uses of funds made available under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (‘‘ACA’’). (b) With respect to funds provided under section 4002 of the ACA, the Secretary shall include on the Web site established under subsection (a) at a minimum the following information: (1) In the case of each transfer of funds under section 4002(c), a statement indicating the program or activity receiving funds, the operating division or office that will admin-ister the funds, and the planned uses of the funds, to be posted not later than the day after the transfer is made. (2) Identification (along with a link to the full text) of each funding opportunity an-nouncement, request for proposals, or other announcement or solicitation of proposals for grants, cooperative agreements, or con-tracts intended to be awarded using such funds, to be posted not later than the day after the announcement or solicitation is issued. (3) Identification of each grant, coopera-tive agreement, or contract with a value of $25,000 or more awarded using such funds, in-cluding the purpose of the award and the identity of the recipient, to be posted not later than 5 days after the award is made. (4) A report detailing the uses of all funds transferred under section 4002(c) during the fiscal year, to be posted not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year. (c) With respect to awards made in fiscal years 2013 through 2018, the Secretary shall also include on the Web site established under subsection (a), semi-annual reports from each entity awarded a grant, coopera-tive agreement, or contract from such funds with a value of $25,000 or more, summarizing the activities undertaken and identifying any sub-grants or sub-contracts awarded (in-cluding the purpose of the award and the identity of the recipient), to be posted not later than 30 days after the end of each 6- month period. (d) In carrying out this section, the Sec-retary shall— (1) present the information required in sub-section (b)(1) on a single webpage or on a sin-gle database; (2) ensure that all information required in this section is directly accessible from the single webpage or database; and (3) ensure that all information required in this section is able to be organized by pro-gram or State. SEC. 220. (a) The Secretary shall publish in the fiscal year 2019 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information con-cerning the employment of full-time equiva-lent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, admin-istering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amend-ments made by that Act, in the proposed fis-cal year and each fiscal year since the enact-ment of the ACA. (b) With respect to employees or contrac-tors supported by all funds appropriated for purposes of carrying out the ACA (and the amendments made by that Act), the Sec-retary shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information: (1) For each such fiscal year, the section of such Act under which such funds were appro-priated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that ad-ministers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or manda-tory appropriations. (2) For each such fiscal year, the number of full-time equivalent employees or contracted employees assigned to each authorized and funded provision detailed in accordance with paragraph (1). (c) In carrying out this section, the Sec-retary may exclude from the report employ-ees or contractors who— (1) are supported through appropriations enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; (2) spend less than 50 percent of their time on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or (3) work on contracts for which FTE re-porting is not a requirement of their con-tract, such as fixed-price contracts. SEC. 221. The Secretary shall publish, as part of the fiscal year 2019 budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information that details the uses of all funds used by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services specifically for Health Insurance Exchanges for each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA and the proposed uses for such funds for fiscal year 2019. Such information shall include, for each such fiscal year, the amount of funds used for each activity speci-fied under the heading ‘‘Health Insurance Exchange Transparency’’ in the committee report accompanying this Act. S
EC. 222. (a) The Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (1) Detailed monthly enrollment figures from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and (2) Notification of any new or competitive grant awards, including supplements, au-thorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. (b) The Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any pub-lic release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. S
EC. 223. None of the funds made available by this Act from the Federal Hospital Insur-ance Trust Fund or the Federal Supple-mental Medical Insurance Trust Fund, or transferred from other accounts funded by this Act to the ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services—Program Management’’ account, may be used for payments under section 1342(b)(1) of Public Law 111–148 (relat-ing to risk corridors). S
EC. 224. The Secretary shall include in the fiscal year 2019 budget justification an anal-ysis of how section 2713 of the PHS Act will impact eligibility for discretionary HHS pro-grams. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 225. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading ″Prevention and Public Health Fund″ in the committee report ac-companying this Act. (b) Notwithstanding section 4002(c) of the ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. (c) Funds transferred for activities author-ized under section 2821 of the PHS Act shall be made available without reference to sec-tion 2821(b) of such Act. S
EC. 226. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to carry out title X of the PHS Act. S
EC. 227. Effective during the period begin-ning on November 1, 2015 and ending January 1, 2020, any provision of law that refers (in-cluding through cross-reference to another provision of law) to the current rec-ommendations of the United States Preven-tive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention shall be administered by the Sec-retary involved as if— (1) such reference to such current rec-ommendations were a reference to the rec-ommendations of such Task Force with re-spect to breast cancer screening, mammog-raphy, and prevention last issued before 2009; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00280 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6937 September 6, 2017 
(2) such recommendations last issued be-fore 2009 applied to any screening mammog-raphy modality under section 1861(jj) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(jj)). S
EC. 228. In making Federal financial as-sistance, the NIH shall continue to apply the provisions relating to indirect costs in part 75 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, including with respect to the approval of de-viations from negotiated rates, to the same extent and in the same manner as the NIH applied such provisions in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be used by the NIH to develop or implement a modified approach to such provisions, or to intentionally or substantially expand the fiscal effect of the approval of such deviations from negotiated rates beyond the proportional effect of such approvals in such quarter. S
EC. 229. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to implement, further, enforce, or advance the Navigators program as provided under section 1311(i) of Public Law 111–148 and title I and subtitle B of title II of Public Law 111–152. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services Appropria-tions Act, 2018’’. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION E
DUCATION FOR THE DISADVANTAGED  For carrying out title I and subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ESEA’’) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HEA’’), $15,953,790,000, of which $5,035,990,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That $6,459,401,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) on October 1, 2017, to obtain annually updated local educational agency-level census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That $1,362,301,000 shall be for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Pro- vided further, That $3,819,050,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $3,819,050,000 shall be for education finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Pro- vided further, That $27,000,000 shall be for car-rying out subpart 2 of part B of title II: Pro- vided further, That $44,623,000 shall be for car-rying out section 418A of the HEA. I
MPACT AID For carrying out programs of financial as-sistance to federally affected schools author-ized by title VII of the ESEA, $1,333,603,000, of which $1,194,233,000 shall be for basic sup-port payments under section 7003(b), $48,316,000 shall be for payments for children with disabilities under section 7003(d), $17,406,000, to remain available for obligation through September 30, 2019, shall be for con-struction under section 7007(b), $68,813,000 shall be for Federal property payments under section 7002, and $4,835,000, to remain avail-able until expended, shall be for facilities maintenance under section 7008: Provided, That for purposes of computing the amount of a payment for an eligible local edu-cational agency under section 7003(a) for school year 2017–2018, children enrolled in a school of such agency that would otherwise be eligible for payment under section 7003(a)(1)(B) of such Act, but due to the de-ployment of both parents or legal guardians, or a parent or legal guardian having sole cus-tody of such children, or due to the death of a military parent or legal guardian while on active duty (so long as such children reside on Federal property as described in section 7003(a)(1)(B)), are no longer eligible under such section, shall be considered as eligible students under such section, provided such students remain in average daily attendance at a school in the same local educational agency they attended prior to their change in eligibility status. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS  For carrying out school improvement ac-tivities authorized by part B of title I, sub-part 1 of part A of title IV, part B of title IV, part B of title V, and parts B and C of title VI of the ESEA; the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act; section 203 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; the Compact of Free Association Amend-ments Act of 2003; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $2,261,072,000, of which $2,121,940,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That $369,100,000 shall be for part B of title I: Pro- vided further, That $1,000,000,000 shall be for part B of title IV: Provided further, That $33,397,000 shall be for part B of title VI and may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any elementary school, secondary school, or structure related to an elementary school or secondary school, run by the Department of Education of the State of Hawaii, that serves a predominantly Na-tive Hawaiian student body: Provided further, That $32,453,000 shall be for part C of title VI and shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and also may be used for construction: Pro- vided further, That $50,000,000 shall be avail-able to carry out section 203 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 and the Secretary shall make such arrangements as determined to be necessary to ensure that the Bureau of Indian Education has access to services provided under this section: Provided further, That $16,699,000 shall be available to carry out the Supplemental Education Grants program for the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Provided further, That the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent of the amount referred to in the previous proviso to provide technical assistance in the implementation of these grants: Provided further, That $175,840,000 shall be for part B of title V: Pro- vided further, That $500,000,000 shall be avail-able for grants under subpart 1 of part A of title IV. I
NDIAN EDUCATION  For expenses necessary to carry out, to the extent not otherwise provided, title VI, part A of the ESEA, $164,939,000, of which $57,993,000 shall be for subpart 2 of part A of title VI and $6,565,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part A of title VI. I
NNOVATION AND IMPROVEMENT  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II, and parts C and D and subpart 4 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $747,904,000. S
AFESCHOOLS AND CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 2 and 3 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $138,000,000: Provided, That $68,000,000 shall be available for section 4631, of which up to $5,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (‘‘Project SERV’’) program: Provided further, That $10,000,000 shall be available for section 4625: Provided further, That $60,000,000 shall be available through December 31, 2018, for sec-tion 4624: Provided further, That section 4623(b) of the ESEA shall apply to funds ap-propriated for Promise Neighborhoods under this heading in prior appropriations acts. ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION  For carrying out part A of title III of the ESEA, $737,400,000, which shall become avail-able on July 1, 2018, and shall remain avail-able through September 30, 2019, except that 6.5 percent of such amount shall be available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, to carry out ac-tivities under section 3111(c)(1)(C). S
PECIAL EDUCATION  For carrying out the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (IDEA) $13,251,691,000, of which $1,864,818,000 shall be-come available on July 1, 2018, and shall re-main available through September 30, 2019, and of which $11,164,824,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That the amount for section 611(b)(2) of the IDEA shall be equal to the lesser of the amount available for that activity during fiscal year 2016, increased by the amount of inflation as specified in section 619(d)(2)(B) of the IDEA, or the percent change in the funds appro-priated under section 611(i) of the IDEA, but not less than the amount for that activity during fiscal year 2016: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, without regard to sec-tion 611(d) of the IDEA, distribute to all other States (as that term is defined in sec-tion 611(g)(2)), subject to the third proviso, any amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611, from funds appropriated under this heading, is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B), according to the following: 85 percent on the basis of the States’ relative populations of children aged 3 through 21 who are of the same age as children with dis-abilities for whom the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public edu-cation under this part, and 15 percent to States on the basis of the States’ relative populations of those children who are living in poverty: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may not distribute any funds under the previous proviso to any State whose re-duction in allocation from funds appro-priated under this heading made funds avail-able for such a distribution: Provided further, That the States shall allocate such funds dis-tributed under the second proviso to local educational agencies in accordance with sec-tion 611(f): Provided further, That the amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) of the IDEA is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B) and the amounts distributed to States under the previous provisos in fiscal year 2012 or any subsequent year shall not be considered in calculating the awards under section 611(d) for fiscal year 2013 or for any subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the provision in sec-tion 612(a)(18)(B) regarding the fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) is reduced for failure to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A), the Secretary may apply the reduction specified in section 612(a)(18)(B) over a period of con-secutive fiscal years, not to exceed five, until the entire reduction is applied: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may, in any fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611 is reduced in accordance with section 612(a)(18)(B), reduce the amount a State may reserve under section 611(e)(1) by an amount that bears the same relation to the maximum amount described in that paragraph as the reduction under section 612(a)(18)(B) bears to the total allocation the State would have received in that fiscal year under section 611(d) in the absence of the re-duction: Provided further, That the Secretary shall either reduce the allocation of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00281 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6938 September 6, 2017 
under section 611 for any fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year for which the State fails to comply with the requirement of sec-tion 612(a)(18)(A) as authorized by section 612(a)(18)(B), or seek to recover funds under section 452 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234a): Provided further, That the funds reserved under 611(c) of the IDEA may be used to provide technical as-sistance to States to improve the capacity of the States to meet the data collection re-quirements of sections 616 and 618 and to ad-minister and carry out other services and ac-tivities to improve data collection, coordina-tion, quality, and use under parts B and C of the IDEA: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may use funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants pro-gram under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart. R
EHABILITATION SERVICES  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $3,562,582,000, of which $3,452,931,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation serv-ices under title I of the Rehabilitation Act: Provided, That the Secretary may use amounts provided in this Act that remain available subsequent to the reallotment of funds to States pursuant to section 110(b) of the Rehabilitation Act for innovative activi-ties aimed at improving the outcomes of in-dividuals with disabilities as defined in sec-tion 7(20)(B) of the Rehabilitation Act, in-cluding activities aimed at improving the education and post-school outcomes of chil-dren receiving Supplemental Security In-come (‘‘SSI’’) and their families that may re-sult in long-term improvement in the SSI child recipient’s economic status and self- sufficiency: Provided further, That States may award subgrants for a portion of the funds to other public and private, nonprofit entities: Provided further, That any funds made available subsequent to reallotment for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities shall remain available until September 30, 2019. S
PECIAL INSTITUTIONS FOR PERSONS WITH D
ISABILITIES  
AMERICAN PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND  For carrying out the Act to promote the Education of the Blind of March 3, 1879, $26,431,000. 
NATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF  For the National Technical Institute for the Deaf under titles I and II of the Edu-cation of the Deaf Act of 1986, $70,016,000: Pro- vided, That from the total amount available, the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. 
GALLAUDET UNIVERSITY  For the Kendall Demonstration Elemen-tary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gal-laudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $128,000,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment pro-gram as authorized under section 207 of such Act. C
AREER , TECHNICAL , ANDADULT EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (‘‘AEFLA’’), $1,720,686,000, of which $929,686,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the amounts made available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership activities under section 242. STUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  For carrying out subparts 1, 3, and 10 of part A, and part C of title IV of the HEA, $24,198,210,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2019. The maximum Pell Grant for which a stu-dent shall be eligible during award year 2018– 2019 shall be $4,860. S
TUDENT AIDADMINISTRATION  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 3, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, C, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,697,711,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019. H
IGHER EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, titles III, IV, V, VI, and VII of the HEA, and section 117 of the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, $2,038,126,000: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act to carry out title VI of the HEA may be used to support visits and study in foreign countries by individuals who are participating in advanced foreign language training and international studies in areas that are vital to United States na-tional security and who plan to apply their language skills and knowledge of these coun-tries in the fields of government, the profes-sions, or international development: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the preceding proviso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national out-reach, and information dissemination activi-ties: Provided further, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation. H
OWARD UNIVERSITY  For partial support of Howard University, $221,821,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 shall be for a matching endowment grant pursuant to the Howard University Endow-ment Act and shall remain available until expended. C
OLLEGE HOUSING AND ACADEMIC FACILITIES  L
OANS PROGRAM  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out activities related to existing facil-ity loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $434,000. H
ISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND UNIVER -
SITY CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, $20,112,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $313,513,000: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support loans to public and private Historically Black Col-leges and Universities without regard to the limitations within section 344(a) of the HEA. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program en-tered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $333,000. I
NSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES  For carrying out activities authorized by the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $605,267,000, which shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That funds avail-able to carry out section 208 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act may be used to link Statewide elementary and sec-ondary data systems with early childhood, postsecondary, and workforce data systems, or to further develop such systems: Provided further, That up to $6,000,000 of the funds available to carry out section 208 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act may be used for awards to public or private organi-zations or agencies to support activities to improve data coordination, quality, and use at the local, State, and national levels. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of con-ference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $431,000,000. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $108,500,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organiza-tion Act, $59,256,000. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used for the transportation of stu-dents or teachers (or for the purchase of equipment for such transportation) in order to overcome racial imbalance in any school or school system, or for the transportation of students or teachers (or for the purchase of equipment for such transportation) in order to carry out a plan of racial desegrega-tion of any school or school system. S
EC. 302. None of the funds contained in this Act shall be used to require, directly or indirectly, the transportation of any student to a school other than the school which is nearest the student’s home, except for a stu-dent requiring special education, to the school offering such special education, in order to comply with title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. For the purpose of this section an indirect requirement of transpor-tation of students includes the transpor-tation of students to carry out a plan involv-ing the reorganization of the grade structure of schools, the pairing of schools, or the clus-tering of schools, or any combination of grade restructuring, pairing, or clustering. The prohibition described in this section does not include the establishment of mag-net schools. S
EC. 303. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and medita-tion in the public schools. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 304. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the De-partment of Education in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority grant-ed by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00282 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6939 September 6, 2017 
this Act: Provided further, That the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 305. Section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Com-pact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(ix)) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘2018’’ for ‘‘2017’’. S
EC. 306. Funds appropriated in this Act and consolidated for evaluation purposes under section 8601(c) of the ESEA shall be available from July 1, 2018, through Sep-tember 30, 2019. S
EC. 307. (a) An institution of higher edu-cation that maintains an endowment fund supported with funds appropriated for title III or V of the HEA for fiscal year 2018 may use the income from that fund to award scholarships to students, subject to the limi-tation in section 331(c)(3)(B)(i) of the HEA. The use of such income for such purposes, prior to the enactment of this Act, shall be considered to have been an allowable use of that income, subject to that limitation. (b) Subsection (a) shall be in effect until ti-tles III and V of the HEA are reauthorized. S
EC. 308. Section 114(f) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. S
EC. 309. Section 458(a) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)) is amended in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 310. Of the unobligated balances avail-able from Public Law 114–113 under the head-ing ‘‘Student Financial Assistance’’ for car-rying out subpart 1 of part A of title IV of the HEA, $3,270,844,000 are hereby rescinded. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Education Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES C
OMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROMPEOPLE WHO A
REBLIND OR SEVERELY DISABLED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $8,000,000: Provided, That in order to authorize any cen-tral nonprofit agency designated pursuant to section 8503(c) of title 41, United States Code, to perform contract requirements of the Committee as prescribed under section 51–3.2 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, the Committee shall enter into a written agree-ment with any such central nonprofit agen-cy: Provided further, That such agreement shall contain such auditing, oversight, and reporting provisions as necessary to imple-ment chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further, That such agreement shall include the elements listed under this heading in the explanatory statement ac-companying Public Law 114–113: Provided fur-ther, That any such central nonprofit agency may not charge a fee under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, unless such fee is under the terms of the written agreement between the Committee and any such central nonprofit agency: Provided fur-ther, That no less than $1,250,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General to remain available through September 30, 2019. C
ORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  S
ERVICE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Corporation for National and Community Service (re-ferred to in this title as ‘‘CNCS’’) to carry out the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1973 Act’’) and the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1990 Act’’), $736,029,000, notwithstanding sections 198B(b)(3), 198S(g), 501(a)(4)(C), and 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading: (1) up to 1 percent of program grant funds may be used to defray the costs of conducting grant application reviews, including the use of outside peer reviewers and electronic management of the grants cycle; (2) $16,538,000 shall be available to provide as-sistance to State commissions on national and community service, under section 126(a) of the 1990 Act and notwithstanding section 501(a)(5)(B) of the 1990 Act; (3) $30,000,000 shall be available to carry out subtitle E of the 1990 Act; and (4) $3,800,000 shall be avail-able for expenses authorized under section 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act, which, notwith-standing the provisions of section 198P shall be awarded by CNCS on a competitive basis: Provided further, That for the purposes of car-rying out the 1990 Act, satisfying the re-quirements in section 122(c)(1)(D) may in-clude a determination of need by the local community. PAYMENT TO THE NATIONAL SERVICE TRUST  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the National Service Trust established under subtitle D of title I of the 1990 Act, $206,842,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That CNCS may transfer additional funds from the amount provided within ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ allo-cated to grants under subtitle C of title I of the 1990 Act to the National Service Trust upon determination that such transfer is necessary to support the activities of na-tional service participants and after notice is transmitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That amounts appropriated for or transferred to the National Service Trust may be invested under section 145(b) of the 1990 Act without regard to the requirement to apportion funds under 31 U.S.C. 1513(b). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administration as provided under section 501(a)(5) of the 1990 Act and under section 504(a) of the 1973 Act, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, the employment of experts and consultants authorized under 5 U.S.C. 3109, and not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $81,737,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, $5,750,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. CNCS shall make any significant changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2018, during any grant selection process, an officer or employee of CNCS shall not know-ingly disclose any covered grant selection in-formation regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an of-ficer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. S
EC. 402. AmeriCorps programs receiving grants under the National Service Trust pro-gram shall meet an overall minimum share requirement of 24 percent for the first 3 years that they receive AmeriCorps funding, and thereafter shall meet the overall min-imum share requirement as provided in sec-tion 2521.60 of title 45, Code of Federal Regu-lations, without regard to the operating costs match requirement in section 121(e) or the member support Federal share limita-tions in section 140 of the 1990 Act, and sub-ject to partial waiver consistent with section 2521.70 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions. SEC. 403. Donations made to CNCS under section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under ti-tles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current pro-grams and operations. S
EC. 404. In addition to the requirements in section 146(a) of the 1990 Act, use of an edu-cational award for the purpose described in section 148(a)(4) shall be limited to individ-uals who are veterans as defined under sec-tion 101 of the Act. S
EC. 405. For the purpose of carrying out section 189D of the 1990 Act— (1) entities described in paragraph (a) of such section shall be considered ‘‘qualified entities’’ under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 (‘‘NCPA’’); (2) individuals described in such section shall be considered ‘‘volunteers’’ under sec-tion 3 of NCPA; and (3) State Commissions on National and Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544. C
ORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  For payment to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (‘‘CPB’’), as authorized by the Communications Act of 1934, an amount which shall be available within limitations specified by that Act, for the fiscal year 2020, $445,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to pay for receptions, parties, or similar forms of entertainment for Government offi-cials or employees: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be available or used to aid or support any program or activity from which any person is excluded, or is denied benefits, or is discriminated against, on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to apply any political test or qualification in selecting, appointing, promoting, or taking any other personnel action with respect to officers, agents, and employees of CPB: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to support the Television Future Fund or any similar purpose. F
EDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION  S
ERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Me-diation and Conciliation Service (‘‘Service’’) to carry out the functions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the Labor-Manage-ment Cooperation Act of 1978; and for ex-penses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Serv-ice Reform Act, $46,650,000, including up to $900,000 to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019, for activities authorized by the Labor-Management Cooperation Act of 1978: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, fees charged, up to full-cost re-covery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and tech-nical assistance, including those provided to foreign governments and international orga-nizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees for arbitration services shall be available only for edu-cation, training, and professional develop-ment of the agency workforce: Provided fur-ther, That the Director of the Service is au-thorized to accept and use on behalf of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00283 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6940 September 6, 2017 
United States gifts of services and real, per-sonal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director’s jurisdiction. F
EDERAL MINESAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, $17,134,000. I
NSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES  
OFFICE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES : 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 and the National Mu-seum of African American History and Cul-ture Act, $231,000,000. M
EDICAID AND CHIPPAYMENT AND ACCESS  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 1900 of the Social Security Act, $7,500,000. M
EDICARE PAYMENT ADVISORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 1805 of the Social Security Act, $12,175,000, to be transferred to this appro-priation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. N
ATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,200,000. N
ATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Labor Relations Board to carry out the func-tions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, and other laws, $249,000,000: Provided, That no part of this ap-propriation shall be available to organize or assist in organizing agricultural laborers or used in connection with investigations, hear-ings, directives, or orders concerning bar-gaining units composed of agricultural la-borers as referred to in section 2(3) of the Act of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the Labor- Management Relations Act, 1947, and as de-fined in section 3(f) of the Act of June 25, 1938, and including in said definition employ-ees engaged in the maintenance and oper-ation of ditches, canals, reservoirs, and wa-terways when maintained or operated on a mutual, nonprofit basis and at least 95 per-cent of the water stored or supplied thereby is used for farming purposes. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 406. None of the funds provided by this Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative di-rective or regulation that would provide em-ployees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collec-tive bargaining. S
EC. 407. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to enforce the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 152) against any Indian Tribe, including any en-terprise or institution owned and operated by an Indian Tribe and located on its Indian lands. (b) For purposes of this section— (1) the term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ means any In-dian Tribe, band, nation, pueblo, Native Alaskan group, or other organized group or community which is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services pro-vided by the United States to Indians be-cause of their status as Indians; (2) the term ‘‘Indian’’ means any individual who is a member of an Indian Tribe; and (3) the term ‘‘Indian lands’’’ means— (A) all lands within the limits of any In-dian reservation; (B) any lands title to which is either held in trust by the United States for the benefit of any Indian Tribe or individual or held by any Indian Tribe or individual subject to re-striction by the United States against alien-ation; and (C) any lands in the State of Oklahoma that are within the boundaries of a former reservation (as defined by the Secretary of the Interior) of a federally recognized Indian Tribe. SEC. 408. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to issue, enforce, or litigate any administrative directive, regula-tion, representation issue, or unfair labor practice proceeding, or any other adminis-trative complaint, charge, claim, or pro-ceeding based on the standard for deter-mining whether entities are ‘‘joint employ-ers’’ set forth by the National Labor Rela-tions Board in Browning-Ferris Industries of California, Inc., 362 NLRB No. 186 (August 27, 2015). S
EC. 409. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) implement, create, apply, or enforce through prosecution, adjudication, rule-making, or the issuing of any interpretation, opinion, certification, decision, or policy, any standard for initial bargaining unit de-terminations that conflicts with the stand-ard articulated in the majority opinion in Wheeling Island Gaming Inc. and United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, Local 23, 355 NLRB 127 (August 27, 2010) (including the majority opinion in foot-note 2), except for unit determinations gov-erned by section 103.30 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, for employers covered by such section; or (2) implement, create, apply, or enforce through prosecution, adjudication, rule-making, or the issuing of any interpretation, opinion, certification, decision, or policy, any standard for initial bargaining unit de-terminations that utilize the overwhelming community of interest test except in accre-tion cases. N
ATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, includ-ing emergency boards appointed by the President, $13,500,000. O
CCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, $12,875,000. R
AILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD  
DUAL BENEFITS PAYMENTS ACCOUNT  For payment to the Dual Benefits Pay-ments Account, authorized under section 15(d) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974, $22,000,000, which shall include amounts be-coming available in fiscal year 2018 pursuant to section 224(c)(1)(B) of Public Law 98–76; and in addition, an amount, not to exceed 2 percent of the amount provided herein, shall be available proportional to the amount by which the product of recipients and the aver-age benefit received exceeds the amount available for payment of vested dual bene-fits: Provided, That the total amount pro-vided herein shall be credited in 12 approxi-mately equal amounts on the first day of each month in the fiscal year. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO THE RAILROAD  
RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS  For payment to the accounts established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for inter-est earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98–76. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for the Railroad Retirement Board (‘‘Board’’) for administra-tion of the Railroad Retirement Act and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, $113,500,000, to be derived in such amounts as determined by the Board from the railroad retirement accounts and from moneys cred-ited to the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund: Provided, That notwith-standing section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Re-tirement Act this limitation may be used to hire attorneys only through the excepted service: Provided further, That the previous proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013. 
LIMITATION ON THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR  
GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the In-spector General Act of 1978, not more than $10,000,000, to be derived from the railroad re-tirement accounts and railroad unemploy-ment insurance account. S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
PAYMENTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as pro-vided under sections 201(m) and 1131(b)(2) of the Social Security Act, $11,400,000. 
SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME PROGRAM  For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the Social Security Act, section 401 of Public Law 92–603, section 212 of Public Law 93–66, as amended, and section 405 of Public Law 95–216, including payment to the Social Secu-rity trust funds for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, $38,591,635,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not more than $101,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020. For making, after June 15 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the cur-rent fiscal year, such sums as may be nec-essary. For making benefit payments under title XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $19,500,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including the hire of two passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $20,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, not more than $12,273,945,000 may be expended, as author-ized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Secu-rity Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section: Provided, That not less than $2,300,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided further, That unobligated balances of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00284 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6941 September 6, 2017 
provided under this paragraph at the end of fiscal year 2018 not needed for fiscal year 2018 shall remain available until expended to in-vest in the Social Security Administration information technology and telecommuni-cations hardware and software infrastruc-ture, including related equipment and non- payroll administrative expenses associated solely with this information technology and telecommunications infrastructure: Provided further, That the Commissioner of Social Se-curity shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to making unobligated balances available under the authority in the previous proviso: Provided further, That reim- bursement to the trust funds under this heading for expenditures for official time for employees of the Social Security Adminis-tration pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7131, and for fa-cilities or support services for labor organi-zations pursuant to policies, regulations, or procedures referred to in section 7135(b) of such title shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, with interest, from amounts in the general fund not otherwise appropriated, as soon as possible after such expenditures are made. Of the total amount made available under this heading, not more than $1,735,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2019, is for the costs associated with continuing dis-ability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act, including work-related continuing disability reviews to determine whether earnings derived from services dem-onstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful activity, for the cost as-sociated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the cost of co-operative dis-ability investigation units, and for the cost associated with the prosecution of fraud in the programs and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assist-ant United States Attorneys: Provided, That, of such amount, $273,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(B)(ii)(III) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $1,462,000,000 is additional new budget au-thority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That the Commissioner shall provide to the Congress (at the conclusion of the fiscal year) a report on the obligation and expendi-ture of these funds, similar to the reports that were required by section 103(d)(2) of Public Law 104–121 for fiscal years 1996 through 2002. In addition, $118,000,000 to be derived from administration fees in excess of $5.00 per sup-plementary payment collected pursuant to section 1616(d) of the Social Security Act or section 212(b)(3) of Public Law 93–66, which shall remain available until expended. To the extent that the amounts collected pursu-ant to such sections in fiscal year 2018 exceed $118,000,000, the amounts shall be available in fiscal year 2019 only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. In addition, up to $1,000,000 to be derived from fees collected pursuant to section 303(c) of the Social Security Protection Act, which shall remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $30,000,000, together with not to exceed $75,500,000, to be transferred and expended as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund. In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 per-cent of the total provided in this appropria-tion may be transferred from the ‘‘Limita-tion on Administrative Expenses’’, Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate at least 15 days in ad-vance of any transfer. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are au-thorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts cor-responding to current appropriations pro-vided in this Act. Such transferred balances shall be used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. S
EC. 502. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships, for pub-licity or propaganda purposes, for the prepa-ration, distribution, or use of any kit, pam-phlet, booklet, publication, electronic com-munication, radio, television, or video pres-entation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legisla-tive body, except in presentation to the Con-gress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any pro-posed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, ex-cept in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, ap-propriations, regulation, administrative ac-tion, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State govern-ment, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative rela-tionships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative proc-esses within the executive branch of that government. (c) The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall include any activity to advocate or promote any proposed, pending or future Federal, State or local tax increase, or any proposed, pending, or future requirement or restriction on any legal consumer product, including its sale or marketing, including but not limited to the advocacy or pro-motion of gun control. S
EC. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Edu-cation are authorized to make available not to exceed $28,000 and $20,000, respectively, from funds available for salaries and ex-penses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation ex-penses; the Director of the Federal Medi-ation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from the funds available for ‘‘Federal Medi-ation and Conciliation Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and represen-tation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from funds available for ‘‘National Mediation Board, Salaries and Expenses’’. SEC. 505. When issuing statements, press releases, requests for proposals, bid solicita-tions and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees re-ceiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal re-search grants, shall clearly state— (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) percentage and dollar amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed by non-governmental sources. S
EC. 506. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits cov-erage that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The term ‘‘health benefits coverage’’ means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pur-suant to a contract or other arrangement. S
EC. 507. (a) The limitations established in the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. (b) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Med-icaid matching funds). (c) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abor-tion coverage or the ability of a State or lo-cality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribu-tion of Medicaid matching funds). (d)(1) None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or gov-ernment subjects any institutional or indi-vidual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. (2) In this subsection, the term ‘‘health care entity’’ includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a provider-sponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insur-ance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for— (1) the creation of a human embryo or em-bryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or know-ingly subjected to risk of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and section 498(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 289g(b)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00285 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6942 September 6, 2017 
(b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘human embryo or embryos’’ includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, that is derived by fertiliza-tion, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. S
EC. 509. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for any activity that promotes the legalization of any drug or other substance included in schedule I of the schedules of controlled substances estab-lished under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act except for normal and recog-nized executive-congressional communica-tions. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advan-tage. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual’s capacity as an em-ployer or a health care provider), until legis-lation is enacted specifically approving the standard. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— (1) such entity is otherwise a contractor with the United States and is subject to the requirement in 38 U.S.C. 4212(d) regarding submission of an annual report to the Sec-retary of Labor concerning employment of certain veterans; and (2) such entity has not submitted a report as required by that section for the most re-cent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tion Act. S
EC. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Library Services and Technology Act may be made available to any library covered by paragraph (1) of section 224(f) of such Act, as amended by the Children’s Internet Protection Act, unless such library has made the certifications re-quired by paragraph (4) of such section. S
EC. 514. (a) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obliga-tion or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collec-tion of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices; (6) reorganizes programs or activities; or (7) contracts out or privatizes any func-tions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such re-programming or of an announcement of in-tent relating to such reprogramming, which-ever occurs earlier, and are notified in writ-ing 10 days in advance of such reprogram-ming. (b) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropria-tions Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or ex-penditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects (including construction projects), or activi-ties; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as ap-proved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such re-programming or of an announcement of in-tent relating to such reprogramming, which-ever occurs earlier, and are notified in writ-ing 10 days in advance of such reprogram-ming. SEC. 515. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to request that a candidate for appointment to a Federal sci-entific advisory committee disclose the po-litical affiliation or voting history of the candidate or the position that the candidate holds with respect to political issues not di-rectly related to and necessary for the work of the committee involved. (b) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to disseminate infor-mation that is deliberately false or mis-leading. S
EC. 516. Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, each department and related agen-cy funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allo-cations for fiscal year 2018 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accom-panying detailed table in the committee re-port accompanying this Act, or the fiscal year 2018 budget request. S
EC. 517. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate a report on the num-ber and amount of contracts, grants, and co-operative agreements exceeding $500,000 in value and awarded by the Department on a non-competitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2018, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, includ-ing a justification for issuing the award on a non-competitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. S
EC. 518. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended or obligated by the Commissioner of Social Security, for purposes of administering Social Security benefit payments under title II of the Social Security Act, to process any claim for credit for a quarter of coverage based on work per-formed under a social security account num-ber that is not the claimant’s number and the performance of such work under such number has formed the basis for a conviction of the claimant of a violation of section 208(a)(6) or (7) of the Social Security Act. SEC. 519. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Ad-ministration to pay the compensation of em-ployees of the Social Security Administra-tion to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing total-ization arrangements between the social se-curity system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. S
EC. 520. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, no funds appropriated in this Act shall be used to purchase sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injec-tion of any illegal drug: Provided, That such limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdic-tion, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injec-tion drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law. S
EC. 521. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 522. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act, or any prior Ap-propriations Act, may be provided to the As-sociation of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), or any of its affili-ates, subsidiaries, allied organizations, or successors. S
EC. 523. For purposes of carrying out Ex-ecutive Order 13589, Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012, and requirements contained in the annual appropriations bills relating to con-ference attendance and expenditures: (1) the operating divisions of HHS shall be considered independent agencies; and (2) attendance at and support for scientific conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. S
EC. 524. Federal agencies funded under this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or edu-cational purposes, including emails or Inter-net postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and dissemi-nated at U.S. taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the pro-grams and activities of the agency. S
EC. 525. (a) Federal agencies may use Fed-eral discretionary funds that are made avail-able in this Act to carry out up to 10 Per-formance Partnership Pilots. Such Pilots shall be governed by the provisions of sec-tion 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, except that in carrying out such Pilots sec-tion 526 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘F
ISCAL YEAR2018’’ for ‘‘F ISCAL YEAR2014’’ in the title of subsection (b) and by sub-stituting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ each place it appears: Pro- vided, That such pilots shall include commu-nities that have experienced civil unrest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00286 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6943 September 6, 2017 
(b) In addition, Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to participate in Per-formance Partnership Pilots that are being carried out pursuant to the authority pro-vided by section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, and section 525 of division H of Public Law 114–113. (c) Pilot sites selected under authorities in this Act and prior appropriations Acts may be granted by relevant agencies up to an ad-ditional 5 years to operate under such au-thorities. S
EC. 526. Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, the De-partments of Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobli-gated and uncommitted, committed, and ob-ligated but unexpended, the quarterly re-ports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appro-priation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent feasible, earlier fiscal years) from which balances were derived. S
EC. 527. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, enforce, or further any provision of Public Law 111–148 or title I or subtitle B of title II of Public Law 111–152 and the amend-ment made by such provision: Provided, That funds in this Act may be used to implement, administer, enforce, or further the rate set-ting process for calendar year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 for Medicare under title XVIII of the Social Security Act: Provided further, That funds in this Act may be used to imple-ment, administer, enforce, or further the final rules for the provisions of (and amend-ments made by) sections 2501(c), 2501(d), and 2503 of Public Law 111–148, as amended by sections 1206(a) and 1101(c) of Public Law 111– 152, insofar as each respective rule relates to calendar year 2018. S
EC. 528. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct or sup-port research using human fetal tissue if such tissue is obtained pursuant to an in-duced abortion. S
EC. 529 (a) IN GENERAL.—Notwith-standing any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be made available either directly, through a State (including through managed care con-tracts with a State), or through any other means, to a prohibited entity. (b) PROHIBITED ENTITY.—The term ‘‘prohibited entity’’ means an entity, includ-ing its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics— (1) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; (B) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (C) performs, or provides any funds to any other entity that performs abortions, other than an abortion performed— (i) in the case of a pregnancy that is the re-sult of an act of rape or incest; or (ii) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life endangering physical condition caused by, or arising from, the pregnancy itself; and (2) for which the total amount of Federal grants to such entity, including grants to any affiliates, subsidiaries, or clinics of such entity, under title X of the Public Health Service Act in fiscal year 2016 exceeded $23,000,000. (c)(1) END OF PROHIBITION.—The defini-tion in subsection (b) shall cease to apply to an entity if such entity certifies that it, in-cluding its affiliates, subsidiaries, succes-sors, and clinics, will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion as described in subsection (b)(1)(C). (2) REPAYMENT.—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall seek repay-ment of any Federal assistance received by any entity that had made a certification de-scribed in paragraph (1) and subsequently violated the terms of such certification. (RESCISSION)  S
EC. 530. Of the unobligated balances in the ‘‘Nonrecurring expenses fund’’ established in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110– 161 $560,000,000 is rescinded. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 531. Of the funds made available for fiscal year 2018 under section 3403 of Public Law 111–148, $15,000,000 are rescinded. S
EC. 532. Amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, shall not be available for obliga-tion in this fiscal year. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 533. Of the unobligated balances of amounts appropriated under section 1101(g) of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 18001(g)), $323,000,000 is rescinded. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 534. Of the funds made available for purposes of carrying out section 2105(a)(3) of the Social Security Act, $88,613,000 are here-by rescinded. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 535. Of any available amounts appro-priated under section 301(b)(3) of Public Law 114–10, $3,945,905,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 536. (a) This section may be cited as the ‘‘Conscience Protection Act of 2017’’. (b) Congress finds as follows: (1) Thomas Jefferson stated a conviction common to our Nation’s founders when he declared in 1809 that ‘‘[n]o provision in our Constitution ought to be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprises of the civil author-ity’’. (2) In 1973, the Supreme Court concluded that the government must leave the abortion decision ‘‘to the medical judgment of the pregnant woman’s attending physician’’, rec-ognizing that a physician may choose not to participate in abortion. Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113, 164 (1973). The Court cited with approval a policy that ‘‘neither physician, hospital, nor hospital personnel shall be required to perform any act violative of personally-held moral principles’’, 410 U.S. at 143 n. 38, and cited State laws upholding this principle. Doe v. Bolton, 410 U.S. 179, 197–8 (1973). (3) Congress’s enactments to protect this right of conscience in health care include the Church amendment of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 300a–7), the Coats/Snowe amendment of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 238n), and the Weldon amendment ap-proved by Congresses and Presidents of both parties every year since 2004. (4) None of these laws explicitly provides a ‘‘private right of action’’ so victims of dis-crimination can defend their conscience rights in court, and administrative enforce-ment by the Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights has been lax, at times allowing cases to languish for years without resolution. (5) Defying the Federal Weldon amend-ment, California’s Department of Managed Health Care has mandated coverage for all elective abortions in all health plans under its jurisdiction. Other States such as New York and Washington have taken or consid-ered similar action, and some States may go farther to require all physicians and hos-pitals to provide or facilitate abortions. On June 21, 2016, the Obama Administration concluded a nearly two-year investigation of this matter by determining that California’s decision to require insurance plans under the California Department for Managed Health Care authority to cover all legal abortion services did not violate the Weldon amend-ment. Until the new Administration is able to reverse this finding, individuals will have to choose between ignoring their conscience or forgoing health care coverage. (6) The vast majority of medical profes-sionals do not perform abortions, with 86 percent of ob/gyns unwilling to provide them in a recent study (Obstetrics & Gynecology, Sept. 2011) and the great majority of hos-pitals choosing to do so in rare cases or not at all. (7) A health care provider’s decision not to participate in an abortion, like Congress’s decision not to fund most abortions, erects no new barrier to those seeking to perform or undergo abortions but leaves each party free to act as he or she wishes. (8) Such protection poses no conflict with other Federal laws, such as the law requiring emergency stabilizing treatment for a preg-nant woman and her unborn child when ei-ther is in distress (Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act). As the previous Administration has said, these areas of law have operated side by side for many years and both should be fully en-forced (76 Fed. Reg. 9968–77 (2011) at 9973). (9) Reaffirming longstanding Federal pol-icy on conscience rights and providing a right of action in cases where it is violated allows longstanding and widely supported Federal laws to work as intended. (c) Title II of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 202 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 245 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 245A. PROHIBITING GOVERNMENTAL DIS-CRIMINATION AGAINST PROVIDERS OF HEALTH SERVICES THAT ARE NOT INVOLVED IN ABORTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other law, the Federal Government, and any State or local government that receives Fed-eral financial assistance, may not penalize, retaliate against, or otherwise discriminate against a health care provider on the basis that the provider does not— ‘‘(1) perform, refer for, pay for, or other-wise participate in abortion; ‘‘(2) provide or sponsor abortion coverage; or ‘‘(3) facilitate or make arrangements for any of the activities specified in this sub-section. ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed— ‘‘(1) to prevent any health care provider from voluntarily electing to participate in abortions or abortion referrals; ‘‘(2) to prevent any health care provider from voluntarily electing to provide or spon-sor abortion coverage or health benefits cov-erage that includes abortion; ‘‘(3) to prevent an accrediting agency, the Federal Government, or a State or local gov-ernment from establishing standards of med-ical competency applicable only to those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00287 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6944 September 6, 2017 
who have knowingly, voluntarily, and spe-cifically elected to perform abortions, or from enforcing contractual obligations appli-cable only to those who, as part of such con-tract, knowingly, voluntarily, and specifi-cally elect to provide abortions; ‘‘(4) to affect, or be affected by, section 1867 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395dd, commonly referred to as the ‘Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act’); or ‘‘(5) to supersede any law enacted by any State for the purpose of regulating insur-ance, except as specified in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall designate the Director of the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Health and Human Services— ‘‘(1) to receive complaints alleging a viola-tion of this section, section 245 of this Act, or any of subsections (b) through (e) of sec-tion 401 of the Health Programs Extension Act of 1973; and ‘‘(2) to pursue the investigation of such complaints in coordination with the Attor-ney General. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘Federal financial assistance’ means Federal payments to cover the cost of health care services or benefits, or other Federal payments, grants, or loans to promote or otherwise facilitate health-related activities. ‘‘(2) H
EALTH CARE PROVIDER .—The term ‘health care provider’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual physician, nurse, or other health care professional; ‘‘(B) a hospital, health system, or other health care facility or organization (includ-ing a party to a proposed merger or other collaborative arrangement relating to health services, and an entity resulting therefrom); ‘‘(C) a provider-sponsored organization, an accountable care organization, or a health maintenance organization; ‘‘(D) a social services provider that pro-vides or authorizes referrals for health care services; ‘‘(E) a program of training in the health professions or an applicant to or participant in such a program; ‘‘(F) an issuer of health insurance cov-erage; or ‘‘(G) a group health plan or student health plan, or a sponsor or administrator thereof. ‘‘(3) S
TATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT THAT RE -
CEIVES FEDERAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘State or local government that re-ceives Federal financial assistance’ includes every agency and other governmental unit and subdivision of a State or local govern-ment, if such State or local government, or any agency or governmental unit or subdivi-sion thereof, receives Federal financial as-sistance. 
‘‘SEC. 245B. CIVIL ACTION FOR CERTAIN VIOLA-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A qualified party may, in a civil action, obtain appropriate relief with regard to a designated violation. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED PARTY .—The term ‘qualified party’ means— ‘‘(A) the Attorney General of the United States; or ‘‘(B) any person or entity adversely af-fected by the designated violation. ‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATED VIOLATION .—The term ‘designated violation’ means an actual or threatened violation of— ‘‘(A) section 245 or 245A of this Act; or ‘‘(B) any of subsections (b) through (e) of section 401 of the Health Programs Exten-sion Act of 1973 regarding an objection to abortion. ‘‘(c) ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES NOTRE-
QUIRED .—An action under this section may be commenced, and relief may be granted, without regard to whether the party com-mencing the action has sought or exhausted available administrative remedies. ‘‘(d) D
EFENDANTS IN ACTIONS UNDER THIS S
ECTION MAYINCLUDE GOVERNMENTAL ENTI-
TIES AS WELL AS OTHERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An action under this sec-tion may be maintained against, among oth-ers, a party that is a Federal or State gov-ernmental entity. Relief in an action under this section may include money damages even if the defendant is such a governmental entity. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘State governmental entity’ means a State, a local government within a State, and any agency or other gov-ernmental unit or subdivision of a State or of such a local government. ‘‘(e) N
ATURE OF RELIEF .—In an action under this section, the court shall grant— ‘‘(1) all necessary equitable and legal re-lief, including, where appropriate, declara-tory relief and compensatory damages, to prevent the occurrence, continuance, or rep-etition of the designated violation and to compensate for losses resulting from the des-ignated violation; and ‘‘(2) to a prevailing plaintiff, reasonable at-torneys’ fees and litigation expenses as part of the costs.’’. S
EC. 537. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Estab-lishing a Minimum Wage for Contractors’’ published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on October 7, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 60634), with respect to Federal con-tracts, permits, or other contract-like in-struments entered into with the Federal Government in connection with Federal property or lands, specifically related to of-fering seasonal recreational services or sea-sonal recreation equipment rental for the general public: Provided, That this section shall not apply to lodging and food services associated with seasonal recreation services. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 538. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 539. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Re-port 115–244. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 540. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND RELATED AGENCY DEPARTMENT OF STATE ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of the Department of State and the Foreign Service not other-wise provided for, $5,449,289,000, of which up to $610,000,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $1,380,752,000 may remain available until ex-pended for Worldwide Security Protection: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be allocated in accordance with paragraphs (1) through (4) as follows: (1) H
UMAN RESOURCES .—For necessary ex-penses for training, human resources man-agement, and salaries, including employ-ment without regard to civil service and classification laws of persons on a temporary basis (not to exceed $700,000), as authorized by section 801 of the United States Informa-tion and Educational Exchange Act of 1948, $2,522,390,000, of which up to $476,879,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection. (2) O
VERSEAS PROGRAMS .—For necessary expenses for the regional bureaus of the De-partment of State and overseas activities as authorized by law, $1,260,517,000. (3) D
IPLOMATIC POLICY AND SUPPORT .—For necessary expenses for the functional bu-reaus of the Department of State, including representation to certain international orga-nizations in which the United States partici-pates pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate or specific Acts of Congress, general adminis-tration, and arms control, nonproliferation and disarmament activities as authorized, $740,052,000. (4) S
ECURITY PROGRAMS .—For necessary ex-penses for security activities, $926,330,000, of which up to $903,873,000 is for Worldwide Se-curity Protection. (5) F
EES AND PAYMENTS COLLECTED .—In ad- dition to amounts otherwise made available under this heading— (A) as authorized by section 810 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act, not to exceed $5,000,000, to re-main available until expended, may be cred-ited to this appropriation from fees or other payments received from English teaching, li-brary, motion pictures, and publication pro-grams and from fees from educational advis-ing and counseling and exchange visitor pro-grams; and (B) not to exceed $15,000, which shall be de-rived from reimbursements, surcharges, and fees for use of Blair House facilities. (6) T
RANSFER , REPROGRAMMING , AND OTHER  
MATTERS .— (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds may be reprogrammed within and between paragraphs (1) through (4) under this heading subject to section 7015 of this Act. (B) Of the amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $10,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Con-sular Service’’, to be available only for emer-gency evacuations and rewards, as author-ized. (C) Funds appropriated under this heading are available for acquisition by exchange or purchase of passenger motor vehicles as au-thorized by law and, pursuant to section 1108(g) of title 31, United States Code, for the field examination of programs and activities in the United States funded from any ac-count contained in this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00288 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6945 September 6, 2017 
(D) Funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for Conflict Stabiliza-tion Operations and for related reconstruc-tion and stabilization assistance to prevent or respond to conflict or civil strife in for-eign countries or regions, or to enable tran-sition from such strife. (E) Funds appropriated under this heading in this Act that are designated for Worldwide Security Protection shall continue to be made available for support of security-re-lated training at sites in existence prior to the enactment of this Act. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Capital In-vestment Fund, as authorized, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $73,869,000, notwithstanding section 209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465), as it relates to post inspections: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $13,060,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019. 
EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE  
PROGRAMS  For expenses of educational and cultural exchange programs, as authorized, $590,900,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not less than $236,000,000 shall be for the Fulbright Program and not less than $111,360,000 shall be for Citizen Ex-change Program, including $4,125,000 for the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange: Pro- vided, That fees or other payments received from, or in connection with, English teach-ing, educational advising and counseling pro-grams, and exchange visitor programs as au-thorized may be credited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That any substantive modifications from the prior fiscal year to programs funded by this Act under this heading shall be sub-ject to prior consultation with, and the reg-ular notification procedures of, the Commit-tees on Appropriations. 
REPRESENTATION EXPENSES  For representation expenses as authorized, $7,000,000. 
PROTECTION OF FOREIGN MISSIONS AND  
OFFICIALS  For expenses, not otherwise provided, to enable the Secretary of State to provide for extraordinary protective services, as author-ized, $30,890,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
EMBASSY SECURITY , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for carrying out the Foreign Service Buildings Act of 1926 (22 U.S.C. 292 et seq.), preserving, maintaining, repairing, and planning for buildings that are owned or directly leased by the Depart-ment of State, renovating, in addition to funds otherwise available, the Harry S Tru-man Building, and carrying out the Diplo-matic Security Construction Program as au-thorized, $754,459,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $25,000 may be used for domestic and overseas rep-resentation expenses as authorized: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be available for acquisition of furniture, furnishings, or generators for other departments and agencies of the United States Government. In addition, for the costs of worldwide se-curity upgrades, acquisition, and construc-tion as authorized, $1,488,237,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the pro-posed allocation of funds made available under this heading and the actual and antici-pated proceeds of sales for all projects in fis-cal year 2018. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For necessary expenses to enable the Sec-retary of State to meet unforeseen emer-gencies arising in the Diplomatic and Con-sular Service, as authorized, $7,885,000, to re-main available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’, subject to the same terms and conditions. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $1,300,000, as authorized: Provided, That such costs, includ-ing the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of di-rect loans not to exceed $2,440,856. 
PAYMENT TO THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE IN  
TAIWAN  For necessary expenses to carry out the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), $30,557,000. 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER , WASHINGTON , 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  Not to exceed $1,806,600 shall be derived from fees collected from other executive agencies for lease or use of facilities at the International Center in accordance with sec-tion 4 of the International Center Act (Pub-lic Law 90–553), and, in addition, as author-ized by section 5 of such Act, $743,000, to be derived from the reserve authorized by such section, to be used for the purposes set out in that section. 
PAYMENT TO THE FOREIGN SERVICE  
RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY FUND  For payment to the Foreign Service Re-tirement and Disability Fund, as authorized, $158,900,000. I
NTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS  
CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL  
ORGANIZATIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, to meet annual obligations of membership in international multilateral or-ganizations, pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate, conventions or specific Acts of Con-gress, $1,074,645,000: Provided, That the Sec-retary of State shall, at the time of the sub-mission of the President’s budget to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, transmit to the Committees on Appropriations the most recent biennial budget prepared by the United Nations for the operations of the United Nations: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of State shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions at least 15 days in advance (or in an emergency, as far in advance as is prac-ticable) of any United Nations action to in-crease funding for any United Nations pro-gram without identifying an offsetting de-crease elsewhere in the United Nations budg-et: Provided further, That not later than June 1, 2018, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, in-cluding from the United Nations Tax Equali-zation Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 assessment costs in-cluding offsets from available credits and up-dated foreign currency exchange rates: Pro- vided further, That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to the United Nations regular budget, and the Committees on Appropria-tions shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, includ-ing any payment of arrearages: Provided fur-ther, That any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an esti-mate of all known credits currently attrib-utable to the United States and provide up-dated assessment costs, including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages under this heading shall be directed to activities that are mutually agreed upon by the United States and the respective international orga-nization and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for a United States contribution to an international orga-nization for the United States share of inter-est costs made known to the United States Government by such organization for loans incurred on or after October 1, 1984, through external borrowings. CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL  
PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES  For necessary expenses to pay assessed and other expenses of international peacekeeping activities directed to the maintenance or restoration of international peace and secu-rity, $529,909,000, of which 15 percent shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be obligated or expended for any new or expanded United Nations peace-keeping mission unless, at least 15 days in advance of voting for such mission in the United Nations Security Council (or in an emergency as far in advance as is prac-ticable), the Committees on Appropriations are notified of: (1) the estimated cost and du-ration of the mission, the objectives of the mission, the national interest that will be served, and the exit strategy; and (2) the sources of funds, including any reprogrammings or transfers, that will be used to pay the cost of the new or expanded mission, and the estimated cost in future fis-cal years: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for obligation unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations on a peacekeeping mission-by-mission basis that the United Nations is implementing effective policies and procedures to prevent United Nations employees, contractor personnel, and peacekeeping troops serving in such mis-sion from trafficking in persons, exploiting victims of trafficking, or committing acts of sexual exploitation and abuse or other viola-tions of human rights, and to bring to justice individuals who engage in such acts while participating in such mission, including prosecution in their home countries and making information about such prosecutions publicly available on the Web site of the United Nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and foreign governments contributing peacekeeping troops to imple-ment effective vetting procedures to ensure that such troops have not violated human rights: Provided further, That funds shall be available for peacekeeping expenses unless the Secretary of State determines that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00289 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6946 September 6, 2017 
United States manufacturers and suppliers are not being given opportunities to provide equipment, services, and material for United Nations peacekeeping activities equal to those being given to foreign manufacturers and suppliers: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may be used for any United Nations peacekeeping mission that will involve United States Armed Forces under the command or operational control of a foreign national, unless the President’s military advisors have submitted to the President a recommendation that such involvement is in the national interest of the United States and the President has submitted to Congress such a recommenda-tion: Provided further, That not later than June 1, 2018, and 30 days after the end of fis-cal year 2018, the Secretary of State shall re-port to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, including those resulting from United Nations peacekeeping missions or the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 assessment costs including offsets from available credits: Provided further, That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to United Nations peacekeeping missions, and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any pay-ment of arrearages: Provided further, That any notification regarding funds appro-priated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an esti-mate of all known credits currently attrib-utable to the United States and provide up-dated assessment costs, including offsets from available credits: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages with funds appro-priated by this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and members of the United Nations Security Council to evaluate and prioritize peacekeeping missions, and to consider a draw down when mission goals have been substantially achieved. I
NTERNATIONAL COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, to meet obligations of the United States arising under treaties, or specific Acts of Congress, as follows: 
INTERNATIONAL BOUNDARY AND WATER  
COMMISSION , UNITED STATES AND MEXICO  For necessary expenses for the United States Section of the International Bound-ary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico, and to comply with laws appli-cable to the United States Section, including not to exceed $6,000 for representation ex-penses; as follows: 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses, not otherwise provided for, $44,748,000. 
CONSTRUCTION  For detailed plan preparation and con-struction of authorized projects, $27,900,000, to remain available until expended, as au-thorized. 
AMERICAN SECTIONS , INTERNATIONAL  
COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided, for the International Joint Commis-sion and the International Boundary Com-mission, United States and Canada, as au-thorized by treaties between the United States and Canada or Great Britain, and the Border Environment Cooperation Commis-sion as authorized by the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 103–182), $12,184,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Joint Commis-sion, up to $500,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, and $9,000 may be made available for representation expenses. INTERNATIONAL FISHERIES COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses for international fisheries commissions, not otherwise pro-vided for, as authorized by law, $34,176,000: Provided, That the United States share of such expenses may be advanced to the re-spective commissions pursuant to section 3324 of title 31, United States Code. RELATED AGENCY B
ROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS  
INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to enable the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), as authorized, to carry out international com-munication activities, and to make and su-pervise grants for radio, Internet, and tele-vision broadcasting to the Middle East, $764,936,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts otherwise available for such pur-poses, up to $34,935,000 of the amount appro-priated under this heading may remain available until expended for satellite trans-missions and Internet freedom programs, of which not less than $13,800,000 shall be for Internet freedom programs: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $35,000 may be used for representation expenses, of which $10,000 may be used for such expenses within the United States as authorized, and not to exceed $30,000 may be used for representation expenses of Radio Free Europe/Radio Lib-erty: Provided further, That the BBG shall notify the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of any determination by the BBG that any of its broadcast entities, in-cluding its grantee organizations, provides an open platform for international terrorists or those who support international ter-rorism, or is in violation of the principles and standards set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of section 303 of the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6202) or the entity’s journalistic code of ethics: Provided further, That significant modifications to BBG broadcast hours pre-viously justified to Congress, including changes to transmission platforms (short-wave, medium wave, satellite, Internet, and television), for all BBG language services shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That in addition to funds made available under this heading, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, up to $5,000,000 in receipts from advertising and revenue from business ventures, up to $500,000 in receipts from cooperating inter-national organizations, and up to $1,000,000 in receipts from privatization efforts of the Voice of America and the International Broadcasting Bureau, shall remain available until expended for carrying out authorized purposes. 
BROADCASTING CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS  For the purchase, rent, construction, re-pair, preservation, and improvement of fa-cilities for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception; the purchase, rent, and installation of necessary equip-ment for radio, television, and digital trans-mission and reception, including to Cuba, as authorized; and physical security worldwide, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, $4,791,000, to remain avail-able until expended, as authorized. RELATED PROGRAMS THEASIAFOUNDATION  For a grant to The Asia Foundation, as au-thorized by The Asia Foundation Act (22 U.S.C. 4402), $15,810,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES INSTITUTE OF PEACE  For necessary expenses of the United States Institute of Peace, as authorized by the United States Institute of Peace Act (22 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.), $35,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall not be used for construction activities. C
ENTER FOR MIDDLE EASTERN -WESTERN  D
IALOGUE TRUST FUND For necessary expenses of the Center for Middle Eastern-Western Dialogue Trust Fund, as authorized by section 633 of the De-partments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2004 (22 U.S.C. 2078), the total amount of the interest and earnings accruing to such Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended. E
ISENHOWER EXCHANGE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of Eisenhower Ex-change Fellowships, Incorporated, as author-ized by sections 4 and 5 of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Act of 1990 (20 U.S.C. 5204–5205), all interest and earnings accruing to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Pro-gram Trust Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That none of the funds appropriated herein shall be used to pay any salary or other compensation, or to enter into any contract providing for the payment thereof, in excess of the rate authorized by section 5376 of title 5, United States Code; or for pur-poses which are not in accordance with sec-tion 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Reg-ulations, including the restrictions on com-pensation for personal services. I
SRAELI ARABSCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of the Israeli Arab Scholarship Program, as authorized by sec-tion 214 of the Foreign Relations Authoriza-tion Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 2452), all interest and earnings accruing to the Israeli Arab Scholarship Fund on or be-fore September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR DEMOCRACY  For grants made by the Department of State to the National Endowment for De-mocracy, as authorized by the National En-dowment for Democracy Act (22 U.S.C. 4412), $170,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $117,500,000 shall be allo-cated in the traditional and customary man-ner, including for the core institutes, and $52,500,000 shall be for democracy programs. OTHER COMMISSIONS C
OMMISSION FOR THE PRESERVATION OF  A
MERICA ’SHERITAGE ABROAD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Commission for the Preservation of America’s Heritage Abroad, $675,000, as authorized by chapter 3123 of title 54, United States Code: Provided, That the Commission may procure tem-porary, intermittent, and other services not-withstanding paragraph (3) of section 312304(b) of such chapter: Provided further, That such authority shall terminate on Oc-tober 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Com-mission shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations prior to exercising such author-ity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00290 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6947 September 6, 2017 
UNITED STATES COMMISSION ON  I
NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, as authorized by title II of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431 et seq.), $4,500,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, in-cluding not more than $4,000 for representa-tion expenses. C
OMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN  E
UROPE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, as authorized by Public Law 94–304, $2,579,000, including not more than $4,000 for represen-tation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019. C
ONGRESSIONAL -EXECUTIVE COMMISSION ON  
THEPEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF CHINA 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Congres-sional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China, as authorized by title III of the U.S.-China Relations Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.), $2,000,000, including not more than $3,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019. U
NITED STATES -CHINA ECONOMIC AND  S
ECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission, as authorized by section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), $3,500,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the authorities, requirements, limitations, and conditions contained in the second through sixth provisos under this heading in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018 and shall apply to funds appro-priated under this heading as if included in this Act. TITLE II UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $1,133,906,000, of which up to $170,085,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading and under the heading ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in this title may be made available to finance the construction (including architect and engineering services), purchase, or long- term lease of offices for use by the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, unless the USAID Administrator has identified such proposed use of funds in a re-port submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations at least 15 days prior to the obliga-tion of funds for such purposes: Provided fur-ther, That contracts or agreements entered into with funds appropriated under this heading may entail commitments for the ex-penditure of such funds through the fol-lowing fiscal year: Provided further, That the authority of sections 610 and 109 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 may be exercised by the Secretary of State to transfer funds appropriated to carry out chapter 1 of part I of such Act to ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in ac-cordance with the provisions of those sec-tions: Provided further, That of the funds ap-propriated or made available under this heading, not to exceed $250,000 may be avail-able for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses, and not to exceed $100,500 shall be for official res-idence expenses, for USAID during the cur-rent fiscal year. CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND  For necessary expenses for overseas con-struction and related costs, and for the pro-curement and enhancement of information technology and related capital investments, pursuant to section 667 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, $174,985,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That this amount is in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available subject to the regular noti-fication procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $69,000,000, of which up to $10,350,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, for the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development. TITLE III BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  For necessary expenses to enable the Presi-dent to carry out the provisions of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, and for other purposes, as follows: 
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapters 1 and 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, for global health activities, in addition to funds other-wise available for such purposes, $2,651,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, and which shall be appor-tioned directly to the United States Agency for International Development: Provided, That this amount shall be made available for training, equipment, and technical assist-ance to build the capacity of public health institutions and organizations in developing countries, and for such activities as: (1) child survival and maternal health programs; (2) immunization and oral rehydration pro-grams; (3) other health, nutrition, water and sanitation programs which directly address the needs of mothers and children, and re-lated education programs; (4) assistance for children displaced or orphaned by causes other than AIDS; (5) programs for the pre-vention, treatment, control of, and research on HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, polio, malaria, and other infectious diseases including ne-glected tropical diseases, and for assistance to communities severely affected by HIV/ AIDS, including children infected or affected by AIDS; (6) disaster preparedness training for health crises; (7) programs to prevent, prepare for, and respond to, unanticipated and emerging global health threats; and (8) family planning/reproductive health: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available for a United States contribution to the GAVI Alli-ance and the United Nations Children’s Fund: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this Act nor any un-obligated balances from prior appropriations Acts may be made available to any organiza-tion or program which, as determined by the President of the United States, supports or participates in the management of a pro-gram of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization: Provided further, That any de-termination made under the previous proviso must be made not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and must be accompanied by the evidence and criteria utilized to make the determination: Provided further, That none of the funds made avail-able under this Act may be used to pay for the performance of abortion as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions: Provided fur-ther, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to lobby for or against abortion: Provided fur-ther, That in order to reduce reliance on abortion in developing nations, funds shall be available only to voluntary family plan-ning projects which offer, either directly or through referral to, or information about ac-cess to, a broad range of family planning methods and services, and that any such vol-untary family planning project shall meet the following requirements: (1) service pro-viders or referral agents in the project shall not implement or be subject to quotas, or other numerical targets, of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning (this provision shall not be con-strued to include the use of quantitative es-timates or indicators for budgeting and plan-ning purposes); (2) the project shall not in-clude payment of incentives, bribes, gratu-ities, or financial reward to: (A) an indi-vidual in exchange for becoming a family planning acceptor; or (B) program personnel for achieving a numerical target or quota of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a par-ticular method of family planning; (3) the project shall not deny any right or benefit, including the right of access to participate in any program of general welfare or the right of access to health care, as a con-sequence of any individual’s decision not to accept family planning services; (4) the project shall provide family planning accep-tors comprehensible information on the health benefits and risks of the method cho-sen, including those conditions that might render the use of the method inadvisable and those adverse side effects known to be con-sequent to the use of the method; and (5) the project shall ensure that experimental con-traceptive drugs and devices and medical procedures are provided only in the context of a scientific study in which participants are advised of potential risks and benefits; and, not less than 60 days after the date on which the USAID Administrator determines that there has been a violation of the re-quirements contained in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (5) of this proviso, or a pattern or practice of violations of the requirements contained in paragraph (4) of this proviso, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations a report con-taining a description of such violation and the corrective action taken by the Agency: Provided further, That in awarding grants for natural family planning under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 no appli-cant shall be discriminated against because of such applicant’s religious or conscientious commitment to offer only natural family planning; and, additionally, all such appli-cants shall comply with the requirements of the previous proviso: Provided further, That for purposes of this or any other Act author-izing or appropriating funds for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs, the term ‘‘motivate’’, as it relates to family planning assistance, shall not be construed to prohibit the provision, consistent with local law, of information or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00291 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6948 September 6, 2017 
counseling about all pregnancy options: Pro- vided further, That information provided about the use of condoms as part of projects or activities that are funded from amounts appropriated by this Act shall be medically accurate and shall include the public health benefits and failure rates of such use. In addition, for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 for the prevention, treat-ment, and control of, and research on, HIV/ AIDS, $5,670,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, which shall be appor-tioned directly to the Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available, notwith-standing any other provision of law, except for the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–25), as amended, for a United States contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Ma-laria (Global Fund), and shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for projects and activities: Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the aggregate amount of funds made available to the Glob-al Fund in fiscal year 2018 may be made available to USAID for technical assistance related to the activities of the Global Fund, subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this paragraph, up to $17,000,000 may be made available, in addi-tion to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, for administrative expenses of the Office of the United States Global AIDS Co-ordinator. 
DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of sections 103, 105, 106, 214, and sections 251 through 255, and chapter 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $2,780,971,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 491 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 for international disaster relief, rehabilitation, and reconstruction as-sistance, $1,033,483,000, to remain available until expended. 
TRANSITION INITIATIVES  For necessary expenses for international disaster rehabilitation and reconstruction assistance administered by the Office of Transition Initiatives, United States Agency for International Development, pursuant to section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to support transition to democracy and long-term development of countries in crisis: Provided, That such support may in-clude assistance to develop, strengthen, or preserve democratic institutions and proc-esses, revitalize basic infrastructure, and fos-ter the peaceful resolution of conflict: Pro- vided further, That the USAID Administrator shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days prior to begin-ning a new program of assistance: Provided further, That if the Secretary of State deter-mines that it is important to the national interest of the United States to provide tran-sition assistance in excess of the amount ap-propriated under this heading, up to $15,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be used for purposes of this heading and under the authorities applicable to funds appro-priated under this heading: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso shall be made available sub-ject to prior consultation with the Commit-tees on Appropriations. DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AUTHORITY  For the cost of direct loans and loan guar-antees provided by the United States Agency for International Development, as authorized by sections 256 and 635 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, up to $50,000,000 may be de-rived by transfer from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out part I of such Act and under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’: Provided, That funds provided under this paragraph and funds provided as a gift that are used for pur-poses of this paragraph pursuant to section 635(d) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be made available only for micro- and small enterprise programs, urban programs, and other programs which further the pur-poses of part I of such Act: Provided further, That funds provided as a gift that are used for purposes of this paragraph shall be sub-ject to prior consultation with, and the reg-ular notification procedures of, the Commit-tees on Appropriations: Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such direct and guaranteed loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Pro- vided further, That funds made available by this paragraph may be used for the cost of modifying any such guaranteed loans under this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs, and funds used for such cost, including if the cost results in a negative subsidy, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the provisions of section 107A(d) (relat-ing to general provisions applicable to the Development Credit Authority) of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, as contained in section 306 of H.R. 1486 as reported by the House Committee on International Relations on May 9, 1997, shall be applicable to direct loans and loan guarantees provided under this heading, except that the principal amount of loans made or guaranteed under this heading with respect to any single coun-try shall not exceed $300,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That these funds are available to sub-sidize total loan principal, any portion of which is to be guaranteed, of up to $1,750,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out credit programs administered by USAID, $9,120,000, of which up to $1,300,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019. 
ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,041,761,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
DEMOCRACY FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the promotion of democracy glob-ally, including to carry out the purposes of section 502(b)(3) and (5) of Public Law 98–164 (22 U.S.C. 4411), $145,375,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, which shall be made available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund of the Bureau of Democ-racy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading that are made available to the National Endowment for Democracy and its core institutes are in addition to amounts otherwise available by this Act for such purposes: Provided further, That the As-sistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall consult with the Committees on Appro-priations prior to the obligation of funds ap-propriated under this paragraph. For an additional amount for such pur-poses, $65,125,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be made available for the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International De-velopment. ASSISTANCE FOR EUROPE , EURASIA AND  
CENTRAL ASIA  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the FREEDOM Support Act (Public Law 102–511), and the Support for Eastern Euro-pean Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–179), $691,571,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be available, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, except section 7070 of this Act, for assistance and related programs for coun-tries identified in section 3 of Public Law 102–511 and section 3(c) of Public Law 101–179, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided, That funds appro-priated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’ and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ that are made available for assistance for such countries shall be admin-istered in accordance with the responsibil-ities of the coordinator designated pursuant to section 102 of Public Law 102–511 and sec-tion 601 of Public Law 101–179: Provided fur-ther, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be considered to be economic assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for purposes of making available the administrative authorities contained in that Act for the use of economic assistance. D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses not otherwise pro-vided for, to enable the Secretary of State to carry out the provisions of section 2(a) and (b) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962, and other activities to meet ref-ugee and migration needs; salaries and ex-penses of personnel and dependents as au-thorized by the Foreign Service Act of 1980; allowances as authorized by sections 5921 through 5925 of title 5, United States Code; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehi-cles; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $877,802,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available to respond to small- scale emergency humanitarian require-ments, and $7,500,000 shall be made available for refugees resettling in Israel. I
NDEPENDENT AGENCIES  
PEACE CORPS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), including the purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles for ad-ministrative purposes for use outside of the United States, $398,221,000, of which $5,500,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That the Director of the Peace Corps may transfer to the Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations Account, as authorized by section 16 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2515), an amount not to exceed $5,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso may not be derived from amounts made available for Peace Corps overseas operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $104,000 may be available for representation expenses, of which not to ex-ceed $4,000 may be made available for enter-tainment expenses: Provided further, That any decision to open, close, significantly re-duce, or suspend a domestic or overseas of-fice or country program shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00292 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6949 September 6, 2017 
Appropriations, except that prior consulta-tion and regular notification procedures may be waived when there is a substantial secu-rity risk to volunteers or other Peace Corps personnel, pursuant to section 7015(e) of this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to pay for abortions: Provided further, That notwithstanding the previous proviso, section 614 of division E of Public Law 113–76 shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. 
MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) (MCA), $697,600,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That up to 5 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available to carry out the purposes of section 616 of the MCA for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That section 605(e) of the MCA shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated under this heading may be made available for a Millennium Challenge Com-pact entered into pursuant to section 609 of the MCA only if such Compact obligates, or contains a commitment to obligate subject to the availability of funds and the mutual agreement of the parties to the Compact to proceed, the entire amount of the United States Government funding anticipated for the duration of the Compact: Provided fur-ther, That the Millennium Challenge Cor-poration (MCC) Chief Executive Officer shall notify the Committees on Appropriations not later than 15 days prior to commencing negotiations for any country compact or threshold country program; signing any such compact or threshold program; or termi-nating or suspending any such compact or threshold program: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading by this Act and prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are available to implement section 609(g) of the MCA shall be subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That no country should be eligible for a threshold program after such country has completed a country compact: Provided further, That any funds that are deobligated from a Millennium Challenge Compact shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations prior to re-obliga-tion: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 606(a)(2) of the MCA, a country shall be a candidate country for purposes of eligi-bility for assistance for the fiscal year if the country has a per capita income equal to or below the World Bank’s lower middle income country threshold for the fiscal year and is among the 75 lowest per capita income coun-tries as identified by the World Bank; and the country meets the requirements of sec-tion 606(a)(1)(B) of the MCA: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 606(b)(1) of the MCA, in addition to countries described in the preceding proviso, a country shall be a candidate country for purposes of eligibility for assistance for the fiscal year if the coun-try has a per capita income equal to or below the World Bank’s lower middle income coun-try threshold for the fiscal year and is not among the 75 lowest per capita income coun-tries as identified by the World Bank; and the country meets the requirements of sec-tion 606(a)(1)(B) of the MCA: Provided further, That any MCC candidate country under sec-tion 606 of the MCA with a per capita income that changes in the fiscal year such that the country would be reclassified from a low in-come country to a lower middle income country or from a lower middle income coun-try to a low income country shall retain its candidacy status in its former income classi-fication for the fiscal year and the 2 subse-quent fiscal years: Provided further, That publication in the Federal Register of a no-tice of availability of a copy of a Compact on the MCC Web site shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of section 610(b)(2) of the MCA for such Compact: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs shall be avail-able for a threshold program in a country that is not currently a candidate country. In addition, for the administrative ex-penses of the MCC, $102,400,000, of which up to $15,360,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this paragraph, not to exceed $100,000 may be available for rep-resentation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. 
INTER -AMERICAN FOUNDATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the functions of the Inter-American Foundation in accordance with the provisions of section 401 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1969, $11,250,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to ex-ceed $1,000 may be available for representa-tion expenses. 
UNITED STATES AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT  
FOUNDATION  For necessary expenses to carry out title V of the International Security and Develop-ment Cooperation Act of 1980 (Public Law 96– 533), $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $1,000 may be available for representation ex-penses: Provided, That funds made available to grantees may be invested pending expend-iture for project purposes when authorized by the Board of Directors of the United States African Development Foundation (USADF): Provided further, That interest earned shall be used only for the purposes for which the grant was made: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 505(a)(2) of the African Development Foundation Act (22 U.S.C. 290h–3(a)(2)), in exceptional cir-cumstances the Board of Directors of the USADF may waive the $250,000 limitation contained in that section with respect to a project and a project may exceed the limita-tion by up to 10 percent if the increase is due solely to foreign currency fluctuation: Pro- vided further, That the USADF shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees after each time such waiver au-thority is exercised: Provided further, That the USADF may make rent or lease pay-ments in advance from appropriations avail-able for such purpose for offices, buildings, grounds, and quarters in Africa as may be necessary to carry out its functions: Provided further, That the USADF may maintain bank accounts outside the United States Treasury and retain any interest earned on such ac-counts, in furtherance of the purposes of the African Development Foundation Act: Pro- vided further, That the USADF may not with-draw any appropriation from the Treasury prior to the need of spending such funds for program purposes. D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS TECHNICAL  
ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 129 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $25,455,000, of which $3,182,000 may remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. TITLE IV INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses to carry out sec-tion 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $848,139,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the De-partment of State may use the authority of section 608 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to its restrictions, to re-ceive excess property from an agency of the United States Government for the purpose of providing such property to a foreign country or international organization under chapter 8 of part I of such Act, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That section 482(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading, except that any funds made available notwithstanding such section shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That funds appro-priated under this heading shall be made available to support training and technical assistance for foreign law enforcement, cor-rections, and other judicial authorities, uti-lizing regional partners: Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing that are transferred to another depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to sec-tion 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $5,000,000, and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, shall be subject to the regular no-tification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses for nonprolifera-tion, anti-terrorism, demining and related programs and activities, $617,873,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, to carry out the provisions of chapter 8 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for anti-terrorism assistance, chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, sec-tion 504 of the FREEDOM Support Act, sec-tion 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, or the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for demining activities, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, the destruction of small arms, and related activities, notwith-standing any other provision of law, includ-ing activities implemented through non-governmental and international organiza-tions, and section 301 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 for a United States contribu-tion to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission, and for a voluntary contribution to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA): Provided, That the Secretary of State shall inform the appropriate congressional committees of in-formation regarding any separate arrange-ments relating to the ‘‘Road-map for the Clarification of Past and Present Out-standing Issues Regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’ between the IAEA and the Islamic Republic of Iran, in classified form if nec-essary, if such information becomes known to the Department of State: Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing for the Nonproliferation and Disar-mament Fund shall be made available, not-withstanding any other provision of law and subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Com-mittees on Appropriations, to promote bilat-eral and multilateral activities relating to nonproliferation, disarmament, and weapons destruction, and shall remain available until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00293 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6950 September 6, 2017 
expended: Provided further, That such funds may also be used for such countries other than the Independent States of the former Soviet Union and international organiza-tions when it is in the national security in-terest of the United States to do so: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for the IAEA unless the Secretary of State determines that Israel is being denied its right to par-ticipate in the activities of that Agency: Pro- vided further, That funds made available for conventional weapons destruction programs, including demining and related activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, may be used for administra-tive expenses related to the operation and management of such programs and activi-ties, subject to the regular notification pro-cedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions. 
PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 551 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $135,041,000: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of such Act, to provide assistance to enhance the capacity of foreign civilian security forces, including gendarmes, to participate in peacekeeping operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $31,000,000 shall be made available for a United States contribu-tion to the Multinational Force and Observ-ers mission in the Sinai: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be obligated except as pro-vided through the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION AND  
TRAINING  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 541 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $105,160,000, of which up to $11,000,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the civil-ian personnel for whom military education and training may be provided under this heading may include civilians who are not members of a government whose participa-tion would contribute to improved civil-mili-tary relations, civilian control of the mili-tary, or respect for human rights: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $55,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. 
FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for grants to en-able the President to carry out the provi-sions of section 23 of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, $5,625,863,000: Provided, That to ex-pedite the provision of assistance to foreign countries and international organizations, the Secretary of State, following consulta-tion with the Committees on Appropriations and subject to the regular notification proce-dures of such Committees, may use the funds appropriated under this heading to procure defense articles and services to enhance the capacity of foreign security forces: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $3,100,000,000 shall be available for grants only for Israel: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading for grants only for Israel shall be disbursed within 30 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That to the extent that the Government of Israel requests that funds be used for such purposes, grants made available for Israel under this heading shall, as agreed by the United States and Israel, be available for advanced weapons systems, of which not less than $815,300,000 shall be available for the procurement in Israel of de-fense articles and defense services, including research and development: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be made available to sup-port or continue any program initially fund-ed under the authority of section 1206 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3456), section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, section 333 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1241 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2497), or any successor authorities, unless the Sec-retary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, has justified such pro-gram to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading shall be nonrepayable notwithstanding any requirement in section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be obligated upon apportionment in accordance with paragraph (5)(C) of section 1501(a) of title 31, United States Code. None of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to finance the procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Gov-ernment under the Arms Export Control Act unless the foreign country proposing to make such procurement has first signed an agreement with the United States Govern-ment specifying the conditions under which such procurement may be financed with such funds: Provided, That all country and funding level increases in allocations shall be sub-mitted through the regular notification pro-cedures of section 7015 of this Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for demining, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, and re-lated activities, and may include activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations: Provided further, That only those countries for which assist-ance was justified for the ‘‘Foreign Military Sales Financing Program’’ in the fiscal year 1989 congressional presentation for security assistance programs may utilize funds made available under this heading for procurement of defense articles, defense services, or de-sign and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act: Provided fur-ther, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for defense articles and services: Provided fur-ther, That not more than $80,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading may be obligated for necessary expenses, includ-ing the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only for use outside of the United States, for the general costs of ad-ministering military assistance and sales, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading for general costs of administering military assistance and sales, not to exceed $4,000 may be avail-able for entertainment expenses and not to exceed $130,000 may be available for represen-tation expenses: Provided further, That not more than $950,000,000 of funds realized pur-suant to section 21(e)(1)(A) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act may be obligated for ex-penses incurred by the Department of De-fense during fiscal year 2018 pursuant to sec-tion 43(b) of the Arms Export Control Act, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. TITLE V MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION  For payment to the International Develop-ment Association by the Secretary of the Treasury, $658,661,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE ASIAN DEVELOPMENT  
FUND  For payment to the Asian Development Bank’s Asian Development Fund by the Sec-retary of the Treasury, $47,395,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT  
BANK  For payment to the African Development Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid-in por-tion of the increase in capital stock, $32,418,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
LIMITATION ON CALLABLE CAPITAL  
SUBSCRIPTIONS  The United States Governor of the African Development Bank may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of such capital stock in an amount not to exceed $507,860,808. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT  
FUND  For payment to the African Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $109,387,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL FUND  
FOR AGRICULTURAL DEVELOPMENT  For payment to the International Fund for Agricultural Development by the Secretary of the Treasury, $30,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. TITLE VI EXPORT AND INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE E
XPORT -IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $5,700,000, of which up to $855,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  The Export-Import Bank of the United States is authorized to make such expendi-tures within the limits of funds and bor-rowing authority available to such corpora-tion, and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments with-out regard to fiscal year limitations, as pro-vided by section 104 of the Government Cor-poration Control Act, as may be necessary in carrying out the program for the current fis-cal year for such corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available during the cur-rent fiscal year may be used to make expend-itures, contracts, or commitments for the export of nuclear equipment, fuel, or tech-nology to any country, other than a nuclear- weapon state as defined in Article IX of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons eligible to receive economic or military assistance under this Act, that has detonated a nuclear explosive after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan and insurance programs, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00294 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6951 September 6, 2017 
not to exceed $30,000 for official reception and representation expenses for members of the Board of Directors, not to exceed $95,500,000, of which up to $14,325,000 may re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That the Export-Import Bank (the Bank) may accept, and use, payment or serv-ices provided by transaction participants for legal, financial, or technical services in con-nection with any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insur-ance commitment has been made: Provided further, That the Bank shall charge fees for necessary expenses (including special serv-ices performed on a contract or fee basis, but not including other personal services) in con-nection with the collection of moneys owed the Bank, repossession or sale of pledged col-lateral or other assets acquired by the Bank in satisfaction of moneys owed the Bank, or the investigation or appraisal of any prop-erty, or the evaluation of the legal, finan-cial, or technical aspects of any transaction for which an application for a loan, guar-antee or insurance commitment has been made, or systems infrastructure directly supporting transactions: Provided further, That in addition to other funds appropriated for administrative expenses, such fees shall be credited to this account for such purposes, to remain available until expended. 
RECEIPTS COLLECTED  Receipts collected pursuant to the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, as amended, in an amount not to exceed the amount appropriated herein, shall be cred-ited as offsetting collections to this account: Provided, That the sums herein appropriated from the General Fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by such offsetting col-lections so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the General Fund esti-mated at $0. O
VERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
NONCREDIT ACCOUNT  The Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion is authorized to make, without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by sec-tion 9104 of title 31, United States Code, such expenditures and commitments within the limits of funds available to it and in accord-ance with law as may be necessary: Provided, That the amount available for administra-tive expenses to carry out the credit and in-surance programs (including an amount for official reception and representation ex-penses which shall not exceed $35,000) shall not exceed $60,800,000: Provided further, That project-specific transaction costs, including direct and indirect costs incurred in claims settlements, and other direct costs associ-ated with services provided to specific inves-tors or potential investors pursuant to sec-tion 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, shall not be considered administrative expenses for the purposes of this heading. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by section 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $10,000,000, to be de-rived by transfer from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation Noncredit Account, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds so obligated in fiscal year 2018 remain available for disbursement through 2026; funds obli-gated in fiscal year 2019 remain available for disbursement through 2027; and funds obli-gated in fiscal year 2020 remain available for disbursement through 2028: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration is authorized to undertake any pro-gram authorized by title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 in Iraq: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the authority of the previous proviso shall be subject to the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for administrative expenses to carry out the credit program may be derived from amounts available for administrative expenses to carry out the credit and insurance programs in the Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion Noncredit Account and merged with said account. TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 661 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, $70,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not more than $5,000 may be avail-able for representation and entertainment expenses. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
ALLOWANCES AND DIFFERENTIALS  S
EC. 7001. Funds appropriated under title I of this Act shall be available, except as oth-erwise provided, for allowances and differen-tials as authorized by subchapter 59 of title 5, United States Code; for services as author-ized by section 3109 of such title and for hire of passenger transportation pursuant to sec-tion 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
UNOBLIGATED BALANCES REPORT  S
EC. 7002. Any department or agency of the United States Government to which funds are appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations a quarterly accounting of cumulative unobligated balances and obli-gated, but unexpended, balances by program, project, and activity, and Treasury Account Fund Symbol of all funds received by such department or agency in fiscal year 2018 or any previous fiscal year, disaggregated by fiscal year: Provided, That the report re-quired by this section shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter and should specify by account the amount of funds obligated pursuant to bilat-eral agreements which have not been further sub-obligated. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  S
EC. 7003. The expenditure of any appro-priation under title I of this Act for any con-sulting service through procurement con-tract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under exist-ing Executive Order issued pursuant to exist-ing law. 
DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES  S
EC. 7004. (a) C APITAL SECURITY COSTSHAR-
INGINFORMATION .—The Secretary of State shall promptly inform the Committees on Appropriations of each instance in which a Federal department or agency is delinquent in providing the full amount of funding re-quired by section 604(e) of the Secure Em-bassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 note). (b) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (2) of section 604(e) of the Secure Em-bassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (as enacted into law by section 1000(a)(7) of Public Law 106–113 and contained in appendix G of that Act), as amended by section 111 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), a project to construct a facility of the United States may include office space or other accommodations for members of the United States Marine Corps. (c) NEWDIPLOMATIC FACILITIES .—For the purposes of calculating the fiscal year 2018 costs of providing new United States diplo-matic facilities in accordance with section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 note), the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall determine the annual program level and agency shares in a manner that is proportional to the con-tribution of the Department of State for this purpose. (d) C
ONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs, which may be made available for the acquisition of prop-erty or award of construction contracts for overseas United States diplomatic facilities during fiscal year 2018, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That notifications pursuant to this subsection shall include the information enumerated under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Main-tenance’’ in the report accompanying this Act. (e) I
NTERIM AND TEMPORARY FACILITIES  A
BROAD .— (1) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construc-tion, and Maintenance’’ shall be made avail-able to address security vulnerabilities at in-terim and temporary United States diplo-matic facilities abroad, including physical security upgrades and local guard staffing. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the opening, closure, or any significant modification to an interim or temporary United States diplomatic facility shall be subject to prior consultation with the appro-priate congressional committees and the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations, except that such consultation and notification may be waived if there is a security risk to personnel. (f) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY .—Funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, including for Worldwide Security Protection, and under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construc-tion, and Maintenance’’ in titles I and VIII of this Act may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by such titles under such headings if the Secretary of State de-termines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to implement the recommendations of the Benghazi Accountability Review Board, or to prevent or respond to security situations and requirements, following consultation with, and subject to the regular notification proce-dures of, such Committees: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available under any other provision of law. (g) S
OFTTARGETS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Embassy Secu-rity, Construction, and Maintenance’’ shall be made available for security enhancements for soft targets in accordance with section 29 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2701). (h) R
EPORTS .— (1) None of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construc-tion, and Maintenance’’ in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs, made available through Fed-eral agency Capital Security Cost Sharing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00295 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6952 September 6, 2017 
contributions and reimbursements, or gen-erated from the proceeds of real property sales, other than from real property sales lo-cated in London, United Kingdom, may be made available for site acquisition and miti-gation, planning, design, or construction of the New London Embassy: Provided, That the reporting requirement contained in section 7004(f)(2) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall remain in effect during fiscal year 2018. (2) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act and every 4 months thereafter until Sep-tember 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on the new Mexico City Embassy and Beirut Embassy projects: Provided, That such report shall include, for each of the projects— (A) a detailed breakout of the project fac-tors that formed the basis of the initial cost estimate used to justify such project to the Committees on Appropriations, as described under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security Con-struction and Maintenance’’ in the report ac-companying this Act; (B) a comparison of the current project fac-tors as compared to the project factors sub-mitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this subsection, and an explanation of any changes; and (C) the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on project costs. 
PERSONNEL ACTIONS  S
EC. 7005. Any costs incurred by a depart-ment or agency funded under title I of this Act resulting from personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available under title I to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addi-tion to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 7006. (a) F INANCIAL SYSTEMS IMPROVE -
MENT .—Funds appropriated by this Act for the operations of the Department of State under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ shall be made available to implement the recommendations contained in the For-eign Assistance Data Review Findings Re-port (FADR) and the Office of Inspector Gen-eral (OIG) report entitled ‘‘Department Fi-nancial Systems Are Insufficient to Track and Report on Foreign Assistance Funds’’: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations an update to the plan required under section 7006 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31) for implementing the FADR and OIG recommendations: Provided further, That such funds may not be obli-gated for enhancements to, or expansions of, the Budget System Modernization Financial System, Central Resource Management Sys-tem, Joint Financial Management System, or Foreign Assistance Coordination and Tracking System until such updated plan is submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That such funds may not be obligated for new, or expansion of ex-isting, ad hoc electronic systems to track commitments, obligations or expenditures of funds unless the Secretary of State, fol-lowing consultation with the Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of State, has reviewed and certified that such new system or expansion is consistent with the FADR and OIG recommendations. (b) WORKING CAPITAL FUND.—Funds appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of State for pay-ments to the Working Capital Fund may only be used for the service centers included in the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, Fiscal Year 2018: Pro- vided, That the amounts for such service cen-ters shall be the amounts included in such budget justification, except as provided in section 7015(b) of this Act: Provided further, That Federal agency components shall be charged only for their direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided fur-ther, That prior to increasing the percentage charged to Department of State bureaus and offices for procurement-related activities, the Secretary of State shall include the pro-posed increase in the Department of State budget justification or, at least 60 days prior to the increase, provide the Committees on Appropriations a justification for such in-crease, including a detailed assessment of the cost and benefit of the services provided by the procurement fee: Provided further, That Federal agency components may only pay for Working Capital Fund services that are consistent with the purpose and authori-ties of such components: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service. (c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made available to a Department of State bu-reau or office with responsibility for the oversight or management of such funds, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations, on an in-dividual bureau or office basis, that such bu-reau or office is in compliance with Depart-ment and Federal financial management policies, procedures and regulations, as ap-plicable: Provided, That if the Secretary is unable to make such certification for an in-dividual bureau or office, the Secretary shall submit a plan and timeline to such Commit-tees detailing the steps to be taken to ensure such compliance. (d) R
EPORT ON SOLESOURCE AWARDS .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees detailing all sole-source awards made by the Depart-ment of State during the previous fiscal year in excess of $2,000,000: Provided, That such re-port should be posted on the Department of State Web site. 
PROHIBITION AGAINST DIRECT FUNDING FOR  
CERTAIN COUNTRIES  S
EC. 7007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to ti-tles III through VI of this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to finance directly any as-sistance or reparations for the governments of Cuba, North Korea, Iran, or Syria: Pro- vided, That for purposes of this section, the prohibition on obligations or expenditures shall include direct loans, credits, insurance, and guarantees of the Export-Import Bank or its agents. 
COUPS D ’E´TAT S
EC. 7008. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to ti-tles III through VI of this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to finance directly any as-sistance to the government of any country whose duly elected head of government is de-posed by military coup d’e´tat or decree or, after the date of enactment of this Act, a coup d’e´tat or decree in which the military plays a decisive role: Provided, That assist-ance may be resumed to such government if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that subsequent to the termination of assist-ance a democratically elected government has taken office: Provided further, That the provisions of this section shall not apply to assistance to promote democratic elections or public participation in democratic proc-esses: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous provisos shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions. TRANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY  S
EC. 7009. (a) D EPARTMENT OF STATE AND  B
ROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS .— (1) Not to exceed 5 percent of any appro-priation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of State under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers, and no such transfer may be made to increase the appropriation under the heading ‘‘Represen-tation Expenses’’. (2) Not to exceed 5 percent of any appro-priation made available for the current fiscal year for the Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors under title I of this Act may be trans-ferred between, and merged with, such appro-priations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. (3) Any transfer pursuant to this sub-section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or ex-penditure except in compliance with the pro-cedures set forth in that section. (b) T
ITLE VI A GENCIES .—Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation other than for administrative expenses made available for fiscal year 2018, for programs under title VI of this Act may be transferred between such appropriations for use for any of the pur-poses, programs, and activities for which the funds in such receiving account may be used, but no such appropriation, except as other-wise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 25 percent by any such trans-fer: Provided, That the exercise of such au-thority shall be subject to the regular notifi-cation procedures of the Committees on Ap-propriations. (c) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFERS OF FUNDS BE-
TWEEN AGENCIES .— (1) None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be trans-ferred to any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), in addi-tion to transfers made by, or authorized else-where in, this Act, funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the purposes of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 may be allocated or transferred to agencies of the United States Government pursuant to the provi-sions of sections 109, 610, and 632 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961. (3) Any agreement entered into by the United States Agency for International De-velopment or the Department of State with any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to section 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $1,000,000 and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00296 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6953 September 6, 2017 
operations, and related programs under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Devel-opment Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall be subject to the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations: Provided, That the requirement in the previous sentence shall not apply to agreements entered into be-tween USAID and the Department of State. (d) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS BETWEEN AC-
COUNTS .—None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be obligated under an appropriations account to which such funds were not appropriated, ex-cept for transfers specifically provided for in this Act, unless the President, not less than 5 days prior to the exercise of any authority contained in the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to transfer funds, consults with and pro-vides a written policy justification to the Committees on Appropriations. (e) A
UDIT OF INTER -AGENCY TRANSFERS OF  F
UNDS .—Any agreement for the transfer or allocation of funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations and related programs, entered into between the Department of State or USAID and another agency of the United States Government under the authority of section 632(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any com-parable provision of law, shall expressly pro-vide that the Inspector General (IG) for the agency receiving the transfer or allocation of such funds, or other entity with audit re-sponsibility if the receiving agency does not have an IG, shall perform periodic program and financial audits of the use of such funds and report to the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate, upon completion of such audits: Provided, That such audits shall be transmitted to the Committees on Appro-priations by the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate: Provided further, That funds transferred under such authority may be made available for the cost of such audits. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall each submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing all transfers to an-other agency of the United States Govern-ment made pursuant to sections 632(a) and 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 with funds provided in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31) as of the date of enact-ment of this Act: Provided, That such reports shall include a list of each transfer made pursuant to such sections with the respec-tive funding level, appropriation account, and the receiving agency. 
PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN OPERATIONAL  
EXPENSES  S
EC. 7010. (a) F IRST-CLASS TRAVEL .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by employees of United States Government departments and agencies funded by this Act in contravention of section 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) C
OMPUTER NETWORKS .—None of the funds made available by this Act for the op-erating expenses of any United States Gov-ernment department or agency may be used to establish or maintain a computer network for use by such department or agency unless such network has filters designed to block access to sexually explicit Web sites: Pro- vided, That nothing in this subsection shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Fed-eral, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency, or any other entity carrying out the following activities: criminal investigations, prosecutions, and adjudications; administra-tive discipline; and the monitoring of such Web sites undertaken as part of official busi-ness. (c) PROHIBITION ON PROMOTION OF TO-
BACCO .—None of the funds made available by this Act should be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco prod-ucts, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. 
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  S
EC. 7011. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation after the expiration of the cur-rent fiscal year unless expressly so provided by this Act: Provided, That funds appro-priated for the purposes of chapters 1 and 8 of part I, section 661, chapters 4, 5, 6, 8, and 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, and funds provided under the headings ‘‘Development Credit Authority’’ and ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall remain available for an addi-tional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially obli-gated before the expiration of their respec-tive periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided further, That the availability of funds pursuant to the previous proviso shall not be applicable to such funds until the Sec-retary of State submits the reports required under section 7011 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2016 (division K of Public Law 114–113) and under section 7011 of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115– 31): Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall provide a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations not later than Octo-ber 30, 2018, detailing by account and source year, the use of this authority during the previous fiscal year. 
LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES IN  
DEFAULT  S
EC. 7012. No part of any appropriation pro-vided under titles III through VI in this Act shall be used to furnish assistance to the government of any country which is in de-fault during a period in excess of 1 calendar year in payment to the United States of principal or interest on any loan made to the government of such country by the United States pursuant to a program for which funds are appropriated under this Act unless the President determines, following con-sultations with the Committees on Appro-priations, that assistance for such country is in the national interest of the United States. 
PROHIBITION ON TAXATION OF UNITED STATES  
ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7013. (a) P ROHIBITION ON TAXATION .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to provide assistance for a foreign country under a new bilateral agreement governing the terms and conditions under which such assistance is to be provided un-less such agreement includes a provision stating that assistance provided by the United States shall be exempt from taxation, or reimbursed, by the foreign government, and the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall expeditiously seek to negotiate amendments to existing bi-lateral agreements, as necessary, to conform with this requirement. (b) N
OTIFICATION AND REIMBURSEMENT OF  F
OREIGN TAXES .—An amount equivalent to 200 percent of the total taxes assessed during fiscal year 2018 on funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs by a foreign government or entity against United States assistance programs, either directly or through grantees, contractors, and sub-contractors shall be withheld from obliga-tion from funds appropriated for assistance for fiscal year 2019 and for prior fiscal years and allocated for the central government of such country or for the West Bank and Gaza program if, not later than September 30, 2019, such taxes have not been reimbursed: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations by such date on the foreign governments and entities that have not reimbursed such taxes, including any amount of funds with-held pursuant to this subsection. (c) DEMINIMIS EXCEPTION .—Foreign taxes of a de minimis nature shall not be subject to the provisions of subsection (b). (d) R
EPROGRAMMING OF FUNDS .—Funds withheld from obligation for each foreign government or entity pursuant to subsection (b) shall be reprogrammed for assistance for countries which do not assess taxes on United States assistance or which have an effective arrangement that is providing sub-stantial reimbursement of such taxes, and that can reasonably accommodate such as-sistance in a programmatically responsible manner. (e) D
ETERMINATIONS .— (1) The provisions of this section shall not apply to any foreign government or entity that assesses such taxes if the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appro-priations that— (A) such foreign government or entity has an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes; or (B) the foreign policy interests of the United States outweigh the purpose of this section to ensure that United States assist-ance is not subject to taxation. (2) The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to exercising the author-ity of this subsection with regard to any for-eign government or entity. (f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of State shall issue rules, regulations, or policy guidance, as appropriate, to implement the prohibition against the taxation of assist-ance contained in this section. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— (1) the term ‘‘bilateral agreement’’ refers to a framework bilateral agreement between the Government of the United States and the government of the country receiving assist-ance that describes the privileges and immu-nities applicable to United States foreign as-sistance for such country generally, or an in-dividual agreement between the Government of the United States and such government that describes, among other things, the treatment for tax purposes that will be ac-corded the United States assistance provided under that agreement; and (2) the term ‘‘taxes and taxation’’ shall in-clude value added taxes and customs duties but shall not include individual income taxes assessed to local staff. (h) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other rel-evant departments or agencies of the United States Government, shall submit an update to the report required pursuant to section 7013(h) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31). 
RESERVATIONS OF FUNDS  S
EC. 7014. (a) R EPROGRAMMING .—Funds ap-propriated under titles III through VI of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00297 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6954 September 6, 2017 
Act which are specifically designated may be reprogrammed for other programs within the same account notwithstanding the designa-tion if compliance with the designation is made impossible by operation of any provi-sion of this or any other Act: Provided, That any such reprogramming shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That assistance that is reprogrammed pursuant to this subsection shall be made available under the same terms and condi-tions as originally provided. (b) E
XTENSION OF AVAILABILITY .—In addi- tion to the authority contained in subsection (a), the original period of availability of funds appropriated by this Act and adminis-tered by the Department of State or the United States Agency for International De-velopment that are specifically designated for particular programs or activities by this or any other Act may be extended for an ad-ditional fiscal year if the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports promptly to the Committees on Appropriations that the ter-mination of assistance to a country or a sig-nificant change in circumstances makes it unlikely that such designated funds can be obligated during the original period of avail-ability: Provided, That such designated funds that continue to be available for an addi-tional fiscal year shall be obligated only for the purpose of such designation. (c) O
THER ACTS.—Ceilings and specifically designated funding levels contained in this Act shall not be applicable to funds or au-thorities appropriated or otherwise made available by any subsequent Act unless such Act specifically so directs: Provided, That specifically designated funding levels or min-imum funding requirements contained in any other Act shall not be applicable to funds appropriated by this Act. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 7015. (a) N OTIFICATION OF CHANGES IN  P
ROGRAMS , PROJECTS , ANDACTIVITIES .—None of the funds made available in titles I and II of this Act or prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs to the de-partments and agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or of currency reflows or other offsetting collections, or made available by transfer, to the departments and agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation to— (1) create new programs; (2) eliminate a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) close, suspend, open, or reopen a mis-sion or post; (4) create, close, reorganize, or rename bu-reaus, centers, or offices; or (5) contract out or privatize any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless previously justified to the Commit-tees on Appropriations or such Committees are notified 15 days in advance of such obli-gation. (b) N
OTIFICATION OF REPROGRAMMING OF  F
UNDS .—None of the funds provided under ti-tles I and II of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, to the departments and agencies funded under titles I and II of this Act that remain avail-able for obligation in fiscal year 2018, or pro-vided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the department and agen-cy funded under title I of this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for activities, programs, or projects through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $1,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments or changes existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) relocates an existing office or employ-ees; (3) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as ap-proved by Congress; or (4) results from any general savings, in-cluding savings from a reduction in per-sonnel, which would result in a change in ex-isting programs, activities, or projects as ap-proved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such re-programming of funds. (c) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—None of the funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Trade and De-velopment Agency’’, ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Millennium Challenge Corporation’’, ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘International Military Edu-cation and Training’’, and ‘‘Peace Corps’’, shall be available for obligation for activi-ties, programs, projects, type of materiel as-sistance, countries, or other operations not justified or in excess of the amount justified to the Committees on Appropriations for ob-ligation under any of these specific headings unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such commit-ment: Provided, That the President shall not enter into any commitment of funds appro-priated for the purposes of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act for the provision of major defense equipment, other than conven-tional ammunition, or other major defense items defined to be aircraft, ships, missiles, or combat vehicles, not previously justified to Congress or 20 percent in excess of the quantities justified to Congress unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such commitment: Pro- vided further, That requirements of this sub-section or any similar provision of this or any other Act shall not apply to any re-programming for an activity, program, or project for which funds are appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act of less than 10 percent of the amount previously justified to Congress for obligation for such activity, program, or project for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That any notifi-cation submitted pursuant to subsection (f) of this section shall include information (if known on the date of transmittal of such no-tification) on the use of notwithstanding au-thority: Provided further, That if subsequent to the notification of assistance it becomes necessary to rely on notwithstanding au-thority, the Committees on Appropriations should be informed at the earliest oppor-tunity and to the extent practicable. (d) N
OTIFICATION OF TRANSFER OF FUNDS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with the exception of funds transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under title I of this Act, funds transferred by the Department of Defense to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development for assistance for foreign countries and international organiza-tions, and funds made available for programs previously authorized under section 1206 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3456), section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, section 333 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1241 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), or any successor authorities, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (e) WAIVER .—The requirements of this sec-tion or any similar provision of this Act or any other Act, including any prior Act re-quiring notification in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations, may be waived if failure to do so would pose a substantial risk to human health or welfare: Provided, That in case of any such waiver, notification to the Committees on Appropriations shall be provided as early as practicable, but in no event later than 3 days after taking the ac-tion to which such notification requirement was applicable, in the context of the cir-cumstances necessitating such waiver: Pro- vided further, That any notification provided pursuant to such a waiver shall contain an explanation of the emergency circumstances. (f) C
OUNTRY NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance for Afghanistan, Bolivia, Burma, Cambodia, Colombia, Cuba, Ecuador, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Pakistan, Philippines, the Russian Federa-tion, Somalia, South Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Syria, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Yemen, and Zimbabwe except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) T
RUST FUNDS .—Funds appropriated or otherwise made available in title III of this Act and prior Acts making funds available for the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs that are made available for a trust fund held by an inter-national financial institution as defined by section 7034(o)(3) of this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such notification shall include the in-formation specified under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (h) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under titles III and IV that are withheld from obligation or other-wise not programmed as a result of applica-tion of a provision of law in this or any other Act shall, if reprogrammed, be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. 
NOTIFICATION ON EXCESS DEFENSE EQUIPMENT  S
EC. 7016. Prior to providing excess Depart-ment of Defense articles in accordance with section 516(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Department of Defense shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations to the same extent and under the same condi-tions as other committees pursuant to sub-section (f) of that section: Provided, That be- fore issuing a letter of offer to sell excess de-fense articles under the Arms Export Control Act, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations in accord-ance with the regular notification proce-dures of such Committees if such defense ar-ticles are significant military equipment (as defined in section 47(9) of the Arms Export Control Act) or are valued (in terms of origi-nal acquisition cost) at $7,000,000 or more, or if notification is required elsewhere in this Act for the use of appropriated funds for spe-cific countries that would receive such ex-cess defense articles: Provided further, That such Committees shall also be informed of the original acquisition cost of such defense articles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00298 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6955 September 6, 2017 
LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  S
EC. 7017. Subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations, funds appropriated under titles I and III through V of this Act, which are re-turned or not made available for organiza-tions and programs because of the implemen-tation of section 307(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the requirement to withhold funds for programs in Burma under section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act. 
PROHIBITION ON FUNDING FOR ABORTIONS AND  
INVOLUNTARY STERILIZATION  S
EC. 7018. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of abortions as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the per-formance of involuntary sterilization as a method of family planning or to coerce or provide any financial incentive to any person to undergo sterilizations. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for any biomedical re-search which relates in whole or in part, to methods of, or the performance of, abortions or involuntary sterilization as a means of family planning. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be obligated or expended for any country or or-ganization if the President certifies that the use of these funds by any such country or or-ganization would violate any of the above provisions related to abortions and involun-tary sterilizations. 
ALLOCATIONS  S
EC. 7019. (a) A LLOCATION TABLES .—Subject to subsection (b), funds appropriated by this Act under titles III through V shall be made available in the amounts specifically des-ignated in the respective tables included in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such designated amounts for foreign countries and international organizations shall serve as the amounts for such countries and international organizations transmitted to Congress in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (b) A
UTHORIZED DEVIATIONS .—Unless other-wise provided for by this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, as applicable, may only deviate up to 5 percent from the amounts specifically des-ignated in the respective tables included in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such percentage may be exceeded only to respond to significant, exigent, or unfore-seen events, or to address other exceptional circumstances directly related to the na-tional interest: Provided further, That devi-ations pursuant to the previous proviso shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (c) L
IMITATION .—For specifically des-ignated amounts that are included, pursuant to subsection (a), in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, no deviations authorized by sub-section (b) may take place until submission of such report. (d) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to— (1) amounts designated for ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’ in the re-spective tables included in the report accom-panying this Act; and (2) funds for which the initial period of availability has expired. REPRESENTATION AND ENTERTAINMENT  
EXPENSES  S
EC. 7020. (a) U SES OF FUNDS .—Each Fed-eral department, agency, or entity funded in titles I or II of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and independent agencies funded in titles III or VI of this Act, shall take steps to ensure that domestic and over-seas representation and entertainment ex-penses further official agency business and United States foreign policy interests— (1) are primarily for fostering relations outside of the Executive Branch; (2) are principally for meals and events of a protocol nature; (3) are not for employee-only events; and (4) do not include activities that are sub-stantially of a recreational character. (b) L
IMITATIONS .—None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Mili-tary Education and Training’’ or ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ for Informa-tional Program activities or under the head-ings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Develop-ment Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be obligated or ex-pended to pay for— (1) alcoholic beverages; or (2) entertainment expenses for activities that are substantially of a recreational char-acter, including but not limited to entrance fees at sporting events, theatrical and musi-cal productions, and amusement parks. 
PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO GOVERNMENTS  
SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM  S
EC. 7021. (a) L ETHAL MILITARY EQUIPMENT  E
XPORTS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to any foreign government which provides lethal military equipment to a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined supports international terrorism for purposes of sec-tion 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act: Provided, That the prohibition under this section with respect to a foreign govern-ment shall terminate 12 months after that government ceases to provide such military equipment: Provided further, That this sec-tion applies with respect to lethal military equipment provided under a contract entered into after October 1, 1997. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—Assistance restricted by paragraph (1) or any other similar provi-sion of law, may be furnished if the Presi-dent determines that to do so is important to the national interest of the United States. (3) R
EPORT .—Whenever the President makes a determination pursuant to para-graph (2), the President shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report with respect to the furnishing of such assistance, including a detailed explanation of the as-sistance to be provided, the estimated dollar amount of such assistance, and an expla-nation of how the assistance furthers United States national interest. (b) B
ILATERAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) L
IMITATIONS .—Funds appropriated for bilateral assistance in titles III through VI of this Act and funds appropriated under any such title in prior Acts making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be made available to any foreign government which the President determines— (A) grants sanctuary from prosecution to any individual or group which has com-mitted an act of international terrorism; (B) otherwise supports international ter-rorism; or (C) is controlled by an organization des-ignated as a terrorist organization under sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (2) WAIVER .—The President may waive the application of paragraph (1) to a government if the President determines that national se-curity or humanitarian reasons justify such waiver: Provided, That the President shall publish each such waiver in the Federal Reg-ister and, at least 15 days before the waiver takes effect, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the waiver (including the justification for the waiver) in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
AUTHORIZATION REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 7022. Funds appropriated by this Act, except funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Trade and Development Agency’’, may be obligated and expended notwithstanding sec-tion 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). 
DEFINITION OF PROGRAM , PROJECT , AND 
ACTIVITY  S
EC. 7023. For the purpose of titles II through VI of this Act ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall be defined at the appro-priations Act account level and shall include all appropriations and authorizations Acts funding directives, ceilings, and limitations with the exception that for the following ac-counts: ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Assist-ance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include country, regional, and central program level funding within each such account; and for the development assistance accounts of the United States Agency for International Development, ‘‘pro-gram, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include central, country, re-gional, and program level funding, either as— (1) justified to Congress; or (2) allocated by the Executive Branch in accordance with a report, to be provided to the Committees on Appropriations within 30 days of the enactment of this Act, as re-quired by section 653(a) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 or as modified pursuant to section 7019 of this Act. 
AUTHORITIES FOR THE PEACE CORPS , INTER - 
AMERICAN FOUNDATION AND UNITED STATES  
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION  S
EC. 7024. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, provisions of this or any other Act, including provisions contained in prior Acts authorizing or making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be construed to prohibit activities authorized by or con-ducted under the Peace Corps Act, the Inter- American Foundation Act or the African De-velopment Foundation Act: Provided, That prior to conducting activities in a country for which assistance is prohibited, the agen-cy shall consult with the Committees on Ap-propriations and report to such Committees within 15 days of taking such action. 
COMMERCE , TRADE AND SURPLUS COMMODITIES  S
EC. 7025. (a) W ORLD MARKETS .—None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for direct assistance and none of the funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00299 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6956 September 6, 2017 
otherwise made available to the Export-Im-port Bank and the Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation shall be obligated or ex-pended to finance any loan, any assistance, or any other financial commitments for es-tablishing or expanding production of any commodity for export by any country other than the United States, if the commodity is likely to be in surplus on world markets at the time the resulting productive capacity is expected to become operative and if the as-sistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity: Provided, That such prohibition shall not apply to the Ex-port-Import Bank if in the judgment of its Board of Directors the benefits to industry and employment in the United States are likely to outweigh the injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity, and the Chairman of the Board so notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further, That this sub-section shall not prohibit— (1) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Devel-opment Association, is not eligible for assist-ance from the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development, and does not ex-port on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (2) activities in a country the President de-termines is recovering from widespread con-flict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (b) E
XPORTS .—None of the funds appro-priated by this or any other Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be available for any testing or breeding feasibility study, variety im-provement or introduction, consultancy, publication, conference, or training in con-nection with the growth or production in a foreign country of an agricultural com-modity for export which would compete with a similar commodity grown or produced in the United States: Provided, That this sub-section shall not prohibit— (1) activities designed to increase food se-curity in developing countries where such activities will not have a significant impact on the export of agricultural commodities of the United States; (2) research activities intended primarily to benefit United States producers; (3) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Devel-opment Association, is not eligible for assist-ance from the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development, and does not ex-port on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (4) activities in a country the President de-termines is recovering from widespread con-flict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (c) I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive direc-tors of the international financial institu-tions, as defined in section 7034(o)(3) of this Act, to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such in-stitutions, using funds appropriated or made available by this Act, for the production or extraction of any commodity or mineral for export, if it is in surplus on world markets and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity. 
SEPARATE ACCOUNTS  S
EC. 7026. (a) S EPARATE ACCOUNTS FOR  L
OCAL CURRENCIES .— (1) A
GREEMENTS .—If assistance is furnished to the government of a foreign country under chapters 1 and 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 under agreements which result in the generation of local currencies of that coun-try, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall— (A) require that local currencies be depos-ited in a separate account established by that government; (B) enter into an agreement with that gov-ernment which sets forth— (i) the amount of the local currencies to be generated; and (ii) the terms and conditions under which the currencies so deposited may be utilized, consistent with this section; and (C) establish by agreement with that gov-ernment the responsibilities of USAID and that government to monitor and account for deposits into and disbursements from the separate account. (2) USES OF LOCAL CURRENCIES .—As may be agreed upon with the foreign government, local currencies deposited in a separate ac-count pursuant to subsection (a), or an equivalent amount of local currencies, shall be used only— (A) to carry out chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), for such pur-poses as— (i) project and sector assistance activities; or (ii) debt and deficit financing; or (B) for the administrative requirements of the United States Government. (3) P
ROGRAMMING ACCOUNTABILITY .—USAID shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the equivalent of the local currencies dis-bursed pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) from the separate account established pursuant to subsection (a)(1) are used for the purposes agreed upon pursuant to subsection (a)(2). (4) T
ERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE PRO -
GRAMS .—Upon termination of assistance to a country under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), any unencumbered balances of funds which re-main in a separate account established pur-suant to subsection (a) shall be disposed of for such purposes as may be agreed to by the government of that country and the United States Government. (5) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The USAID Administrator shall report as part of the congressional budget justification submitted to the Committees on Appropriations on the use of local currencies for the administrative requirements of the United States Govern-ment as authorized in subsection (a)(2)(B), and such report shall include the amount of local currency (and United States dollar equivalent) used or to be used for such pur-pose in each applicable country. (b) S
EPARATE ACCOUNTS FOR CASHTRANS -
FERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If assistance is made available to the government of a foreign country, under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as cash transfer assistance or as nonproject sector assistance, that country shall be required to maintain such funds in a separate account and not commingle with any other funds. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS OF  
LAW.—Such funds may be obligated and ex-pended notwithstanding provisions of law which are inconsistent with the nature of this assistance including provisions which are referenced in the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying House Joint Resolution 648 (House Report No. 98–1159). (3) N
OTIFICATION .—At least 15 days prior to obligating any such cash transfer or non-project sector assistance, the President shall submit a notification through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include a de-tailed description of how the funds proposed to be made available will be used, with a dis-cussion of the United States interests that will be served by such assistance (including, as appropriate, a description of the economic policy reforms that will be promoted by such assistance). (4) EXEMPTION .—Nonproject sector assist-ance funds may be exempt from the require-ments of paragraph (1) only through the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. 
ELIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7027. (a) A SSISTANCE THROUGH NON-
GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Restric- tions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organiza-tions from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapters 1, 10, 11, and 12 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’: Provided, That before using the au-thority of this subsection to furnish assist-ance in support of programs of nongovern-mental organizations, the President shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations pur-suant to the regular notification procedures, including a description of the program to be assisted, the assistance to be provided, and the reasons for furnishing such assistance: Provided further, That nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to alter any exist-ing statutory prohibitions against abortion or involuntary sterilizations contained in this or any other Act. (b) P
UBLIC LAW480.—During fiscal year 2018, restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict as-sistance under the Food for Peace Act (Pub-lic Law 83–480): Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to carry out title I of such Act and made available pursuant to this subsection may be obligated or expended except as provided through the regular noti-fication procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply— (1) with respect to section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 or any com-parable provision of law prohibiting assist-ance to countries that support international terrorism; or (2) with respect to section 116 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 or any com-parable provision of law prohibiting assist-ance to the government of a country that violates internationally recognized human rights. 
LOCAL COMPETITION  S
EC. 7028. (a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR EXCEP -
TIONS TO COMPETITION FOR LOCAL ENTITIES .— Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available to the United States Agency for International Development may only be made available for limited competitions through local entities if— (1) prior to the determination to limit competition to local entities, USAID has— (A) assessed the level of local capacity to effectively implement, manage, and account for programs included in such competition; and (B) documented the written results of the assessment and decisions made; and (2) prior to making an award after limiting competition to local entities— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00300 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6957 September 6, 2017 
(A) each successful local entity has been determined to be responsible in accordance with USAID guidelines; and (B) effective monitoring and evaluation systems are in place to ensure that award funding is used for its intended purposes; and (3) no level of acceptable fraud is assumed. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—In addition to the requirements of subsection (a)(1), the USAID Administrator shall report to the ap-propriate congressional committees not later than 45 days after the end of fiscal year 2018 on all awards subject to limited or no competition for local entities: Provided, That such report should be posted on the USAID Web site: Provided further, That the require-ments of this subsection shall only apply to awards in excess of $3,000,000 and sole source awards to local entities in excess of $2,000,000. 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  S
EC. 7029. (a) E VALUATIONS AND REPORT .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution adopts and im-plements a publicly available policy, includ-ing the strategic use of peer reviews and ex-ternal experts, to conduct independent, in- depth evaluations of the effectiveness of at least 25 percent of all loans, grants, pro-grams, and significant analytical non-lend-ing activities in advancing the institution’s goals of reducing poverty and promoting eq-uitable economic growth, consistent with relevant safeguards, to ensure that decisions to support such loans, grants, programs, and activities are based on accurate data and ob-jective analysis: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations on steps taken by the United States executive directors and the international financial institutions con-sistent with this subsection. (b) C
OMPENSATION .—None of the funds ap-propriated under title V of this Act may be made as payment to any international finan-cial institution while the United States exec-utive director to such institution is com-pensated by the institution at a rate which, together with whatever compensation such executive director receives from the United States, is in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, or while any alternate United States executive direc-tor to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a posi-tion at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (c) H
UMAN RIGHTS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States ex-ecutive director of each international finan-cial institution to seek to require that such institution conducts rigorous human rights due diligence and risk management, as ap-propriate, in connection with any loan, grant, policy, or strategy of such institution: Provided, That prior to voting on any such loan, grant, policy, or strategy the executive director shall consult with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, if the exec-utive director has reason to believe that such loan, grant, policy, or strategy could result in forced displacement or other viola-tion of human rights. (d) F
RAUD AND CORRUPTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each inter-national financial institution to promote in loan, grant, and other financing agreements improvements in borrowing countries’ finan-cial management and judicial capacity to in-vestigate, prosecute, and punish fraud and corruption. (e) WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that each such institution is effec-tively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices for the protection of whistleblowers from re-taliation, including best practices for— (1) protection against retaliation for inter-nal and lawful public disclosure; (2) legal burdens of proof; (3) statutes of limitation for reporting re-taliation; (4) access to independent adjudicative bod-ies, including external arbitration; and (5) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation. 
DEBT -FOR-DEVELOPMENT  S
EC. 7030. In order to enhance the contin-ued participation of nongovernmental orga-nizations in debt-for-development and debt- for-nature exchanges, a nongovernmental or-ganization which is a grantee or contractor of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development may place in interest bearing accounts local currencies which ac-crue to that organization as a result of eco-nomic assistance provided under title III of this Act and, subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations, any interest earned on such in-vestment shall be used for the purpose for which the assistance was provided to that or-ganization. 
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
TRANSPARENCY  S
EC. 7031. (a) L IMITATION ON DIRECT GOV-
ERNMENT -TO-GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for direct government-to-government assistance only if— (A)(i) each implementing agency or min-istry to receive assistance has been assessed and is considered to have the systems re-quired to manage such assistance and any identified vulnerabilities or weaknesses of such agency or ministry have been ad-dressed; (ii) the recipient agency or ministry em-ploys and utilizes staff with the necessary technical, financial, and management capa-bilities; (iii) the recipient agency or ministry has adopted competitive procurement policies and systems; (iv) effective monitoring and evaluation systems are in place to ensure that such as-sistance is used for its intended purposes; (v) no level of acceptable fraud is assumed; and (vi) the government of the recipient coun-try is taking steps to publicly disclose on an annual basis its national budget, to include income and expenditures; (B) the recipient government is in compli-ance with the principles set forth in section 7013 of this Act; (C) the recipient agency or ministry is not headed or controlled by an organization des-ignated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); (D) the Government of the United States and the government of the recipient country have agreed, in writing, on clear and achiev-able objectives for the use of such assistance, which should be made available on a cost-re-imbursable basis; and (E) the recipient government is taking steps to protect the rights of civil society, including freedoms of expression, associa-tion, and assembly. (2) CONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .—In ad- dition to the requirements in paragraph (1), no funds may be made available for direct government-to-government assistance with-out prior consultation with, and notification of, the Committees on Appropriations: Pro- vided, That such notification shall contain an explanation of how the proposed activity meets the requirements of paragraph (1): Pro- vided further, That the requirements of this paragraph shall only apply to direct govern-ment-to-government assistance in excess of $10,000,000 and all funds available for cash transfer, budget support, and cash payments to individuals. (3) S
USPENSION OF ASSISTANCE .—The Ad- ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development or the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall suspend any direct government-to-government assistance if the Administrator or the Secretary has credible information of material misuse of such assistance, unless the Administrator or the Secretary reports to the Committees on Appropriations that it is in the national in-terest of the United States to continue such assistance, including a justification, or that such misuse has been appropriately ad-dressed. (4) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of State shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations, concurrent with the fiscal year 2019 congressional budget jus-tification materials, amounts planned for as-sistance described in paragraph (1) by coun-try, proposed funding amount, source of funds, and type of assistance. (5) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act and 6 months thereafter until September 30, 2019, the USAID Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report that— (A) details all assistance described in para-graph (1) provided during the previous 6- month period by country, funding amount, source of funds, and type of such assistance; and (B) the type of procurement instrument or mechanism utilized and whether the assist-ance was provided on a reimbursable basis. (6) D
EBT SERVICE PAYMENT PROHIBITION .— None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the government of any for-eign country for debt service payments owed by any country to any international finan-cial institution: Provided, That for purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘international fi-nancial institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 7034(o)(3) of this Act. (b) N
ATIONAL BUDGET AND CONTRACT  T
RANSPARENCY .— (1) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS OF FISCAL  
TRANSPARENCY .—The Secretary of State shall continue to update and strengthen the ‘‘minimum requirements of fiscal trans-parency’’ for each government receiving as-sistance appropriated by this Act, as identi-fied in the report required by section 7031(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113– 76). (2) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of paragraph (1), ‘‘minimum requirements of fiscal trans-parency’’ are requirements consistent with those in subsection (a)(1), and the public dis-closure of national budget documentation (to include receipts and expenditures by min-istry) and government contracts and licenses for natural resource extraction (to include bidding and concession allocation practices). (3) D
ETERMINATION AND REPORT .—For each government identified pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, shall make or update any determination of ‘‘significant progress’’ or ‘‘no significant progress’’ in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00301 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6958 September 6, 2017 
meeting the minimum requirements of fiscal transparency, and make such determinations publicly available in an annual ‘‘Fiscal Transparency Report’’ to be posted on the Department of State Web site: Provided, That the Secretary shall identify the significant progress made by each such government to publicly disclose national budget docu-mentation, contracts, and licenses which are additional to such information disclosed in previous fiscal years, and include specific recommendations of short- and long-term steps such government should take to im-prove fiscal transparency: Provided further, That the annual report shall include a de-tailed description of how funds appropriated by this Act are being used to improve fiscal transparency, and identify benchmarks for measuring progress. (4) A
SSISTANCE .—Funds appropriated under title III of this Act shall be made available for programs and activities to assist govern-ments identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to improve budget transparency and to support civil society organizations in such countries that promote budget transparency: Provided, That such sums shall be in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Pro- vided further, That a description of the uses of such funds shall be included in the annual ‘‘Fiscal Transparency Report’’ required by paragraph (3). (c) A
NTI-KLEPTOCRACY AND HUMAN  R
IGHTS .— (1)(A) I
NELIGIBILITY .—Officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary of State has credible information have been involved in significant corruption, including corrup-tion related to the extraction of natural re-sources, or a gross violation of human rights shall be ineligible for entry into the United States. (B) The Secretary shall also publicly or privately designate or identify officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary has such credible information without regard to whether the individual has applied for a visa. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Individuals shall not be in-eligible if entry into the United States would further important United States law enforce-ment objectives or is necessary to permit the United States to fulfill its obligations under the United Nations Headquarters Agreement: Provided, That nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to derogate from United States Government obligations under applicable international agreements. (3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that the waiver would serve a compelling national interest or that the cir-cumstances which caused the individual to be ineligible have changed sufficiently. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report, including a clas-sified annex if necessary, to the Committees on Appropriations and the Committees on the Judiciary describing the information re-lated to corruption or violation of human rights concerning each of the individuals found ineligible in the previous 12 months pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) as well as the individuals who the Secretary designated or identified pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), or who would be ineligible but for the applica-tion of paragraph (2), a list of any waivers provided under paragraph (3), and the jus-tification for each waiver. (5) P
OSTING OF REPORT .—Any unclassified portion of the report required under para-graph (4) shall be posted on the Department of State Web site. (6) C
LARIFICATION .—For purposes of para-graphs (1)(B), (4), and (5), the records of the Department of State and of diplomatic and consular offices of the United States per-taining to the issuance or refusal of visas or permits to enter the United States shall not be considered confidential. (d) FOREIGN ASSISTANCE WEBSITE.—Funds appropriated by this Act under titles I and II, and funds made available for any inde-pendent agency in title III, as appropriate, shall be made available to support the provi-sion of additional information on United States Government foreign assistance on the Department of State foreign assistance Web site: Provided, That all Federal agencies funded under this Act shall provide such in-formation on foreign assistance, upon re-quest, to the Department of State. 
DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS  S
EC. 7032. (a) F UNDING .—Of the funds appro-priated by this Act, not less than $2,308,517,000 shall be made available for de-mocracy programs. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Funds made available by this Act for democracy programs may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, and with regard to the Na-tional Endowment for Democracy, any regu-lation. (c) D
EFINITION OF DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS .— For purposes of funds appropriated by this Act, the term ‘‘democracy programs’’ means programs that support good governance, credible and competitive elections, freedom of expression, association, assembly, and re-ligion, human rights, labor rights, inde-pendent media, and the rule of law, and that otherwise strengthen the capacity of demo-cratic political parties, governments, non-governmental organizations and institu-tions, and citizens to support the develop-ment of democratic states, and institutions that are responsive and accountable to citi-zens. (d) P
ROGRAM PRIORITIZATION .—Funds made available pursuant to this section that are made available for programs to strengthen government institutions shall be prioritized for those institutions that demonstrate a commitment to democracy and the rule of law, as determined by the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate. (e) R
ESTRICTION ON PRIOR APPROVAL .—With respect to the provision of assistance for de-mocracy programs in this Act, the organiza-tions implementing such assistance, the spe-cific nature of that assistance, and the par-ticipants in such programs shall not be sub-ject to the prior approval by the government of any foreign country: Provided, That the Secretary of State, in coordination with the USAID Administrator, shall report to the Committees on Appropriations, not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, detailing steps taken by the Department of State and USAID to comply with the re-quirements of this subsection. (f) C
ONTINUATION OF CURRENT PRACTICES .— USAID shall continue to implement civil so-ciety and political competition and con-sensus building programs abroad with funds appropriated by this Act in a manner that recognizes the unique benefits of grants and cooperative agreements in implementing such programs: Provided, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the ability of any entity, including United States small businesses, from competing for proposals for USAID-funded civil society and political competition and consensus building programs. (g) C
OMMUNICATION AND REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .— (1) I
NFORMING THE NATIONAL ENDOWMENT  
FOR DEMOCRACY .—The Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, and the Assistant Ad-ministrator for Democracy, Conflict, and Hu-manitarian Assistance, USAID, shall regu-larly inform the National Endowment for Democracy of democracy programs that are planned and supported by funds made avail-able by this Act and prior Acts making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. (2) REPORT ON FUNDING INSTRUMENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall each submit to the Committees on Appro-priations a report detailing the use of con-tracts, grants, and cooperative agreements in the conduct of democracy programs with funds made available by the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31), which shall include fund-ing level, account, program sector and sub-sector, and a brief summary of purpose. (3) R
EPORT ON PROGRAM CHANGES .—The Sec- retary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall report to the appro-priate congressional committees within 30 days of a decision to significantly change the objectives or the content of a democracy pro-gram or to close such a program due to the increasingly repressive nature of the host country government: Provided, That the re-port shall also include a strategy for con-tinuing support for democracy promotion, if such programming is feasible, and may be submitted in classified form, if necessary. 
INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  S
EC. 7033. (a) I NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS  F
REEDOM OFFICE AND SPECIAL ENVOY TO PRO-
MOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM .— (1) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’ shall be made available for the Office of International Religious Freedom, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, the Office of the Am-bassador-at-Large for International Reli-gious Freedom, and the Special Envoy to Promote Religious Freedom of Religious Mi-norities in the Near East and South Central Asia, as authorized in the Near East and South Central Asia Religious Freedom Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–161), including for sup-port staff at not less than the amounts speci-fied for such offices in the table under such heading in the report accompanying this Act. (2) Funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ and designated for the Office of International Re-ligious Freedom shall be made available for the development and implementation of an international religious freedom curriculum in accordance with section 708(a)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028). (b) A
SSISTANCE .— (1) I
NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM PRO -
GRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Democracy Fund’’ and available for the Human Rights and De-mocracy Fund (HRDF), not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for inter-national religious freedom programs. (2) P
ROTECTION AND INVESTIGATION PRO -
GRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for programs to protect vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities, includ-ing for assistance authorized by section 5 of H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emer-gency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017, as passed by the House of Representatives on June 6, 2017. (3) H
UMANITARIAN PROGRAMS .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00302 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6959 September 6, 2017 
made available for humanitarian assistance for vulnerable and persecuted religious mi-norities, including victims of genocide des-ignated by the Secretary of State and other groups that have suffered crimes against hu-manity and ethnic cleansing, to— (A) accelerate the implementation of an immediate, coordinated, and sustained re-sponse to provide humanitarian assistance; (B) enhance protection of conflict victims, including those facing a dire humanitarian crisis and severe persecution because of their faith or ethnicity; and (C) improve access to secure locations for obtaining humanitarian and resettlement services. (c) I
NTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Governors, Inter-national Broadcasting Operations’’ shall be made available for programs related to inter-national religious freedom, including report-ing on the condition of vulnerable and per-secuted religious groups. 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 7034. (a) V ICTIMS OF WAR, DISPLACED  C
HILDREN , AND DISPLACED BURMESE .—Funds appropriated in titles III and VI of this Act that are made available for victims of war, displaced children, displaced Burmese, and to combat trafficking in persons and assist victims of such trafficking, may be made available notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law. (b) L
AWENFORCEMENT AND SECURITY .— (1) C
HILD SOLDIERS .—Funds appropriated by this Act should not be used to support any military training or operations that include child soldiers. (2) D
ISARMAMENT , DEMOBILIZATION , AND RE -
INTEGRATION .—Section 7034(d) of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (di-vision J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (3) F
ORENSIC ASSISTANCE .— (A) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $6,500,000 shall be made available for forensic anthropology assist-ance related to the exhumation of mass graves and the identification of victims of war crimes, genocide, and crimes against hu-manity, including in Iraq, Guatemala, Co-lombia, El Salvador, Syria, and Sri Lanka, which shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. (B) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $6,000,000 shall be made available for DNA forensic technology programs to com-bat human trafficking in Central America and Mexico. (4) I
NTERNATIONAL PRISON CONDITIONS .— Section 7065 of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (5) R
ECONSTITUTING CIVILIAN POLICE AU -
THORITY .—In providing assistance with funds appropriated by this Act under section 660(b)(6) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, support for a nation emerging from in-stability may be deemed to mean support for regional, district, municipal, or other sub- national entity emerging from instability, as well as a nation emerging from instability. (6) S
ECURITY ASSISTANCE REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on funds obligated and expended during fis-cal year 2017, by country and purpose of as-sistance, under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘International Military Edu-cation and Training’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’. (7) FOREIGN MILITARY SALES AND FOREIGN  
MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM .— (A) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Mili-tary Financing Program’’ for the general costs of administering military assistance and sales shall be made available to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of programs authorized by Chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided, That prior to the obli-gation of funds for such purposes, the Sec-retary of State shall consult with the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (B) Q
UARTERLY STATUS REPORT .—Following the submission of the quarterly report re-quired by section 36 of Public Law 90–629 (22 U.S.C. 2776), the Secretary of State, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations a status report that contains the information described under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ in the report accompanying this Act. (c) W
ORLD FOODPROGRAMME .—Funds man-aged by the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International Development, from this or any other Act, may be made available as a general contribution to the World Food Programme. (d) D
IRECTIVES AND AUTHORITIES .— (1) R
ESEARCH AND TRAINING .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall be made available to carry out the Program for Research and Training on Eastern Europe and the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union as authorized by the Soviet-Eastern European Research and Training Act of 1983 (22 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.). (2) G
ENOCIDE VICTIMS MEMORIAL SITES AND  
TRIBUNALS .—Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be made available as contributions to establish and maintain memorial sites of genocide, subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—Of the amount made available under the heading ‘‘Diplo-matic and Consular Programs’’, not to ex-ceed $1,000,000 may be used to make grants to carry out the activities of the Cultural An-tiquities Task Force. (4) I
NNOVATION .—The USAID Administrator may use funds appropriated by this Act under title III to make innovation incentive awards: Provided, That each individual award may not exceed $100,000: Provided further, That no more than 10 such awards may be made during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That for purposes of this paragraph the term ‘‘innovation incentive award’’ means the provision of funding on a competitive basis that— (A) encourages and rewards the develop-ment of solutions for a particular, well-de-fined problem related to the alleviation of poverty; or (B) helps identify and promote a broad range of ideas and practices facilitating fur-ther development of an idea or practice by third parties. (5) R
EPORT .—The report required by sec-tion 502(d) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division N of Public Law 115–31) shall be provided to the Commit-tees on Appropriations. (e) P
ARTNER VETTING .—The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator may ini-tiate a partner vetting program to mitigate the risk of diversion of foreign assistance, or make significant modifications to any exist-ing partner vetting program, only following consultation with the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided, That the Secretary and Administrator should provide a direct vet-ting option for prime awardees in any part-ner vetting program initiated after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) CONTINGENCIES .—During fiscal year 2018, the President may use up to $125,000,000 under the authority of section 451 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (g) I
NTERNATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTIONS .—The Secretary of State should withhold funds ap-propriated under title III of this Act for as-sistance for the central government of any country that is not taking appropriate steps to comply with the Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abductions, done at the Hague on October 25, 1980: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of withholding funds under this sub-section. (h) C
ULTURAL PRESERVATION PROJECT DE-
TERMINATION .—None of the funds appro-priated in titles I and III of this Act may be used for the preservation of religious sites unless the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports to the Committees on Appropria-tions that such sites are historically, artis-tically, or culturally significant, that the purpose of the project is neither to advance nor to inhibit the free exercise of religion, and that the project is in the national inter-est of the United States. (i) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS FOR EXTRAOR -
DINARY PROTECTION .—The Secretary of State may transfer to, and merge with, funds under the heading ‘‘Protection of Foreign Missions and Officials’’ unobligated balances of expired funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’ for fiscal year 2018, except for funds designated for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, at no later than the end of the fifth fis-cal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated: Provided, That not more than $50,000,000 may be transferred. (j) G
REEN CLIMATE FUND PROHIBITION .— None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams may be made available as a contribu-tion, grant, or any other payment to the Green Climate Fund. (k) E
XTENSION OF AUTHORITIES .— (1) P
ASSPORT FEES .—Section 1(b)(2) of the Passport Act of June 4, 1920 (22 U.S.C. 214(b)(2)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2010’’. (2) I
NCENTIVES FOR CRITICAL POSTS .—The authority contained in section 1115(d) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Pub-lic Law 111–32) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2018. (3) USAID 
CIVIL SERVICE ANNUITANT WAIV -
ER.—Section 625(j)(1) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2385(j)(1)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘October 1, 2010’’ in subparagraph (B). (4) C
ATEGORICAL ELIGIBILITY .—The Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–167) is amended— (A) in section 599D (8 U.S.C. 1157 note)— (i) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, and 2018’’; and (ii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00303 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6960 September 6, 2017 
(B) in section 599E (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘2018’’. (5) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL ANNUITANT WAIV -
ER.—The authorities provided in section 1015(b) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–212) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2018. (6) E
XTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCKPILE  
AUTHORITY .— (A) Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (B) Section 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2018, and 2019’’. (l) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE AND THE UNITED  S
TATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Prior to implementing any reorga-nization of the Department of State or USAID, including any action taken pursuant to the March 13, 2017 Executive Order 13781 on a Comprehensive Plan for Reorganizing the Executive Branch, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees on such reorganiza-tion: Provided, That such report shall in-clude— (1) a detailed justification and analysis for each major element of such reorganization plans, including any proposals to— (A) eliminate or consolidate covered de-partments, agencies, or organizations, in-cluding bureaus and offices within such de-partments, agencies, or organizations, with duplicative or overlapping programs or mis-sions; (B) expand, reconfigure, eliminate, or con-solidate the United States official presence overseas, including through the disposal of excess property, at bilateral, regional, or multilateral embassies and missions; (C) reduce, modernize, or otherwise modify the workforce of the Department of State and USAID, including Civil Service and For-eign Service, eligible family members, and locally employed staff; and (D) improve the efficiency, effectiveness, performance, and accountability of the De-partment of State and USAID, including through modernizing information technology platforms and streamlining administrative functions; and (2) projections of cost savings and effi-ciencies achieved through implementation of each element, an analysis of the impact of any such change on the ability to advance the national interests of the United States through diplomacy and development and to conduct adequate monitoring and oversight of foreign assistance programs, and any leg-islative change necessary to implement such proposals. (m) HIV/AIDS W
ORKING CAPITAL FUND.— Funds available in the HIV/AIDS Working Capital Fund established pursuant to section 525(b)(1) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–477) may be made available for pharmaceuticals and other products for child survival, malaria, and tuberculosis to the same extent as HIV/ AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, subject to the terms and conditions in such section: Provided, That the authority in sec-tion 525(b)(5) of the Foreign Operations, Ex-port Financing, and Related Programs Ap-propriation Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–477) shall be exercised by the Assistant Adminis-trator for Global Health, USAID, with re-spect to funds deposited for such non-HIV/ AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, and shall be subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of State shall include in the congres-sional budget justification an accounting of budgetary resources, disbursements, bal-ances, and reimbursements related to such fund. (n) LOAN GUARANTEES .—Funds appro-priated under the headings ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eur-asia and Central Asia’’ by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of loan guarantees for Jordan, Ukraine, Iraq, Egypt, and Tunisia, which are authorized to be pro-vided: Provided, That amounts made avail-able under this paragraph for the costs of such guarantees shall not be considered as-sistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congres-sional committees, and the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That amounts made available pursuant to this subsection from prior Acts that were previously des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of such Act and shall be avail-able only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. (o) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) F
UNDS APPROPRIATED BY THIS ACT AND  
PRIOR ACTS .—Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term ‘‘funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams’’ means funds that remain available for obligation, and have not expired. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS .—In this Act ‘‘international financial institutions’’ means the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation, the Inter-American Development Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the Asian De-velopment Bank, the Asian Development Fund, the Inter-American Investment Cor-poration, the North American Development Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the African Development Bank, the African Development Fund, and the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency. (4) S
OUTHERN KORDOFAN REFERENCE .—Any reference to Southern Kordofan in this or any other Act making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be deemed to include portions of Western Kordofan that were pre-viously part of Southern Kordofan prior to the 2013 division of Southern Kordofan. (5) USAID.—In this Act, the term ‘‘USAID’’ means the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. (6) C
LARIFICATION .—Unless otherwise pro-vided for in this Act, for the purposes of this Act the terms ‘‘under this heading’’, ‘‘under the heading’’, ‘‘under the headings’’, or simi-lar phrases mean funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available under such heading or headings in all titles of this Act: Provided, That the term ‘‘under the heading in this title’’ or similar phrases means funds appro-priated or otherwise made available only in such title. (7) SPEND PLAN .—In this Act, the term ‘‘spend plan’’ means a plan for the uses of funds appropriated for a particular entity, country, program, purpose, or account and which shall include, at a minimum, a de-scription of— (A) realistic and sustainable goals and cri-teria for measuring progress and a timeline for achieving such goals; and (B) amounts and sources of funds by ac-count. 
ARAB LEAGUE BOYCOTT OF ISRAEL  S
EC. 7035. It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Arab League boycott of Israel, and the secondary boycott of American firms that have commercial ties with Israel, is an impediment to peace in the region and to United States investment and trade in the Middle East and North Africa; (2) the Arab League boycott, which was re-grettably reinstated in 1997, should be imme-diately and publicly terminated, and the Central Office for the Boycott of Israel im-mediately disbanded; (3) all Arab League states should normalize relations with their neighbor Israel; (4) the President and the Secretary of State should continue to vigorously oppose the Arab League boycott of Israel and find concrete steps to demonstrate that opposi-tion by, for example, taking into consider-ation the participation of any recipient country in the boycott when determining to sell weapons to said country; and (5) the President should report to Congress annually on specific steps being taken by the United States to encourage Arab League states to normalize their relations with Israel to bring about the termination of the Arab League boycott of Israel, including those to encourage allies and trading part-ners of the United States to enact laws pro-hibiting businesses from complying with the boycott and penalizing businesses that do comply. 
PALESTINIAN STATEHOOD  S
EC. 7036. (a) L IMITATION ON ASSISTANCE .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be provided to support a Palestinian state unless the Sec-retary of State determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) the governing entity of a new Pales-tinian state— (A) has demonstrated a firm commitment to peaceful co-existence with the State of Israel; and (B) is taking appropriate measures to counter terrorism and terrorist financing in the West Bank and Gaza, including the dis-mantling of terrorist infrastructures, and is cooperating with appropriate Israeli and other appropriate security organizations; and (2) the Palestinian Authority (or the gov-erning entity of a new Palestinian state) is working with other countries in the region to vigorously pursue efforts to establish a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace in the Middle East that will enable Israel and an independent Palestinian state to exist within the context of full and normal relationships, which should include— (A) termination of all claims or states of belligerency; (B) respect for and acknowledgment of the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and polit-ical independence of every state in the area 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00304 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6961 September 6, 2017 
through measures including the establish-ment of demilitarized zones; (C) their right to live in peace within se-cure and recognized boundaries free from threats or acts of force; (D) freedom of navigation through inter-national waterways in the area; and (E) a framework for achieving a just settle-ment of the refugee problem. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the governing entity should enact a constitution assuring the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and respect for human rights for its citizens, and should enact other laws and regulations assuring transparent and accountable governance. (c) W
AIVER .—The President may waive sub-section (a) if the President determines that it is important to the national security in-terest of the United States to do so. (d) E
XEMPTION .—The restriction in sub-section (a) shall not apply to assistance in-tended to help reform the Palestinian Au-thority and affiliated institutions, or the governing entity, in order to help meet the requirements of subsection (a), consistent with the provisions of section 7040 of this Act (‘‘Limitation on Assistance for the Pales-tinian Authority’’). 
RESTRICTIONS CONCERNING THE PALESTINIAN  
AUTHORITY  S
EC. 7037. None of the funds appropriated under titles II through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended to create in any part of Jerusalem a new office of any department or agency of the United States Government for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with the Pales-tinian Authority over Gaza and Jericho or any successor Palestinian governing entity provided for in the Israel-PLO Declaration of Principles: Provided, That this restriction shall not apply to the acquisition of addi-tional space for the existing Consulate Gen-eral in Jerusalem: Provided further, That meetings between officers and employees of the United States and officials of the Pales-tinian Authority, or any successor Pales-tinian governing entity provided for in the Israel-PLO Declaration of Principles, for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with such authority should continue to take place in locations other than Jerusalem: Provided further, That as has been true in the past, officers and em-ployees of the United States Government may continue to meet in Jerusalem on other subjects with Palestinians (including those who now occupy positions in the Palestinian Authority), have social contacts, and have incidental discussions. 
PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE  
PALESTINIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION  S
EC. 7038. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, technical sup-port, consulting services, or any other form of assistance to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation. 
ASSISTANCE FOR THE WEST BANK AND GAZA  S
EC. 7039. (a) O VERSIGHT .—For fiscal year 2018, 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Committees on Appropriations that procedures have been established to assure the Comptroller General of the United States will have access to appropriate United States financial information in order to review the uses of United States assistance for the Pro-gram funded under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for the West Bank and Gaza. (b) V
ETTING .—Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for as-sistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall take all appropriate steps to ensure that such assistance is not provided to or through any individual, pri-vate or government entity, or educational institution that the Secretary knows or has reason to believe advocates, plans, sponsors, engages in, or has engaged in, terrorist ac-tivity nor, with respect to private entities or educational institutions, those that have as a principal officer of the entity’s governing board or governing board of trustees any in-dividual that has been determined to be in-volved in, or advocating terrorist activity or determined to be a member of a designated foreign terrorist organization: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, as appropriate, establish procedures specifying the steps to be taken in carrying out this subsection and shall terminate assistance to any individual, entity, or educational institution which the Secretary has determined to be involved in or advocating terrorist activity. (c) PROHIBITION .— (1) R
ECOGNITION OF ACTS OF TERRORISM .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act for assistance under the West Bank and Gaza Program may be made available for the purpose of recog-nizing or otherwise honoring individuals who commit, or have committed acts of ter-rorism. (2) S
ECURITY ASSISTANCE AND REPORTING RE -
QUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, none of the funds made avail-able by this or prior appropriations Acts, in-cluding funds made available by transfer, may be made available for obligation for se-curity assistance for the West Bank and Gaza until the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations on the benchmarks that have been established for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza and reports on the extent of Pales-tinian compliance with such benchmarks. (d) A
UDITS BY THE UNITED STATES AGENCY  
FORINTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT .— (1) The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall ensure that Federal or non-Federal audits of all contractors and grantees, and significant subcontractors and sub-grantees, under the West Bank and Gaza Program, are conducted at least on an annual basis to ensure, among other things, compliance with this section. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act up to $500,000 may be used by the Office of In-spector General of the United States Agency for International Development for audits, in-spections, and other activities in furtherance of the requirements of this subsection: Pro- vided, That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  S
TATES AUDIT.—Subsequent to the certifi-cation specified in subsection (a), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct an audit and an investigation of the treatment, handling, and uses of all funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, including any funds provided as cash transfer assistance, in fiscal year 2018 under the head-ing ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and such audit shall address— (1) the extent to which such Program com-plies with the requirements of subsections (b) and (c); and (2) an examination of all programs, projects, and activities carried out under such Program, including both obligations and expenditures. (f) N
OTIFICATION PROCEDURES .—Funds made available in this Act for West Bank and Gaza shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropria-tions. (g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations updating the report contained in section 2106 of chapter 2 of title II of the Emergency Supplemental Appro-priations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsunami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13). LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE FOR THE  
PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY  S
EC. 7040. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be obligated or expended with respect to pro-viding funds to the Palestinian Authority. (b) W
AIVER .—The prohibition included in subsection (a) shall not apply if the Presi-dent certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Commit-tees on Appropriations that waiving such prohibition is important to the national se-curity interest of the United States. (c) P
ERIOD OF APPLICATION OF WAIVER .— Any waiver pursuant to subsection (b) shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORT .—Whenever the waiver author-ity pursuant to subsection (b) is exercised, the President shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing the justification for the waiver, the purposes for which the funds will be spent, and the ac-counting procedures in place to ensure that the funds are properly disbursed: Provided, That the report shall also detail the steps the Palestinian Authority has taken to ar-rest terrorists, confiscate weapons and dis-mantle the terrorist infrastructure. (e) C
ERTIFICATION .—If the President exer-cises the waiver authority under subsection (b), the Secretary of State must certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations prior to the obligation of funds that the Pal-estinian Authority has established a single treasury account for all Palestinian Author-ity financing and all financing mechanisms flow through this account, no parallel fi-nancing mechanisms exist outside of the Pal-estinian Authority treasury account, and there is a single comprehensive civil service roster and payroll, and the Palestinian Au-thority is acting to counter incitement of vi-olence against Israelis and is supporting ac-tivities aimed at promoting peace, coexist-ence, and security cooperation with Israel. (f) P
ROHIBITION TO HAMAS AND THE PAL-
ESTINE LIBERATION ORGANIZATION .— (1) None of the funds appropriated in titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated for salaries of personnel of the Palestinian Authority located in Gaza or may be obli-gated or expended for assistance to Hamas or any entity effectively controlled by Hamas, any power-sharing government of which Hamas is a member, or that results from an agreement with Hamas. (2) Notwithstanding the limitation of para-graph (1), assistance may be provided to a power-sharing government only if the Presi-dent certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government, in-cluding all of its ministers or such equiva-lent, has publicly accepted and is complying with the principles contained in section 620K(b)(1) (A) and (B) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as amended. (3) The President may exercise the author-ity in section 620K(e) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961, as added by the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 446) with respect to this subsection. (4) Whenever the certification pursuant to paragraph (2) is exercised, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations within 120 days of the certification and every quarter thereafter on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00305 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6962 September 6, 2017 
whether such government, including all of its ministers or such equivalent are con-tinuing to comply with the principles con-tained in section 620K(b)(1) (A) and (B) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended: Provided, That the report shall also detail the amount, purposes and delivery mecha-nisms for any assistance provided pursuant to the abovementioned certification and a full accounting of any direct support of such government. (5) None of the funds appropriated under ti-tles III through VI of this Act may be obli-gated for assistance for the Palestine Libera-tion Organization. 
MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA  S
EC. 7041. (a) E GYPT .— (1) C
ERTIFICATION AND REPORT .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act that are available for assistance for Egypt may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law restricting assistance for Egypt, except for this subsection and section 620M of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, and may only be made available for assistance for the Govern-ment of Egypt if the Secretary of State cer-tifies and reports to the Committees on Ap-propriations that such government is— (A) sustaining the strategic relationship with the United States; and (B) meeting its obligations under the 1979 Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty. (2) R
EPORT ON GOVERNANCE .— (A) Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter until September 30, 2018, the Secretary of State shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on steps taken by the Govern-ment of Egypt to— (i) advance democracy and human rights in Egypt, including to govern democratically and protect the rights of religious minorities and women; (ii) implement reforms that protect free-doms of expression, association, and peaceful assembly, including the ability of civil soci-ety organizations and the media to function without interference; and (iii) improve the transparency and ac-countability of security forces. (B) The report required by subparagraph (A) may be provided in classified form if nec-essary. (3) E
CONOMIC SUPPORT FUND .— (A) F
UNDING .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’, not less than $150,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Egypt, sub-ject to prior consultation with the appro-priate congressional committees and the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations and section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided, That such funds may be made available for democracy programs and for development programs in the Sinai: Provided further, That such funds may not be made available for cash transfer assistance or budget support unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Egypt is taking consistent and effective steps to sta-bilize the economy and implement market- based economic reforms. (B) W
ITHHOLDING .—The Secretary of State shall withhold from obligation funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ for assistance for Egypt, an amount of such funds that the Sec-retary determines to be equivalent to that expended by the United States Government for bail, and by nongovernmental organiza-tions for legal and court fees, associated with democracy-related trials in Egypt until the Secretary certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Gov-ernment of Egypt has dismissed the convic-tions issued by the Cairo Criminal Court on June 4, 2013, in ‘‘Public Prosecution Case No. 1110 for the Year 2012’’. (4) FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PRO -
GRAM .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financ-ing Program’’, $1,300,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, shall be made available for assistance for Egypt, which may be transferred to an interest bearing ac-count in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, following consultation with the Com-mittees on Appropriations. (5) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on any plan to restructure military assistance for Egypt. (b) I
RAN.— (1) F
UNDING .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-ter-rorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ shall be used by the Secretary of State— (A) to support the United States policy to prevent Iran from achieving the capability to produce or otherwise obtain a nuclear weapon; (B) to support an expeditious response to any violation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231; (C) to support the implementation and en-forcement of sanctions against Iran for sup-port of terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missile and weapons proliferation; and (D) for democracy programs for Iran, to be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. (2) C
ONTINUATION OF PROHIBITION .—The terms and conditions of paragraph (2) of sec-tion 7041(c) in division I of Public Law 112–74 shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (3) R
EPORTS .— (A) The Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the semi- annual report required by section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 2160e(d)(4)). (B) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the status of the implementation and en-forcement of bilateral United States and multilateral sanctions against Iran and ac-tions taken by the United States and the international community to enforce such sanctions against Iran: Provided, That the re-port shall also include any entities involved in providing significant support for the de-velopment of a ballistic missile by the Gov-ernment of Iran after October 1, 2015, includ-ing shipping and financing, and note whether such entities are currently under United States sanctions: Provided further, That such report shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. (c) I
RAQ.— (1) P
URPOSES .—Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for assistance for Iraq to promote governance, security, and internal and regional stability, including in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq and other areas impacted by the conflict in Syria, and among religious and ethnic minority popu-lations in Iraq. (2) E
XPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL PRO -
GRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti- terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ shall be made available for explosive ord-nance disposal programs in areas liberated from extremist organizations in Iraq. (3) KURDISTAN REGION .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Narcotics Con-trol and Law Enforcement’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ that are avail-able for assistance for Iraq shall be made available to enhance the capacity of Kurdistan Regional Government security services and for security programs in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq to address require-ments arising from the violence in Syria and Iraq: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appro-priations prior to obligating such funds. (B) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Disaster Assist-ance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assist-ance’’ should be made available for assist-ance for the Kurdistan Region of Iraq to ad-dress the needs of internally displaced per-sons (IDPs) and refugees: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ shall be made available for programs to mitigate the impact of such IDPs and refugees in such Re-gion, including for assistance for commu-nities hosting such persons. (4) B
ASING RIGHTS AGREEMENT .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Govern-ment of the United States to enter into a permanent basing rights agreement between the United States and Iraq. (d) J
ORDAN .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $1,280,000,000 shall be made available for as-sistance for Jordan, of which not less than $475,000,000 shall be for budget support for the Government of Jordan. (e) L
EBANON .— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be made available for the Lebanese Internal Security Forces (ISF) or the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) if the ISF or the LAF is controlled by a foreign terrorist organization, as designated pursu-ant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Fi-nancing Program’’ that are available for as-sistance for Lebanon may be made available for programs and equipment for the ISF and the LAF to address security and stability re-quirements in areas affected by the conflict in Syria, following consultation with the ap-propriate congressional committees. (3) F
OREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PRO -
GRAM .—In addition to the activities de-scribed in paragraph (2), funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Mili-tary Financing Program’’ for assistance for Lebanon may be made available only to pro-fessionalize the LAF and to strengthen bor-der security and combat terrorism, including training and equipping the LAF to secure Lebanon’s borders, interdicting arms ship-ments, preventing the use of Lebanon as a safe haven for terrorist groups, and to imple-ment United Nations Security Council Reso-lution 1701: Provided, That funds may not be obligated for assistance for the LAF until the Secretary of State submits to the Com-mittees on Appropriations a spend plan, in-cluding actions to be taken to ensure equip-ment provided to the LAF is only used for the intended purposes, except such plan may not be considered as meeting the notifica-tion requirements under section 7015 of this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, and shall be submitted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00306 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6963 September 6, 2017 
not later than September 1, 2018: Provided further, That any notification submitted pur-suant to such sections shall include any funds specifically intended for lethal mili-tary equipment. (f) L
IBYA.— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central Government of Libya unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropria-tions that such government is cooperating with United States Government efforts to in-vestigate and bring to justice those respon-sible for the attack on United States per-sonnel and facilities in Benghazi, Libya in September 2012: Provided, That the limita-tion in this paragraph shall not apply to funds made available for the purpose of pro-tecting United States Government personnel or facilities. (2) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds made available by this Act for assistance for Libya, the Sec-retary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations that all practicable steps have been taken to ensure that mechanisms are in place for moni-toring, oversight, and control of funds made available by this subsection for assistance for Libya. (3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary of State shall promptly inform the ap-propriate congressional committees of each instance in which assistance provided pursu-ant to this subsection has been diverted or destroyed, to include the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an explanation of the response of the Department of State. (g) M
OROCCO .—Funds appropriated under title III of this Act that are made available for assistance for Morocco shall also be made available for assistance for any region or ter-ritory administered by Morocco, including the Western Sahara: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act and prior to the obligation of such funds, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the proposed uses of such funds based on the requirements described under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (h) R
EFUGEE ASSISTANCE IN NORTH AFRI-
CA.—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the Executive Director of the World Food Programme, shall take all practicable steps to strengthen monitoring of the delivery of humanitarian assistance provided for refugees in North Africa, includ-ing the establishment of registration sys-tems where they do not exist and any other efforts to ensure that all vulnerable refugees are receiving such assistance. (i) S
TRATEGY REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a strat-egy for United States engagement in North Africa, which shall include detailed informa-tion on how diplomatic engagement and as-sistance will be prioritized for such region, including to address economic and security needs. (j) S
YRIA.— (1) N
ON-LETHAL ASSISTANCE .—Funds appro-priated under title III of this Act shall be made available, to the extent practicable and notwithstanding any other provision of law, for non-lethal assistance for programs to address the needs of civilians affected by conflict in Syria, and for programs that seek to— (A) establish governance in Syria that is representative, inclusive, and accountable; (B) empower women through political and economic programs, and address the psycho-social needs of women and their families in Syria and neighboring countries; (C) develop and implement political proc-esses that are democratic, transparent, and strengthen the rule of law; (D) further the legitimacy and viability of the Syrian opposition through cross-border programs; (E) develop and sustain civil society and independent media in Syria; (F) promote stability and economic devel-opment in Syria; (G) document, investigate, and prosecute human rights violations in Syria, including through transitional justice programs and support for nongovernmental organizations; (H) expand the role of women in negotia-tions to end the violence and in any political transition in Syria; (I) assist Syrian refugees whose education has been interrupted by the ongoing conflict to complete higher education requirements at universities and other academic institu-tions in the region, and through distance learning; (J) assist vulnerable populations in Syria and in neighboring countries; (K) protect and preserve the cultural iden-tity of the people of Syria as a counter-balance to extremism, particularly those liv-ing in neighboring countries and among youth; (L) protect and preserve cultural heritage sites in Syria, particularly those damaged and destroyed by extremists; and (M) counter extremism in Syria. (2) STRATEGY UPDATE .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for as-sistance for Syria pursuant to the authority of this subsection may only be made avail-able after the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the heads of relevant United States Government agencies, submits, in classified form if necessary, an update to the comprehensive strategy required in section 7041(i)(3) of Public Law 113–76. (3) M
ONITORING AND OVERSIGHT .—Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for Syria, the Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of such assistance inside Syria: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall promptly in-form the appropriate congressional commit-tees of each instance in which assistance provided pursuant to this subsection has been diverted or destroyed, to include the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an explanation of the response of the Depart-ment of State. (4) C
ONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Funds made available pursuant to this sub-section may only be made available fol-lowing consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, and shall be sub-ject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (k) T
UNISIA .—Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $165,400,000 shall be made available for assistance for Tunisia. (l) W
ESTBANK AND GAZA.— (1) R
EPORT ON ASSISTANCE .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’ for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations that the purpose of such assistance is to— (A) advance Middle East peace; (B) improve security in the region; (C) continue support for transparent and accountable government institutions; (D) promote a private sector economy; or (E) address urgent humanitarian needs. (2) LIMITATIONS .— (A) None of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in this Act may be made available for assist-ance for the Palestinian Authority, if after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the Palestinians obtain the same stand-ing as member states or full membership as a state in the United Nations or any special-ized agency thereof outside an agreement ne-gotiated between Israel and the Palestinians; or (ii) the Palestinians initiate an Inter-national Criminal Court (ICC) judicially au-thorized investigation, or actively support such an investigation, that subjects Israeli nationals to an investigation for alleged crimes against Palestinians. (B)(i) The President may waive the provi-sions of section 1003 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (Public Law 100–204) if the President deter-mines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate, and the ap-propriate congressional committees that the Palestinians have not, after the date of en-actment of this Act— (I) obtained in the United Nations or any specialized agency thereof the same standing as member states or full membership as a state outside an agreement negotiated be-tween Israel and the Palestinians; and (II) initiated or actively supported an ICC investigation against Israeli nationals for al-leged crimes against Palestinians. (ii) Not less than 90 days after the Presi-dent is unable to make the certification pur-suant to clause (i) of this subparagraph, the President may waive section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 if the President determines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Committees on Appropriations that the Palestinians have entered into direct and meaningful negotia-tions with Israel: Provided, That any waiver of the provisions of section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 under clause (i) of this subpara-graph or under previous provisions of law must expire before the waiver under the pre-ceding sentence may be exercised. (iii) Any waiver pursuant to this subpara-graph shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (3) R
EDUCTION .—The Secretary of State shall reduce the amount of assistance made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for the Pales-tinian Authority by an amount the Sec-retary determines is equivalent to the amount expended by the Palestinian Author-ity, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations with such entities for payments to individ-uals and the families of such individuals who are imprisoned for acts of terrorism or who died committing such acts during the pre-vious calendar year: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall report to the appropriate con-gressional committees on the amount re-duced for fiscal year 2018 prior to the obliga-tion of funds for the Palestinian Authority: Provided further, That the report required by the previous proviso shall also include steps taken to prevent any such payments. (4) S
ECURITY REPORT .—The reporting re-quirements contained in section 1404 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–252) shall apply to funds made available by this Act, including a description of modifications, if any, to the security strategy of the Palestinian Authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00307 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6964 September 6, 2017 
(5) I NCITEMENT REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees de-tailing steps taken by the Palestinian Au-thority to counter incitement of violence against Israelis and to promote peace and co-existence with Israel. 
AFRICA  S
EC. 7042. (a) A FRICAN GREAT LAKES REGION  A
SSISTANCE RESTRICTION .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Inter-national Military Education and Training’’ for the central government of a country in the African Great Lakes region may be made available only for Expanded International Military Education and Training and profes-sional military education until the Sec-retary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is not facilitating or otherwise participating in destabilizing activities in a neighboring country, including aiding and abetting armed groups. (b) B
OKO HARAM .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assist-ance for Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nige-ria— (1) shall be made available for assistance for women and girls who are targeted by the terrorist organization Boko Haram, con-sistent with the provisions of section 7059 of this Act, and for individuals displaced by Boko Haram violence; and (2) may be made available for counterter-rorism programs to combat Boko Haram. (c) C
ENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC .—Funds made available by this Act for assistance for the Central African Republic shall be made available for reconciliation and peacebuilding programs, including activities to promote inter-faith dialogue at the na-tional and local levels, and for programs to prevent crimes against humanity. (d) L
ORD’SRESISTANCE ARMY.—Funds ap-propriated by this Act shall be made avail-able for programs and activities in areas af-fected by the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) consistent with the goals of the Lord’s Re-sistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act (Public Law 111–172), including to improve physical access, tele-communications infrastructure, and early- warning mechanisms and to support the dis-armament, demobilization, and reintegra-tion of former LRA combatants, especially child soldiers. (e) M
ALAWI .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Development Assistance’’, not less than $56,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Malawi, of which $10,000,000 shall be made available for higher education programs. (f) S
OUTH SUDAN .— (1) S
TRATEGY UPDATE .—Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act the Sec-retary of State, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit an update to the strategy required in section 7042(i) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31). (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—None of the funds ap-propriated by this Act that are available for assistance for the central Government of South Sudan may be made available until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is taking effective steps to— (A) end hostilities and pursue good faith negotiations for a political settlement of the conflict; (B) provide access for humanitarian orga-nizations; (C) end the recruitment and use of child soldiers; (D) protect freedoms of expression, associa-tion, and assembly; (E) reduce corruption related to the extrac-tion and sale of oil and gas; (F) establish democratic institutions; (G) establish accountable military and po-lice forces under civilian authority; and (H) investigate and prosecute individuals credibly alleged to have committed gross violations of human rights, including at the Terrain compound in Juba, South Sudan on July 11, 2016. (3) EXCLUSIONS .—The limitation of para-graph (2) shall not apply to— (A) humanitarian assistance; (B) assistance to support South Sudan peace negotiations or to advance or imple-ment a peace agreement; and (C) assistance to support implementation of outstanding issues of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and mutual arrangements related to such Agreement. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—Prior to the initial ob-ligation of funds made available for the cen-tral Government of South Sudan pursuant to paragraphs (3)(B) and (C), the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the intended uses of such funds, steps taken by such government to ad-vance or implement a peace agreement, and progress made by the Government of South Sudan in meeting the requirements in para-graph (2). (g) S
UDAN .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds ap-propriated by this Act may be made avail-able for assistance for the Government of Sudan. (2) L
IMITATION ON LOANS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of modifying loans and loan guarantees held by the Government of Sudan, including the cost of selling, reducing, or canceling amounts owed to the United States, and modifying concessional loans, guarantees, and credit agreements. (3) E
XCLUSIONS .—The limitations of para-graphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to— (A) humanitarian assistance; (B) assistance for democracy programs; (C) assistance for the Darfur region, South-ern Kordofan State, Blue Nile State, other marginalized areas and populations in Sudan, and Abyei; and (D) assistance to support implementation of outstanding issues of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, mutual arrangements re-lated to post-referendum issues associated with such Agreement, or any other inter-nationally recognized viable peace agree-ment in Sudan. (h) Z
IMBABWE .— (1) I
NSTRUCTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States ex-ecutive director of each international finan-cial institution to vote against any exten-sion by the respective institution of any loan or grant to the Government of Zimbabwe, ex-cept to meet basic human needs or to pro-mote democracy, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Commit-tees on Appropriations that the rule of law has been restored, including respect for own-ership and title to property, and freedoms of expression, association, and assembly. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act shall be made available for assistance for the central Government of Zimbabwe, except for health and education, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports as required in paragraph (1), and funds may be made available for macro-economic growth assistance if the Secretary reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is implementing transparent fiscal policies, including public disclosure of revenues from the extraction of natural resources. EAST ASIA AND THE PACIFIC  S
EC. 7043. (a) B
URMA .— (1) B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for assistance for Burma may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for this subsection, and following con-sultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (B) Funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for Burma— (i) shall be made available to strengthen civil society organizations in Burma and for programs to strengthen independent media; (ii) shall be made available for community- based organizations operating in Thailand to provide food, medical, and other humani-tarian assistance to internally displaced per-sons in eastern Burma, in addition to assist-ance for Burmese refugees from funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Mi-gration and Refugee Assistance’’; (iii) shall be made available for programs to promote ethnic and religious tolerance, including in Rakhine and Kachin states; (iv) shall be made available to promote rural economic development in Burma, in-cluding through microfinance and sustain-able power generation programs; (v) shall be made available to increase op-portunities for foreign direct investment by strengthening the rule of law, transparency, and accountability; (vi) may not be made available to any indi-vidual or organization if the Secretary of State has credible information that such in-dividual or organization has committed a gross violation of human rights, including against Rohingya and other minority groups, or that advocates violence against ethnic or religious groups and individuals in Burma; (vii) may not be made available to any or-ganization or entity controlled by the mili-tary of Burma; and (viii) may be made available for programs administered by the Office of Transition Ini-tiatives, United States Agency for Inter-national Development, for ethnic groups and civil society in Burma to help sustain ceasefire agreements and further prospects for reconciliation and peace, which may in-clude support to representatives of ethnic armed groups for this purpose. (2) I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE .— None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’ and ‘‘Foreign Mili-tary Financing Program’’ may be made available for assistance for Burma: Provided, That the Department of State may continue consultations with the armed forces of Burma only on human rights and disaster re-sponse in a manner consistent with the prior fiscal year, and following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (3) P
ROGRAMS , POSITION , AND RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .— (A) Any new program or activity in Burma initiated in fiscal year 2017 shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (B) Section 7043(b)(7) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (b) C
AMBODIA .— (1) C
ONDITIONS ON ASSISTANCE .—Of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act that are made available for assistance for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00308 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6965 September 6, 2017 
the central Government of Cambodia, 25 per-cent shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government— (A) is taking effective steps to strengthen regional security and stability, particularly regarding territorial disputes in the South China Sea; (B) has ceased efforts to intimidate civil society and the political opposition in Cam-bodia, is credibly investigating the murder of social and political activists, and is tak-ing actions to address the concerns detailed in the September 14, 2016 United Nations Human Rights Situation in Cambodia—Joint Statement; and (C) is supporting the conduct of free and fair elections in Cambodia through a non- partisan election commission; fair election processes; credible post-election dispute res-olution mechanisms; open and inclusive par-ticipation, to include the return of exiled former opposition leaders; and respect for freedoms of assembly and speech. (2) K
HMER ROUGE TRIBUNAL .—Funds appro-priated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Cambodia may only be made available for a contribution to the Ex-traordinary Chambers in the Court of Cam-bodia if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such contribution is in the national interest of the United States and will support the prosecution and punishment of individuals responsible for genocide in Cambodia in a credible manner. (c) N
ORTH KOREA .— (1) B
ROADCASTS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Broadcasting Operations’’ shall be made available to maintain broadcasting hours into North Korea at levels not less than the prior fiscal year. (2) R
EFUGEES .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Migration and Ref-ugee Assistance’’ should be made available for assistance for refugees from North Korea, including protection activities in the Peo-ple’s Republic of China and other countries in Asia. (3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ may be made available for assistance for the Gov-ernment of North Korea. (d) P
EOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF CHINA.— (1) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ in this Act may be obligated or expended for proc-essing licenses for the export of satellites of United States origin (including commercial satellites and satellite components) to the People’s Republic of China (PRC) unless, at least 15 days in advance, the Committees on Appropriations are notified of such proposed action. (2) P
EOPLE ’S LIBERATION ARMY .—The terms and requirements of section 620(h) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall apply to foreign assistance projects or activities of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) of the PRC, to include such projects or activities by any entity that is owned or controlled by, or an affiliate of, the PLA: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act may be used to finance any grant, contract, or coop-erative agreement with the PLA, or any en-tity that the Secretary of State has reason to believe is owned or controlled by, or an af-filiate of, the PLA. (3) C
OUNTER INFLUENCE PROGRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act for public diplo-macy under title I and for assistance under titles III and IV shall be made available to counter the influence of the PRC, in accord-ance with the strategy required by section 7043(e)(3) of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76), following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (4) PROHIBITION .— (A) None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Pro-grams’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ may be made available for assistance for the Government of the People’s Republic of China. (B) The limitation of subparagraph (A) shall not apply to assistance described in paragraph (2) of subsection (f) of this section and for programs to detect, prevent, and treat infectious disease. (e) P
HILIPPINES .—Prior to the initial obli-gation of funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for the Philippines, but not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include the information required under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (f) T
IBET.— (1) F
INANCING OF PROJECTS IN TIBET .—The Secretary of the Treasury should instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to sup-port financing of projects in Tibet if such projects do not provide incentives for the mi-gration and settlement of non-Tibetans into Tibet or facilitate the transfer of ownership of Tibetan land and natural resources to non-Tibetans, are based on a thorough needs- assessment, foster self-sufficiency of the Ti-betan people and respect Tibetan culture and traditions, and are subject to effective moni-toring. (2) P
ROGRAMS FOR TIBETAN COMMUNITIES .— (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ shall be made available to nongovernmental orga-nizations to support activities which pre-serve cultural traditions and promote sus-tainable development, education, and envi-ronmental conservation in Tibetan commu-nities in the Tibetan Autonomous Region and in other Tibetan communities in China. (B) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ shall be made available for programs to promote and preserve Tibetan culture, development, and the resilience of Tibetan communities in India and Nepal, and to assist in the edu-cation and development of the next genera-tion of Tibetan leaders from such commu-nities: Provided, That such funds are in addi-tion to amounts made available in subpara-graph (A) for programs inside Tibet. 
SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIA  S
EC. 7044. (a) A FGHANISTAN .— (1) P
ERSONNEL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act and every 120 days thereafter until September 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit a report, in classified form if necessary, to the appro-priate congressional committees detailing by agency the number of personnel present in Afghanistan under Chief of Mission author-ity per section 3927 of title 22, United States Code, at the end of the 120 day period pre-ceding the submission of such report: Pro- vided, That such report shall also include the number of locally employed staff and con-tractors supporting United States Embassy operations in Afghanistan during the report-ing period. (2) A
SSISTANCE AND CONDITIONS .— (A) F
UNDING AND LIMITATIONS .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’ may be made available for assistance for Afghanistan: Provided, That such funds may not be obligated for any project or ac-tivity that— (i) includes the participation of any Afghan individual or organization, including govern-ment entity, that the Secretary of State de-termines to be involved in corrupt practices, illicit narcotics production or trafficking, or a violation of human rights; (ii) cannot be sustained, as appropriate, by the Government of Afghanistan or another Afghan entity; (iii) is not regularly accessible for the pur-poses of conducting effective oversight in ac-cordance with applicable Federal statutes and regulations; (iv) initiates any new, major infrastructure development; or (v) legitimizes the Taliban or other ex-tremist organizations in areas not under the control of the Government of Afghanistan. (B) CERTIFICATION AND REPORT .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ for assist-ance for the central Government of Afghani-stan, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations, after consultation with the Government of Afghanistan, that— (i) goals and benchmarks for the specific uses of such funds have been established by the Governments of the United States and Afghanistan; (ii) conditions are in place that increase the transparency and accountability of the Government of Afghanistan for funds obli-gated under the New Development Partner-ship or other incentive-based programs; (iii) the Government of Afghanistan is im-plementing laws and policies to govern democratically and protect the rights of in-dividuals, civil society, and the media; (iv) the Government of Afghanistan is tak-ing consistent steps to protect and advance the rights of women and girls in Afghani-stan; (v) the Government of Afghanistan is effec-tively implementing a whole-of-government, anti-corruption strategy that has been en-dorsed by the High Council on Rule of Law and Anti-Corruption, as agreed to at the Brussels Conference on Afghanistan in Octo-ber 2016, and is prosecuting individuals al-leged to be involved in corrupt or illegal ac-tivities in Afghanistan; (vi) monitoring and oversight frameworks for programs implemented with such funds are in accordance with all applicable audit policies of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International De-velopment, including in areas under the con-trol of the Taliban or other extremist orga-nizations; (vii) the necessary policies and procedures are in place to ensure Government of Af-ghanistan compliance with section 7013 of this Act, ‘‘Prohibition on Taxation of United States Assistance’’; and (viii) the Government of Afghanistan is publicly reporting its national budget, in-cluding revenues and expenditures. (C) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of State may waive the certification requirement of sub-paragraph (B) if the Secretary determines that to do so is important to the national se-curity interest of the United States and the Secretary submits a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations, in classified form if necessary, on the justification for the waiver and the reasons why any of the requirements of subparagraph (B) cannot be met. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00309 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6966 September 6, 2017 
(D) P ROGRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assist-ance for Afghanistan shall be made available in the following manner— (i) for programs that protect and strength-en the rights of women and girls and pro-mote the political and economic empower-ment of women, including their meaningful inclusion in political processes; (ii) for programs in South and Central Asia to expand linkages between Afghanistan and countries in the region; and (iii) to assist the Government of Afghani-stan in developing and executing a trans-parent and consistently applied system of le-gitimate revenue generation and expendi-tures. (E) T
AXATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act for assistance for Afghan-istan may be made available for direct gov-ernment-to-government assistance unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that United States companies and organizations that are implementing United States foreign assistance programs in Afghanistan in a manner consistent with United States laws and regulations are not subjected by such government to taxes or other fees in con-travention of diplomatic and other agree-ments between the Governments of the United States and Afghanistan, or to retalia-tion for the nonpayment of taxes or fees im-posed in the past: Provided, That not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations an assessment of the dollar value of improper taxes or fees levied by such government against such com-panies and organizations in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. (3) G
OALS AND BENCHMARKS .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report de-scribing the goals and benchmarks required in paragraph (2)(B)(i): Provided, That not later than 6 months after the submission of such report and every 6 months thereafter until September 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to such commit-tees on the status of achieving such goals and benchmarks: Provided further, That the Secretary of State should suspend assistance for the Government of Afghanistan if any re-port required by this paragraph indicates that such government is failing to make measurable progress in meeting such goals and benchmarks. (4) A
UTHORITIES .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act under title III through VI that are made available for assistance for Afghanistan may be made available— (i) notwithstanding section 7012 of this Act or any similar provision of law and section 660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; (ii) for reconciliation programs and disar-mament, demobilization, and reintegration activities for former combatants who have renounced violence against the Government of Afghanistan, in accordance with section 7046(a)(2)(B)(ii) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74); and (iii) for an endowment to empower women and girls. (B) Section 7046(a)(2)(A) of division I of Public Law 112–74 shall apply to funds appro-priated by this Act for assistance for Afghan-istan. (5) B
ASING RIGHTS AGREEMENT .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the United States Government to enter into a permanent basing rights agree-ment between the United States and Afghan-istan. (b) PAKISTAN .— (1) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ for assistance for the Government of Paki-stan may be made available unless the Sec-retary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Gov-ernment of Pakistan is— (A) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al-Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist or-ganizations, including taking effective steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; (B) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and in-telligence agencies are not intervening extra-judicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (C) not financing or otherwise supporting schools supported by, affiliated with, or run by the Taliban or any designated foreign ter-rorist organization; (D) dismantling improvised explosive de-vice (IED) networks and interdicting pre-cursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (E) preventing the proliferation of nuclear- related material and expertise; (F) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterter-rorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (G) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced per-sons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with the Secretary of Defense, may waive the certification requirement of paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that to do so is important to the national se-curity interest of the United States and the Secretary submits a report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations, in classified form if necessary, on the justification for the waiver and the reasons why any part of the certifi-cation requirement of paragraph (1) has not been met. (3) A
SSISTANCE .— (A) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ for assistance for Pakistan may be made available only to support counterter-rorism and counterinsurgency capabilities in Pakistan. (B) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ that are available for assistance for Pakistan shall be made available to interdict precursor materials from Pakistan to Afghanistan that are used to manufacture IEDs, including calcium am-monium nitrate; to support programs to train border and customs officials in Paki-stan and Afghanistan; and for agricultural extension programs that encourage alter-native fertilizer use among Pakistani farm-ers. (4) S
CHOLARSHIPS FOR WOMEN .—The author-ity and directives of section 7044(d)(4) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Paki-stan: Provided, That prior to the obligation of funds for such purposes, the USAID Ad-ministrator shall consult with the Commit-tees on Appropriations. (5) REPORTS .— (A)(i) The spend plan required by section 7076 of this Act for assistance for Pakistan shall include achievable and sustainable goals, benchmarks for measuring progress, and expected results regarding combating poverty and furthering development in Paki-stan, countering terrorism and extremism, and establishing conditions conducive to the rule of law and transparent and accountable governance: Provided, That not later than 6 months after submission of such spend plan, and each 6 months thereafter until Sep-tember 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations on the status of achieving the goals and benchmarks in such plan. (ii) The Secretary of State should suspend assistance for the Government of Pakistan if any report required by clause (i) indicates that Pakistan is failing to make measurable progress in meeting such goals or bench-marks. (B) Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing the costs and objec-tives associated with significant infrastruc-ture projects supported by the United States in Pakistan, and an assessment of the extent to which such projects achieve such objec-tives. (6) O
VERSIGHT .—The Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for moni-toring, oversight, and control of funds made available by this subsection for assistance for Pakistan. (c) S
RILANKA .— (1) B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE .— Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ shall be made available for assistance for Sri Lanka for democracy and economic development programs, particularly in areas recovering from ethnic and religious conflict: Provided, That such funds shall be made available for programs to assist in the identification and resolution of cases of missing persons. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for the central Gov-ernment of Sri Lanka may be made available only if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking steps to— (A) address the underlying causes of con-flict in Sri Lanka; (B) increase accountability and trans-parency in governance; and (C) fulfill commitments with respect to transitional justice and the restoration of civil and human rights. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE .— Funds appropriated under title IV of this Act that are available for assistance for Sri Lanka shall be subject to the following con-ditions— (A) not to exceed $400,000 under the head-ing ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ may only be made available for programs to support humanitarian and disaster response efforts; to redeploy out of former conflict zones; and to restructure and reduce the size of the Sri Lankan armed forces; and (B) funds under the heading ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ may only be made available for training and equipment related to inter-national peacekeeping operations. (d) R
EGIONAL PROGRAMS .— (1) C
ROSS BORDER PROGRAMS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’ for assistance for Af-ghanistan and Pakistan may be provided, notwithstanding any other provision of law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00310 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6967 September 6, 2017 
that restricts assistance to foreign coun-tries, for cross border stabilization and de-velopment programs between Afghanistan and Pakistan, or between either country and the Central Asian countries. (2) S
ECURITY AND JUSTICE PROGRAMS .— Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ that are available for as-sistance for countries in South and Central Asia shall be made available to enhance the recruitment, retention, and professionalism of women in the judiciary, police, and other security forces. 
LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN  S
EC. 7045. (a) C ENTRAL AMERICA .— (1) F
UNDING .—Subject to the requirements of this subsection, of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, $615,000,000 should be made available for assistance for countries in Central America to implement the updated United States Strategy for En-gagement in Central America: Provided, That such funds shall be made available to the maximum extent practicable on a cost- matching basis. (2) P
RE-OBLIGATION REQUIREMENTS .—Prior to the obligation of funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations a multi-year spend plan as de-scribed under this section in the report ac-companying this Act, including a description of how such funds shall prioritize addressing the key factors in countries in Central America that contribute to the migration of undocumented Central Americans to the United States. (3) A
SSISTANCE FOR THE CENTRAL GOVERN -
MENTS OF EL SALVADOR , GUATEMALA , AND HON -
DURAS .—Of the funds made available pursu-ant to paragraph (1) that are available for as-sistance for each of the central governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, the following amounts shall be withheld from obligation and may only be made avail-able as follows: (A) 25 percent may only be obligated after the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such government is taking effective steps, which are in addition to those steps taken since the certification and report sub-mitted during the prior year, if applicable, to— (i) inform its citizens of the dangers of the journey to the southwest border of the United States; (ii) combat human smuggling and traf-ficking; (iii) improve border security, including to prevent illegal migration, human smuggling and trafficking, and trafficking of illicit drugs and other contraband; and (iv) cooperate with United States Govern-ment agencies and other governments in the region to facilitate the return, repatriation, and reintegration of illegal migrants arriv-ing at the southwest border of the United States who do not qualify for asylum, con-sistent with international law. (B) An additional 50 percent may only be obligated after the Secretary of State cer-tifies and reports to the appropriate congres-sional committees that such government is taking effective steps, which are in addition to those steps taken since the certification and report submitted during the prior year, if applicable, to— (i) work cooperatively with an autono-mous, publicly accountable entity to provide oversight of the Plan of the Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle in Cen-tral America (the Plan); (ii) combat corruption, including inves-tigating and prosecuting current and former government officials credibly alleged to be corrupt; (iii) implement reforms, policies, and pro-grams to improve transparency and strengthen public institutions, including in-creasing the capacity and independence of the judiciary and the Office of the Attorney General; (iv) implement a policy to ensure that local communities, civil society organiza-tions (including indigenous and other marginalized groups), and local governments are consulted in the design, and participate in the implementation and evaluation of, ac-tivities of the Plan that affect such commu-nities, organizations, and governments; (v) counter the activities of criminal gangs, drug traffickers, and organized crime; (vi) investigate and prosecute in the civil-ian justice system government personnel, in-cluding military and police personnel, who are credibly alleged to have violated human rights, and ensure that such personnel are cooperating in such cases; (vii) cooperate with commissions against corruption and impunity and with regional human rights entities; (viii) support programs to reduce poverty, expand education and vocational training for at-risk youth, create jobs, and promote equi-table economic growth particularly in areas contributing to large numbers of migrants; (ix) implement a plan that includes goals, benchmarks and timelines to create a profes-sional, accountable civilian police force and end the role of the military in internal polic-ing, and make such plan available to the De-partment of State; (x) protect the right of political opposition parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, and other civil society ac-tivists to operate without interference; (xi) increase government revenues, includ-ing by implementing tax reforms and strengthening customs agencies; and (xii) resolve commercial disputes, includ-ing the confiscation of real property, be-tween United States entities and such gov-ernment. (4) N
ORTHERN TRIANGLE INCENTIVE AWARD .— Amounts designated as ‘‘Northern Triangle Incentive Award’’ in the table under this sec-tion in the report accompanying this Act may be made available to El Salvador, Gua-temala, or Honduras, only if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appro-priate congressional committees that the country has made extraordinary progress in meeting two or more of the conditions enu-merated in paragraph (3): Provided, That such award shall be made in accordance with the requirements described under this sec-tion in the report accompanying this Act. (5) S
USPENSION OF ASSISTANCE AND PERIODIC  
REVIEW .— (A) The Secretary of State shall periodi-cally review the progress of each of the cen-tral governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras in meeting the requirements of paragraphs (3)(A) and (3)(B): Provided, That if the Secretary determines that suffi-cient progress has not been made by a cen-tral government, the Secretary shall sus-pend, in whole or in part, assistance for such government for programs supporting such re-quirement, and shall notify the appropriate congressional committees in writing of such action: Provided further, That the Secretary may resume funding for such programs only after the Secretary certifies to such commit-tees that corrective measures have been taken. (B) The Secretary of State shall, following a change of national government in El Sal-vador, Guatemala, or Honduras, determine and report to the appropriate congressional committees that any new government has committed to take the steps to meet the re-quirements of paragraphs (3)(A) and (3)(B): Provided, That if the Secretary is unable to make such a determination in a timely man-ner, assistance made available under this subsection for such central government shall be suspended, in whole or in part, until such time as such determination and report can be made. (6) TRANSFER OF FUNDS .—The Department of State and USAID may, following consulta-tion with the Committees on Appropriations, transfer funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Development Assist-ance’’ to the Inter-American Development Bank and the Inter-American Foundation to support the Strategy. (b) C
OLOMBIA .— (1) A
SSISTANCE .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $335,925,000 shall be made available for assistance for Colombia, including to support the efforts of the Government of Colombia to— (A) conduct a unified campaign against narcotics trafficking, organizations des-ignated as foreign terrorist organizations pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), and other criminal or illegal armed groups: Provided, That aircraft supported by funds made avail-able by this Act and prior Acts making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be used to transport personnel and sup-plies involved in drug eradication and inter-diction, including security for such activi-ties, and to provide transport in support of alternative development programs and inves-tigations by civilian judicial authorities; (B) enhance security and stability in Co-lombia and the region; (C) strengthen and expand governance, the rule of law, and access to justice throughout Colombia; (D) promote economic and social develop-ment, including by improving access to areas impacted by conflict through demining pro-grams; and (E) implement a peace agreement between the Government of Colombia and illegal armed groups, in accordance with constitu-tional and legal requirements in Colombia: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act or prior Acts making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for assistance for Colombia may be made available for pay-ment of reparations to conflict victims or compensation to demobilized combatants as-sociated with a peace agreement between the Government of Colombia and illegal armed groups. (3) P
RE-OBLIGATION REQUIREMENTS .—Prior to the initial obligation of funds made avail-able pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the USAID Ad-ministrator, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a multi-year spend plan as described under this section in the report ac-companying this Act. (4) C
OUNTERNARCOTICS .—Of the funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’ for assistance for Colombia, 30 per-cent may be obligated only in accordance with the conditions set forth under this sec-tion in the report accompanying this Act. (5) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitation of para-graph (4) shall not apply to funds made avail-able for humanitarian assistance, aviation instruction and maintenance, and maritime and riverine security programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00311 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6968 September 6, 2017 
(c) C UBA.— (1) D
IPLOMATIC FACILITIES .— (A) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act and prior acts making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and re-lated programs may be obligated or expended for— (i) the establishment or operation of a United States diplomatic presence, including an embassy, consulate, or liaison office, in Cuba beyond that which was in existence prior to December 17, 2014, including the hir-ing of additional staff, unless such staff are necessary for protecting the health, safety, or security of diplomatic personnel or facili-ties in Cuba; (ii) the facilitation of the establishment or operation of a diplomatic mission of Cuba, including an embassy, consulate, or liaison office, in the United States beyond that which was in existence prior to December 17, 2014; and (iii) the support of Locally Employed Staff in contravention of section 512 of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division M of Public Law 114–113). (B) The limitation on the use of funds under subparagraph (A) shall not apply— (i) with respect to assistance or support in furtherance of democracy-building efforts for Cuba described in section 109 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6039); and (ii) if the President determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the government in Cuba has met the re-quirements and factors specified in section 205 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6065), including the extent to which such government has extradited or otherwise ren-dered to the United States all persons sought by the United States Department of Justice for crimes committed in the United States. (2) D
EMOCRACY PROMOTION .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, $30,000,000 shall be made available to promote democracy and strengthen civil society in Cuba: Provided, That no funds shall be obligated for business promotion, economic reform, entrepreneur-ship, or any other assistance that is not de-mocracy-building as expressly authorized in the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Soli-darity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 and the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992. (d) H
AITI.— (1) C
ERTIFICATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’ and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ that are made available for assistance for Haiti may not be made available for assist-ance for the central Government of Haiti un-less the Secretary of State certifies and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is taking effective steps, which are in addition to steps taken since the certification and report submitted during the prior year, if applicable, to— (A) strengthen the rule of law in Haiti, in-cluding by— (i) selecting judges in a transparent man-ner based on merit; (ii) reducing pre-trial detention; and (iii) respecting the independence of the ju-diciary. (B) combat corruption, including by imple-menting the anti-corruption law enacted in 2014 and prosecuting corrupt officials; and (C) increase government revenues, includ-ing by implementing tax reforms, and in-crease expenditures on public services. (2) H
AITIAN COAST GUARD .—The Govern-ment of Haiti shall be eligible to purchase defense articles and services under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) for the Coast Guard. EUROPE AND EURASIA  S
EC. 7046. (a) A SSISTANCE FOR UKRAINE .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under ti-tles III and IV, not less than $410,465,000 shall be made available for assistance for Ukraine. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be made available for assistance for a government of an Inde-pendent State of the former Soviet Union if such government directs any action in viola-tion of the territorial integrity or national sovereignty of any other Independent State of the former Soviet Union, such as those violations included in the Helsinki Final Act: Provided, That except as otherwise pro-vided in section 7070(a) of this Act, funds may be made available without regard to the restriction in this subsection if the President determines that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States: Pro- vided further, That prior to executing the au-thority contained in the previous proviso the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on how such assistance supports the national security in-terest of the United States. (c) S
ECTION 907 OF THE FREEDOM SUPPORT  A
CT.—Section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act shall not apply to— (1) activities to support democracy or as-sistance under title V of the FREEDOM Sup-port Act and section 1424 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2333) or non-proliferation as-sistance; (2) any assistance provided by the Trade and Development Agency under section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2421); (3) any activity carried out by a member of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service while acting within his or her offi-cial capacity; (4) any insurance, reinsurance, guarantee, or other assistance provided by the Overseas Private Investment Corporation under title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2191 et seq.); (5) any financing provided under the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945; or (6) humanitarian assistance. 
WAR CRIMES TRIBUNALS  S
EC. 7047. If the President determines that doing so will contribute to a just resolution of charges regarding genocide or other viola-tions of international humanitarian law, the President may direct a drawdown pursuant to section 552(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 of up to $30,000,000 of commodities and services for the United Nations War Crimes Tribunal established with regard to the former Yugoslavia by the United Nations Security Council or such other tribunals or commissions as the Council may establish or authorize to deal with such violations, with-out regard to the ceiling limitation con-tained in paragraph (2) thereof: Provided, That the determination required under this section shall be in lieu of any determinations otherwise required under section 552(c): Pro- vided further, That funds made available pur-suant to this section shall be made available subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
UNITED NATIONS  S
EC. 7048. (a) T RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— (1) Of the funds appropriated under title I of this Act that are available for contribu-tions to the United Nations (including the Department of Peacekeeping Operations), any United Nations agency, or the Organiza-tion of American States, 15 percent may not be obligated for such organization, depart-ment, or agency until the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the organization, de-partment, or agency is— (A) posting on a publicly available Web site, consistent with privacy regulations and due process, regular financial and pro-grammatic audits of such organization, de-partment, or agency, and providing the United States Government with necessary access to such financial and performance au-dits; (B) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices for the protection of whistle-blowers from retaliation, including best practices for— (i) protection against retaliation for inter-nal and lawful public disclosures; (ii) legal burdens of proof; (iii) statutes of limitation for reporting re-taliation; (iv) access to independent adjudicative bodies, including external arbitration; and (v) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation; and (C) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures regarding travel, in-cluding a prohibition on first class travel. (2) The restrictions imposed by or pursuant to paragraph (1) may be waived on a case-by- case basis if the Secretary of State deter-mines and reports to the Committees on Ap-propriations that such waiver is necessary to avert or respond to a humanitarian crisis. (b) RESTRICTIONS ON UNITED NATIONS DELE-
GATIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay expenses for any United States delegation to any specialized agency, body, or commission of the United Nations if such agency, body, or commission is chaired or presided over by a country, the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j)(1) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. App. 2405(j)(1)), supports inter-national terrorism. (2) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of State as a contribution to any organization, agency, commission, or program within the United Nations system if such organization, agency, commission, or program is chaired or presided over by a country the govern-ment of which the Secretary of State has de-termined, for purposes of section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, section 6(j)(1) of the Export Administration Act of 1979, or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. (c) U
NITED NATIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUN-
CIL.—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available in support of the United Nations Human Rights Council unless the Secretary of State determines and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that participation in the Council is in the national security interest of the United States and that such Council is taking sig-nificant steps to remove Israel as a perma-nent agenda item and increase transparency in the election of members to such Council: Provided, That such report shall include a de-scription of the national security interest served and the steps taken to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and increase transparency in the election of members to such Council: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of State shall report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations not later than Sep-tember 30, 2018, on the resolutions considered in the United Nations Human Rights Council during the previous 12 months, and on steps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00312 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6969 September 6, 2017 
taken to remove Israel as a permanent agen-da item and increase transparency in the election of members to such Council. (d) U
NITED NATIONS RELIEF AND WORKS  A
GENCY .—None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ may be made avail-able as a contribution to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations, in writ-ing, that UNRWA is— (1) utilizing Operations Support Officers in the West Bank, Gaza, and other fields of op-eration to inspect UNRWA installations and reporting any inappropriate use; (2) acting promptly to address any staff or beneficiary violation of its own policies (in-cluding the policies on neutrality and impar-tiality of employees) and the legal require-ments under section 301(c) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961; (3) implementing procedures to maintain the neutrality of its facilities, including im-plementing a no-weapons policy, and con-ducting regular inspections of its installa-tions, to ensure they are only used for hu-manitarian or other appropriate purposes; (4) taking necessary and appropriate meas-ures to ensure it is operating in compliance with the conditions of section 301(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and con-tinuing regular reporting to the Department of State on actions it has taken to ensure conformance with such conditions; (5) taking steps to ensure the content of all educational materials currently taught in UNRWA-administered schools and summer camps is consistent with the values of human rights, dignity, and tolerance and does not induce incitement; (6) not engaging in operations with finan-cial institutions or related entities in viola-tion of relevant United States law, and is taking steps to improve the financial trans-parency of the organization; and (7) in compliance with the United Nations Board of Auditors’ biennial audit require-ments and is implementing in a timely fash-ion the Board’s recommendations. (e) P
ROHIBITION OF PAYMENTS TO UNITED  N
ATIONS MEMBERS .—None of the funds appro-priated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for carrying out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used to pay in whole or in part any assess-ments, arrearages, or dues of any member of the United Nations or, from funds appro-priated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the costs for participation of another coun-try’s delegation at international conferences held under the auspices of multilateral or international organizations. (f) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the design, renovation, or construction of the United Nations Headquarters in New York: Provided, That any operating plan sub-mitted pursuant to this Act for funds made available under the heading ‘‘Contributions to International Organizations’’ shall in-clude information on capital projects, as de-scribed under such heading in the report ac-companying this Act. (g) W
ITHHOLDING REPORT .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing the amount of funds available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018 for contribu-tions to any organization, department, agen-cy, or program within the United Nations system or any international program that are withheld from obligation or expenditure due to any provision of law: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall update such re-port each time additional funds are withheld by operation of any provision of law: Pro- vided further, That the reprogramming of any withheld funds identified in such report, in-cluding updates thereof, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular no-tification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (h) SEXUAL EXPLOITATION AND ABUSE IN  P
EACEKEEPING OPERATIONS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act shall be made available to implement section 301 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323). (i) A
DDITIONAL AVAILABILITY .—Funds ap-propriated under title I of this Act which are returned or not made available due to the implementation of subsection (a) or the sec-ond proviso under the heading ‘‘Contribu-tions for International Peacekeeping Activi-ties’’ of such title shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. (j) W
AIVER .—The restrictions imposed by or pursuant to subsection (d) may be waived on a case-by-case basis by the Secretary of State if the Secretary determines and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that such waiver is necessary to avert or re-spond to a humanitarian crisis. 
COMMUNITY -BASED POLICE ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7049. (a) A UTHORITY .—Funds made available by titles III and IV of this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 1 of part I and chapters 4 and 6 of part II of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of that Act, to enhance the effectiveness and accountability of civilian police authority through training and technical assistance in human rights, the rule of law, anti-corruption, strategic planning, and through assistance to foster civilian police roles that support democratic governance, including assistance for pro-grams to prevent conflict, respond to disas-ters, address gender-based violence, and fos-ter improved police relations with the com-munities they serve. (b) N
OTIFICATION .—Assistance provided under subsection (a) shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Com-mittees on Appropriations. 
PROHIBITION ON PUBLICITY OR PROPAGANDA  S
EC. 7050. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes within the United States not authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act by Congress: Provided, That not to exceed $25,000 may be made available to carry out the provisions of section 316 of the International Security and Development Cooperation Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–533). 
INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCES  S
EC. 7051. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees of agencies or departments of the United States Government who are stationed in the United States, at any single inter-national conference occurring outside the United States, unless the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days in advance that such attend-ance is important to the national interest: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference attended by representa-tives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international orga-nizations, or nongovernmental organiza-tions. 
AIRCRAFT TRANSFER , COORDINATION , AND USE  S
EC. 7052. (a) T RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law or regulation, aircraft procured with funds ap-propriated by this Act and prior Acts mak-ing appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘An-dean Counterdrug Initiative’’, and ‘‘Andean Counterdrug Programs’’ may be used for any other program and in any region. (b) PROPERTY DISPOSAL .—The authority provided in subsection (a) shall apply only after the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the equipment is no longer required to meet programmatic purposes in the des-ignated country or region: Provided, That any such transfer shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notifica-tion procedures of, the Committees on Ap-propriations. (c) A
IRCRAFT COORDINATION .— (1) The uses of aircraft purchased or leased by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be coordinated under the authority of the appropriate Chief of Mission: Provided, That such aircraft may be used to transport, on a reimbursable or non- reimbursable basis, Federal and non-Federal personnel supporting Department of State and USAID programs and activities: Provided further, That official travel for other agen-cies for other purposes may be supported on a reimbursable basis, or without reimburse-ment when traveling on a space available basis: Provided further, That funds received by the Department of State in connection with the use of aircraft owned, leased, or chartered by the Department of State may be credited to the Working Capital Fund of the Department and shall be available for ex-penses related to the purchase, lease, main-tenance, chartering, or operation of such air-craft. (2) The requirement and authorities of this subsection shall only apply to aircraft, the primary purpose of which is the transpor-tation of personnel. (d) A
IRCRAFT OPERATIONS AND MAINTE -
NANCE .—To the maximum extent practicable, the costs of operations and maintenance, in-cluding fuel, of aircraft funded by this Act shall be borne by the recipient country. 
PARKING FINES AND REAL PROPERTY TAXES  
OWED BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS  S
EC. 7053. The terms and conditions of sec-tion 7055 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2011 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall apply to this Act: Provided, That the date ‘‘September 30, 2009’’ in sub-section (f)(2)(B) of such section shall be deemed to be ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
LANDMINES AND CLUSTER MUNITIONS  S
EC. 7054. (a) L ANDMINES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, demining equipment available to the United States Agency for International Develop-ment and the Department of State and used in support of the clearance of landmines and unexploded ordnance for humanitarian pur-poses may be disposed of on a grant basis in foreign countries, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary of State may prescribe. (b) C
LUSTER MUNITIONS .—No military as-sistance shall be furnished for cluster muni-tions, no defense export license for cluster munitions may be issued, and no cluster mu-nitions or cluster munitions technology shall be sold or transferred, unless— (1) the submunitions of the cluster muni-tions, after arming, do not result in more than 1 percent unexploded ordnance across the range of intended operational environ-ments, and the agreement applicable to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00313 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6970 September 6, 2017 
assistance, transfer, or sale of such cluster munitions or cluster munitions technology specifies that the cluster munitions will only be used against clearly defined military tar-gets and will not be used where civilians are known to be present or in areas normally in-habited by civilians; or (2) such assistance, license, sale, or trans-fer is for the purpose of demilitarizing or permanently disposing of such cluster muni-tions. 
CONTINUOUS SUPERVISION AND GENERAL DIREC -
TION OF ECONOMIC AND MILITARY ASSISTANCE  S
EC. 7055. (a) Under the direction of the President, the Secretary of State should be responsible for the continuous supervision and general direction of economic assist-ance, law enforcement and justice sector as-sistance, military assistance, and military education and training programs, including but not limited to determining whether there shall be a military assistance (includ-ing civic action) or a military education and training program for a country and the value thereof, to the end that such programs are effectively integrated both at home and abroad and the foreign policy of the United States is best served thereby. (b) Consistent with section 481(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Secretary of State shall be responsible for coordinating all assistance provided by the United States Government to support international efforts to combat illicit narcotics production or trafficking: Provided, That the provision of assistance by the Department of Defense which is comparable to assistance that may be made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ should be provided in a manner consistent with the requirements of section 333(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1241 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). 
LIMITATIONS RELATED TO FAMILY PLANNING  
AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH  S
EC. 7056. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the United Nations Population Fund. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act for global health assistance may be made available to any foreign nongovernmental organization that promotes or performs abortion, except in cases of rape or incest or when the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 7057. (a) A UTHORITY .—Up to $93,000,000 of the funds made available in title III of this Act pursuant to or to carry out the provi-sions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, may be used by the United States Agency for International De-velopment to hire and employ individuals in the United States and overseas on a limited appointment basis pursuant to the authority of sections 308 and 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980. (b) R
ESTRICTIONS .— (1) The number of individuals hired in any fiscal year pursuant to the authority con-tained in subsection (a) may not exceed 175. (2) The authority to hire individuals con-tained in subsection (a) shall expire on Sep-tember 30, 2019. (c) C
ONDITIONS .—The authority of sub-section (a) should only be used to the extent that an equivalent number of positions that are filled by personal services contractors or other non-direct hire employees of USAID, who are compensated with funds appro-priated to carry out part I of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, including funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, are eliminated. (d) PROGRAM ACCOUNT CHARGED .—The ac- count charged for the cost of an individual hired and employed under the authority of this section shall be the account to which the responsibilities of such individual pri-marily relate: Provided, That funds made available to carry out this section may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this Act in title II under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’. (e) F
OREIGN SERVICE LIMITED EXTEN -
SIONS .—Individuals hired and employed by USAID, with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, pursuant to the au-thority of section 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, may be extended for a period of up to 4 years notwithstanding the limitation set forth in such section. (f) D
ISASTER SURGE CAPACITY .—Funds ap-propriated under title III of this Act to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, may be used, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, for the cost (including the support costs) of individuals detailed to or employed by USAID whose primary responsibility is to carry out programs in response to natural disasters, or man-made disasters subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) P
ERSONAL SERVICES CONTRACTORS .— Funds appropriated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I, chapter 4 of part II, and section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and title II of the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480), may be used by USAID to employ up to 40 personal services contrac-tors in the United States, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of providing direct, interim support for new or expanded overseas programs and activities managed by the agency until permanent di-rect hire personnel are hired and trained: Provided, That not more than 15 of such con-tractors shall be assigned to any bureau or office: Provided further, That such funds ap-propriated to carry out title II of the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480), may be made available only for personal services contractors assigned to the Office of Food for Peace. (h) S
MALL BUSINESS .—In entering into mul-tiple award indefinite-quantity contracts with funds appropriated by this Act, USAID may provide an exception to the fair oppor-tunity process for placing task orders under such contracts when the order is placed with any category of small or small disadvan-taged business. (i) S
ENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE LIMITED AP-
POINTMENTS .—Individuals hired pursuant to the authority provided by section 7059(o) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2011 (division F of Public Law 111– 117) may be assigned to or support programs in Afghanistan or Pakistan with funds made available in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. 
GLOBAL HEALTH ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 7058. (a) I NGENERAL .—Funds appro-priated by titles III and IV of this Act that are made available for bilateral assistance for child survival activities or disease pro-grams including activities relating to re-search on, and the prevention, treatment and control of, HIV/AIDS may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law except for provisions under the heading ‘‘Global Health Programs’’ and the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuber-culosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (117 Stat. 711; 22 U.S.C. 7601 et seq.), as amended. (b) LIMITATION .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not more than $461,000,000 may be made available for family planning/repro-ductive health. (c) G
LOBAL FUND.—Of the funds appro-priated by this Act that are available for a contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Global Fund), 10 percent should be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State de-termines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Global Fund is— (1) maintaining and implementing a policy of transparency, including the authority of the Global Fund Office of the Inspector Gen-eral (OIG) to publish OIG reports on a public Web site; (2) providing sufficient resources to main-tain an independent OIG that— (A) reports directly to the Board of the Global Fund; (B) maintains a mandate to conduct thor-ough investigations and programmatic au-dits, free from undue interference; and (C) compiles regular, publicly published audits and investigations of financial, pro-grammatic, and reporting aspects of the Global Fund, its grantees, recipients, sub-re-cipients, and Local Fund Agents; (3) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices for the protection of whistle-blowers from retaliation, including best practices for— (A) protection against retaliation for inter-nal and lawful public disclosures; (B) legal burdens of proof; (C) statutes of limitation for reporting re-taliation; (D) access to independent adjudicative bod-ies, including external arbitration; and (E) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation; and (4) implementing the recommendations contained in the Consolidated Trans-formation Plan approved by the Board of the Global Fund on November 21, 2011: Provided, That such withholding shall not be in addition to funds that are withheld from the Global Fund in fiscal year 2018 pursuant to the application of any other provision contained in this or any other Act. (d) C
ONTAGIOUS INFECTIOUS DISEASE OUT-
BREAKS .— (1) E
MERGENCY RESERVE FUND .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $10,000,000 shall be for the Emergency Re-serve Fund established pursuant to section 7058(c)(1) of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31) and shall be available under the same terms and conditions of such section. (2) E
XTRAORDINARY MEASURES .—If the Sec-retary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that an inter-national infectious disease outbreak is sus-tained, severe, and is spreading internation-ally, or that it is in the national interest to respond to a Public Health Emergency of International Concern, funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’, ‘‘Eco-nomic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’, and ‘‘Millennium Challenge Corporation’’ may be made available to combat such infec-tious disease or public health emergency, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00314 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6971 September 6, 2017 
and may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings for the purposes of this paragraph. (3) O
VERSIGHT OF FUNDS .—Funds made available pursuant to the authority of this subsection shall be subject to prior consulta-tion with the appropriate congressional com-mittees and the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. (e) M
ALARIA AND OTHER INFECTIOUS DIS-
EASES .—Of the unobligated balances avail-able under the heading ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance’’ in title IX of division J of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), $250,000,000 shall be available for assistance or research to detect, prevent, treat, and control malaria, and $72,500,000 shall be for assistance or research to detect, prevent, treat, and control emerging infectious dis-eases in countries at risk of such diseases: Provided, That amounts made available under this section are designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress. 
GENDER EQUALITY  S
EC. 7059. (a) G ENDER EQUALITY .—Funds ap-propriated by this Act shall be made avail-able to promote gender equality in United States Government diplomatic and develop-ment efforts by raising the status, increasing the participation, and protecting the rights of women and girls worldwide. (b) W
OMEN ’SLEADERSHIP .—Of the funds ap-propriated by title III of this Act, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available to in-crease leadership opportunities for women in countries where women and girls suffer dis-crimination due to law, policy, or practice, by strengthening protections for women’s political status, expanding women’s partici-pation in political parties and elections, and increasing women’s opportunities for leader-ship positions in the public and private sec-tors at the local, provincial, and national levels. (c) G
ENDER -BASED VIOLENCE .— (1)(A) Of the funds appropriated by titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $150,000,000 shall be made available to imple-ment a multi-year strategy to prevent and respond to gender-based violence in coun-tries where it is common in conflict and non- conflict settings. (B) Funds appropriated by titles III and IV of this Act that are available to train foreign police, judicial, and military personnel, in-cluding for international peacekeeping oper-ations, shall address, where appropriate, pre-vention and response to gender-based vio-lence and trafficking in persons, and shall promote the integration of women into the police and other security forces. (2) Department of State and United States Agency for International Development gen-der programs shall incorporate coordinated efforts to combat a variety of forms of gen-der-based violence, including child marriage, rape, female genital cutting and mutilation, and domestic violence, among other forms of gender-based violence in conflict and non- conflict settings. (d) W
OMEN , PEACE , AND SECURITY .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Sup-port Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘International Nar-cotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ should be made available to support a multi-year strategy to expand, and improve coordina-tion of, United States Government efforts to empower women as equal partners in conflict prevention, peace building, transitional processes, and reconstruction efforts in countries affected by conflict or in political transition, and to ensure the equitable provi-sion of relief and recovery assistance to women and girls. SECTOR ALLOCATIONS  S
EC. 7060. (a) B ASIC EDUCATION AND HIGHER  E
DUCATION .— (1) B
ASIC EDUCATION .— (A) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $800,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for basic education, and such funds may be made available notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law that restricts assistance to for-eign countries. (B) Not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment shall report to the Committees on Ap-propriations on the status of cumulative un-obligated balances and obligated, but unex-pended, balances in each country where USAID provides basic education assistance and such report shall also include details on the types of contracts and grants provided and the goals and objectives of such assist-ance: Provided, That the USAID Adminis-trator shall update such report on a quar-terly basis until September 30, 2019. (C) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for basic edu-cation programs, not less than $87,500,000 shall be made available for a contribution to multilateral partnerships that support edu-cation. (2) H
IGHER EDUCATION .—Of the funds appro-priated by title III of this Act, not less than $235,000,000 shall be made available for assist-ance for higher education, including not less than $35,000,000 for new and ongoing partner-ships for human and institutional capacity building between higher education institu-tions in the United States and developing countries. (b) C
ONSERVATION PROGRAMS AND LIMITA -
TIONS .— (1) B
IODIVERSITY .— (A) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $265,000,000 shall be made available for biodiversity conserva-tion programs. (B) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, $102,375,000 shall be made available for a multilateral funding facility to support biodiversity conservation programs: Pro- vided, That such funds may only be made available on a grant basis: Provided further, That such funds are in addition to amounts specified in subparagraph (A) and are subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) W
ILDLIFE POACHING AND TRAFFICKING .— (A) Not less than $90,664,000 of the funds ap-propriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available to combat the transnational threat of wildlife poaching and trafficking. (B) None of the funds appropriated under title IV of this Act may be made available for training or other assistance for any mili-tary unit or personnel that the Secretary of State determines has been credibly alleged to have participated in wildlife poaching or trafficking, unless the Secretary reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is in the national security in-terest of the United States. (c) D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Development Assistance’’, not less than $26,000,000 shall be made available for the American Schools and Hospitals Abroad pro-gram, and not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available for cooperative development programs of USAID. (d) FOODSECURITY AND AGRICULTURAL DE-
VELOPMENT .—Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $1,000,600,000 should be made available to carry out the provisions of the Global Food Security Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–195), of which not less than $60,000,000 shall be made available for the Feed the Future Innovation Labs: Provided, That funds may be made available for a contribution as authorized by section 3202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246), as amended by section 3206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). (e) M
ICROENTERPRISE AND MICROFINANCE .— Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $265,000,000 should be made avail-able for microenterprise and microfinance development programs for the poor, espe-cially women. (f) P
ROGRAMS TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN  P
ERSONS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development As-sistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘As-sistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $65,000,000 shall be made available for activi-ties to combat trafficking in persons inter-nationally, of which not less than $40,000,000 shall be from funds made available under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’: Provided, That not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit an update to the report required pursuant to section 7060(f)(1) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31). (g) W
ATER AND SANITATION .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $400,000,000 shall be made available for water supply and sanitation projects pursuant to the Senator Paul Simon Water for the Poor Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–121), of which not less than $145,000,000 shall be for programs in sub-Saharan Africa. 
COUNTRIES IMPACTED BY SIGNIFICANT REFUGEE  
POPULATIONS OR INTERNALLY DISPLACED  
PERSONS  S
EC. 7061. Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assist-ance’’ and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ shall be made available for programs in countries affected by significant populations of inter-nally displaced persons or refugees to— (1) expand and improve host government social services and basic infrastructure to accommodate the needs of such populations and persons; (2) alleviate the social and economic strains placed on host communities, includ-ing through programs to promote liveli-hoods, vocational training, and formal and informal education; (3) improve coordination of such assistance in a more effective and sustainable manner; and (4) leverage increased assistance from do-nors other than the United States Govern-ment for central governments and local com-munities in such countries. 
ARMS TRADE TREATY  S
EC. 7062. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
INSPECTORS GENERAL  S
EC. 7063. (a) P ROHIBITION ON USE OF  F
UNDS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00315 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6972 September 6, 2017 
to any records, documents, or other mate-rials available to the department or agency of the United States Government over which such Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede the ac-cess of such Inspector General to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provi-sion of law that expressly refers to such In-spector General and expressly limits the right of access of such Inspector General. (b) T
IMELY ACCESS .—A department or agen-cy of the United States Government covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General access to all records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) C
OMPLIANCE .—Each Inspector General covered by this section shall ensure compli-ance with statutory limitations on disclo-sure relevant to the information provided by the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) R
EPORT REQUIREMENT .—Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations within 5 calendar days of any failure by any depart-ment or agency of the United States Govern-ment to provide its Inspector General access to all requested records, documents, and other materials. 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING INDI -
VIDUALS DETAINED AT NAVAL STATION , 
GUANTA ´NAMO BAY , CUBA  S
EC. 7064. Not later than 5 days after the conclusion of an agreement with a country, including a state with a compact of free as-sociation with the United States, to receive by transfer or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, the Secretary of State shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations in writing of the terms of the agreement, in-cluding whether funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs will be made available for assistance for such country pursuant to such agreement. 
MULTI -YEAR PLEDGES  S
EC. 7065. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to make any pledge for future year funding for any multilateral or bilateral program funded in titles III through VI of this Act unless such pledge was— (1) previously justified, including the pro-jected future year costs, in a congressional budget justification; (2) included in an Act making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs or pre-viously authorized by an Act of Congress; (3) notified in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, including the projected future year costs; or (4) the subject of prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and such consultation was conducted at least 7 days in advance of the pledge. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF TORTURE  S
EC. 7066. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to support or justify the use of torture, cruel, or inhumane treat-ment by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. 
EXTRADITION  S
EC. 7067. (a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to provide assistance (other than funds pro-vided under the headings ‘‘International Dis-aster Assistance’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’, and ‘‘Nonprolifera-tion, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Assistance’’) for the central government of a country which has notified the Department of State of its refusal to extradite to the United States any individual indicted for a criminal offense for which the maximum penalty is life imprisonment without the possibility of parole or for killing a law en-forcement officer, as specified in a United States extradition request. (b) CLARIFICATION .—Subsection (a) shall only apply to the central government of a country with which the United States main-tains diplomatic relations and with which the United States has an extradition treaty and the government of that country is in violation of the terms and conditions of the treaty. (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of State may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis if the Secretary certifies to the Committees on Appropriations that such waiver is important to the national in-terests of the United States. 
COMMERCIAL LEASING OF DEFENSE ARTICLES  S
EC. 7068. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, and subject to the regular noti-fication procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, the authority of section 23(a) of the Arms Export Control Act may be used to provide financing to Israel, Egypt, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), and major non-NATO allies for the procurement by leasing (including leasing with an option to purchase) of defense arti-cles from United States commercial sup-pliers, not including Major Defense Equip-ment (other than helicopters and other types of aircraft having possible civilian applica-tion), if the President determines that there are compelling foreign policy or national se-curity reasons for those defense articles being provided by commercial lease rather than by government-to-government sale under such Act. 
RESCISSIONS  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 7069. (a) A SSISTANCE .—Of the unobli-gated balances available to the President under the heading ‘‘Development Assist-ance’’, as identified by Treasury Appropria-tion Fund Symbol 72 X 1021, $29,906,927.46 are rescinded. (b) N
ORTH AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK.— The unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Contribution to the North American Development Bank’’ in the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2016 (di-vision K of Public Law 114–113) are rescinded. (c) E
XPORT -IMPORT BANK.—Of the unobli-gated balances under the heading ‘‘Export and Investment Assistance, Export-Import Bank of the United States, Subsidy Appro-priation’’ for tied-aid grants in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams, $165,000,000 are rescinded. (d) S
EC. 129 OFPUBLIC LAW110–329.—Of the unobligated balances available for ‘‘Depart-ment of Energy—Energy Programs—Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program Account’’ under section 129 of the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2009 (division A of Public Law 110–329), $1,965,575,000 is hereby rescinded. 
COUNTERING RUSSIAN INFLUENCE AND  
AGGRESSION  S
EC. 7070. (a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation. (b) A
NNEXATION OF CRIMEA .— (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has taken affirmative steps intended to support or be supportive of the Russian Federation annex-ation of Crimea: Provided, That except as otherwise provided in subsection (a), the Secretary may waive the restriction on as-sistance required by this paragraph if the Secretary determines and reports to such Committees that to do so is in the national interest of the United States, and includes a justification for such interest. (2) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for— (A) the implementation of any action or policy that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea; (B) the facilitation, financing, or guar-antee of United States Government invest-ments in Crimea, if such activity includes the participation of Russian Government of-ficials, or other Russian owned or controlled financial entities; or (C) assistance for Crimea, if such assist-ance includes the participation of Russian Government officials, or other Russian owned or controlled financial entities. (3) The Secretary of the Treasury shall in-struct the United States executive directors of each international financial institution to vote against any assistance by such institu-tion (including any loan, credit, or guar-antee) for any program that violates the sov-ereignty or territorial integrity of Ukraine. (4) The requirements and limitations of this subsection shall cease to be in effect if the Secretary of State determines and re-ports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Ukraine has reestab-lished sovereignty over Crimea. (c) OCCUPATION OF THE GEORGIAN TERRI-
TORIES OF ABKHAZIA AND TSKHINVALI REGION / S
OUTH OSSETIA .— (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has rec-ognized the independence of, or has estab-lished diplomatic relations with, the Russian occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall publish on the Department of State Web site a list of any such central governments in a timely manner: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the restriction on assistance re-quired by this paragraph if the Secretary de-termines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is in the na-tional interest of the United States, and in-cludes a justification for such interest. (2) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support the Russian occupation of the Georgian terri-tories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/ South Ossetia. (3) The Secretary of the Treasury shall in-struct the United States executive directors of each international financial institution to vote against any assistance by such institu-tion (including any loan, credit, or guar-antee) for any program that violates the sov-ereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. (d) A
SSISTANCE TO COUNTER INFLUENCE AND  A
GGRESSION .— (1) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Inter-national Military Education and Training’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ shall be made available for assistance to counter Russian influence and aggression in countries in Europe and Eurasia. (2) Funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for the Eastern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00316 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6973 September 6, 2017 
Partnership countries shall be made avail-able to advance the implementation of Asso-ciation Agreements and trade agreements with the European Union, and to reduce their vulnerability to external economic and political pressure from the Russian Federa-tion. (e) D
EMOCRACY PROGRAMS .—Funds appro-priated by this Act shall be made available to support democracy programs in the Rus-sian Federation, including to promote Inter-net freedom, and shall also be made avail-able to support the democracy and rule of law strategy required by section 7071(d) of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113– 76). (f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall update the reports required by subsections (b)(2) and (e) of section 7071 of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113– 76). 
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND  S
EC. 7071. (a) E XTENSIONS .—The terms and conditions of sections 7086(b) (1) and (2) and 7090(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall apply to this Act. (b) R
EPAYMENT .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director of the International Mon-etary Fund (IMF) to seek to ensure that any loan will be repaid to the IMF before other private creditors. 
SPECIAL DEFENSE ACQUISITION FUND  S
EC. 7072. Not to exceed $900,000,000 may be obligated pursuant to section 51(c)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act for the purposes of the Special Defense Acquisition Fund (Fund), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the provision of defense articles and defense services to foreign countries or international organizations from the Fund shall be subject to the concurrence of the Secretary of State. 
COUNTERING FOREIGN FIGHTERS AND  
EXTREMIST ORGANIZATIONS  S
EC. 7073. (a) F UNDING .— Funds appro-priated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for programs and ac-tivities to counter and defeat violent extre-mism and foreign fighters abroad, which shall include components to— (1) counter the recruitment, radicalization, movement, and financing of such extremists and foreign fighters; (2) secure borders of countries impacted by extremism; (3) assist countries impacted by extremism to implement and establish criminal laws and policies to counter extremists and for-eign fighters; and (4) promote and strengthen democratic in-stitutions and practices in countries im-pacted by extremism. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary of State shall— (1) promptly inform the appropriate con-gressional committees of each instance in which assistance provided pursuant to this section has been diverted or destroyed, to in-clude the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties in-volved, and an explanation of the response of the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, as appropriate; and (2) ensure programs to counter and defeat violent extremism and foreign fighters abroad are coordinated with and complement the efforts of other United States Govern-ment agencies and international partners. ENTERPRISE FUNDS  S
EC. 7074. (a) N OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— None of the funds made available under ti-tles III through VI of this Act may be made available for Enterprise Funds unless the ap-propriate congressional committees are noti-fied at least 15 days in advance. (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS PLAN.—Prior to the distribution of any assets resulting from any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of an Enterprise Fund, in whole or in part, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a plan for the distribution of the assets of the En-terprise Fund. (c) T
RANSITION OR OPERATING PLAN.—Prior to a transition to and operation of any pri-vate equity fund or other parallel invest-ment fund under an existing Enterprise Fund, the President shall submit such tran-sition or operating plan to the appropriate congressional committees. 
USE OF FUNDS IN CONTRAVENTION OF THIS ACT  S
EC. 7075. If the President makes a deter-mination not to comply with any provision of this Act on constitutional grounds, the head of the relevant Federal agency shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations in writing within 5 days of such determination, the basis for such determination and any re-sulting changes to program and policy. 
BUDGET DOCUMENTS  S
EC. 7076. (a) O PERATING AND REORGANIZA -
TION PLANS .— (1) Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each department, agency, or organization funded in titles I, II, and VI of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and Independent Agencies fund-ed in title III of this Act, including the Inter- American Foundation and the United States African Development Foundation, shall sub-mit to the Committees on Appropriations an operating plan for funds appropriated to such department, agency, or organization in such titles of this Act, or funds otherwise avail-able for obligation in fiscal year 2018, that provides details of the uses of such funds at the program, project, and activity level: Pro- vided, That such plans shall include, as appli-cable, a comparison between the congres-sional budget justification funding levels, the most recent congressional directives or approved funding levels, and the funding lev-els proposed by the department or agency; and a clear, concise, and informative descrip-tion/justification: Provided further, That if such department, agency, or organization re-ceives an additional amount under the same heading in title VIII of this Act, operating plans required by this subsection shall in-clude consolidated information on all such funds: Provided further, That operating plans that include changes in levels of funding for programs, projects, and activities specified in the congressional budget justification, in this Act, or amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the re-port accompanying this Act, as applicable, shall be subject to the notification and re-programming requirements of section 7015 of this Act. (2) Concurrent with the submission of an operating plan pursuant to paragraph (1), each covered department, agency, or organi-zation shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations information detailing any planned reorganization of such department, agency, or organization, including any ac-tion planned pursuant to the March 13, 2017 Executive Order 13781 on a Comprehensive Plan for Reorganizing the Executive Branch, including— (A) a detailed explanation of the plan, in-cluding any policies and procedures cur-rently or expected to be used to comply with Executive Order 13781; (B) a detailed organization chart, including a brief description of each operating unit; and (C) the number of employees for each oper-ating unit. (b) SPEND PLANS .— (1) Prior to the initial obligation of funds, the Secretary of State or Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a spend plan for funds made available by this Act, for— (A) assistance for Afghanistan, Iraq, Leb-anon, Pakistan, and the West Bank and Gaza; (B) regional security initiatives listed under this section in the report accom-panying this Act: Provided, That the spend plan for such initiatives shall include the amount of assistance planned for each coun-try by account, to the maximum extent practicable; and (C) democracy programs and sectors enu-merated in subsections (a), (b), (d), (f), and (g) of section 7060 of this Act. (2) Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations a detailed spend plan for funds made available by this Act under the head-ing ‘‘Department of the Treasury, Inter-national Affairs Technical Assistance’’ in title III. (c) S
PENDING REPORT .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the USAID Administrator shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations a detailed report on spending of funds made available during fis-cal year 2017 under the heading ‘‘Develop-ment Credit Authority’’. (d) N
OTIFICATIONS .—The spend plans ref-erenced in subsection (b) shall not be consid-ered as meeting the notification require-ments in this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (e) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET JUSTIFICA -
TION.— (1) The congressional budget justification for Department of State operations and for-eign operations shall be provided to the Com-mittees on Appropriations concurrent with the date of submission of the President’s budget for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That any appendices for such justification shall be provided to the Committees on Appropria-tions not later than 10 calendar days there-after. (2) The Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall include in the congres-sional budget justification a detailed jus-tification for multi-year availability for any funds requested under the headings ‘‘Diplo-matic and Consular Programs’’ and ‘‘Oper-ating Expenses’’. 
REPORTS AND RECORDS MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 7077. (a) P UBLIC POSTING OF RE-
PORTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Any agency receiving funds made available by this Act shall, sub-ject to paragraphs (2) and (3), post on the publicly available Web site of such agency any report required by this Act to be sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions, upon a determination by the head of such agency that to do so is in the national interest. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a report if— (A) the public posting of such report would compromise national security, including the conduct of diplomacy; or (B) the report contains proprietary, privi-leged, or sensitive information. (3) T
IMING AND INTENTION .—The head of the agency posting such report shall, unless oth-erwise provided for in this Act, do so only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00317 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6974 September 6, 2017 
after such report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations for not less than 45 days: Provided, That any report required by this Act to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations shall include information from the submitting agency on whether such report will be publicly posted. (b) R
EQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS .—None of the funds appropriated or made available pursu-ant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be available to a nongovernmental organiza-tion, including any contractor, which fails to provide upon timely request any document, file, or record necessary to the auditing re-quirements of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (c) R
ECORDS MANAGEMENT .— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds appro-priated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Dip-lomatic and Consular Programs’’ and ‘‘Cap-ital Investment Fund’’ in title I, and ‘‘Oper-ating Expenses’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in title II that are made available to the Department of State and USAID may be made available to support the use or estab-lishment of email accounts or email servers created outside the .gov domain or not fitted for automated records management as part of a Federal government records manage-ment program in contravention of the Presi-dential and Federal Records Act Amend-ments of 2014 (Public Law 113–187). (2) D
IRECTIVES .—The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall— (A) update the policies, directives, and oversight necessary to comply with Federal statutes, regulations, and presidential execu-tive orders and memoranda concerning the preservation of all records made or received in the conduct of official business, including record emails, instant messaging, and other online tools; (B) use funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in title I, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in title II, as appropriate, to improve Federal records management pursuant to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. Chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33) and other applicable Federal records management statutes, regulations, or poli-cies for the Department of State and USAID; (C) direct departing employees that all Federal records generated by such employ-ees, including senior officials, belong to the Federal Government; and (D) significantly improve the response time for identifying and retrieving Federal records, including requests made pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall each submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations and to the National Archives and Records Administration detailing, as appro-priate and where applicable— (A) any updates or modifications made to the policy of each agency regarding the use or the establishment of email accounts or email servers created outside the .gov do-main or not fitted for automated records management as part of a Federal govern-ment records management program since the submission to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the report required by section 7077(c)(3) of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31); (B) the extent to which each agency is in compliance with applicable Federal records management statutes, regulations, and poli-cies, including meeting Directive goal 1.2 of the Managing Government Records Directive (M–12–18) by December 31, 2016; and (C) any steps taken since the submission of the report referenced in subparagraph (A) to— (i) comply with paragraph (1)(B) of this subsection; (ii) ensure that all employees at every level have been instructed in procedures and processes to ensure that the documentation of their official duties is captured, preserved, managed, protected, and accessible in offi-cial Government systems of the Department of State and USAID; (iii) implement recommendation 1 made by the Office of Inspector General (OIG), De-partment of State, in the January 2016 Eval-uation of the Department of State’s FOIA Process for Requests Involving the Office of the Secretary (ESP–16–01); (iv) reduce the backlog of Freedom of In-formation Act (FOIA) and Congressional oversight requests, and measurably improve the response time for answering such re-quests; and (v) strengthen cyber security measures to mitigate vulnerabilities, including those re-sulting from the use of personal email ac-counts or servers outside the .gov domain, improve the process to identify and remove inactive user accounts, update and enforce guidance related to the control of national security information, and implement the recommendations of the corresponding re-ports of the OIG as detailed under this sec-tion in the report accompanying this Act. (4) OPERATING PLANS .—The operating plans required by section 7076(a) of this Act for funds appropriated under the headings listed in paragraph (1) shall include funds planned for— (A) implementing the recommendations of the OIG reports referenced in clauses (iii) and (v); and (B) measurably reducing the FOIA and Congressional oversight requests backlog. 
GLOBAL INTERNET FREEDOM  S
EC. 7078. (a) F UNDING .—Of the funds avail-able for obligation during fiscal year 2018 under the headings ‘‘International Broad-casting Operations’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, not less than $50,500,000 shall be made available for programs to promote Internet freedom globally: Provided, That such programs shall be prioritized for countries whose govern-ments restrict freedom of expression on the Internet, and that are important to the na-tional interests of the United States: Pro- vided further, That funds made available pur-suant to this section shall be matched, to the maximum extent practicable, by sources other than the United States Government, including from the private sector. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Eu-rope, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ that are made available pursuant to subsection (a) shall be— (A) coordinated with other democracy pro-grams funded by this Act under such head-ings, and shall be incorporated into country assistance and democracy promotion strate-gies, as appropriate; (B) for programs to implement the May 2011, International Strategy for Cyberspace; the Department of State International Cyberspace Policy Strategy required by sec-tion 402 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (di-vision N of Public Law 114–113); and the com-prehensive strategy to promote Internet freedom and access to information in Iran, as required by section 414 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8754); (C) made available for programs that sup-port the efforts of civil society to counter the development of repressive Internet-re-lated laws and regulations, including coun-tering threats to Internet freedom at inter-national organizations; to combat violence against bloggers and other users; and to en-hance digital security training and capacity building for democracy activists; (D) made available for research of key threats to Internet freedom; the continued development of technologies that provide or enhance access to the Internet, including cir-cumvention tools that bypass Internet blocking, filtering, and other censorship techniques used by authoritarian govern-ments; and maintenance of the technological advantage of the United States Government over such censorship techniques: Provided, That the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), shall coordinate any such research and de-velopment programs with other relevant United States Government departments and agencies in order to share information, tech-nologies, and best practices, and to assess the effectiveness of such technologies; and (E) the responsibility of the Assistant Sec-retary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. (2) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Broadcasting Op-erations’’ that are made available pursuant to subsection (a) shall be— (A) made available only for tools and tech-niques to securely develop and distribute BBG digital content; facilitate audience ac-cess to such content on Web sites that are censored; coordinate the distribution of BBG digital content to targeted regional audi-ences; and to promote and distribute such tools and techniques, including digital secu-rity techniques; (B) coordinated with programs funded by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Broadcasting Operations’’, and shall be in-corporated into country broadcasting strate-gies, as appropriate; (C) coordinated by the BBG CEO to provide Internet circumvention tools and techniques for audiences in countries that are strategic priorities for the BBG and in a manner con-sistent with the BBG Internet freedom strat-egy; and (D) made available for the research and de-velopment of new tools or techniques author-ized in paragraph (A) only after the BBG CEO, in consultation with the Secretary of State and other relevant United States Gov-ernment departments and agencies, evalu-ates the risks and benefits of such new tools or techniques, and establishes safeguards to minimize the use of such new tools or tech-niques for illicit purposes. (c) C
OORDINATION AND SPEND PLANS .—After consultation among the relevant agency heads to coordinate and de-conflict planned activities, but not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the BBG CEO shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations spend plans for funds made available by this Act for pro-grams to promote Internet freedom globally, which shall include a description of safe-guards established by relevant agencies to ensure that such programs are not used for illicit purposes: Provided, That the Depart-ment of State spend plan shall include fund-ing for all such programs for all relevant De-partment of State and USAID offices and bu-reaus. 
IMPACT ON JOBS IN THE UNITED STATES  S
EC. 7079. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended to provide— (1) any financial incentive to a business en-terprise currently located in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00318 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6975 September 6, 2017 
States for the purpose of inducing such an enterprise to relocate outside the United States if such incentive or inducement is likely to reduce the number of employees of such business enterprise in the United States because United States production is being re-placed by such enterprise outside the United States; (2) assistance for any program, project, or activity that contributes to the violation of internationally recognized workers’ rights, as defined in section 507(4) of the Trade Act of 1974, of workers in the recipient country, including any designated zone or area in that country: Provided, That the application of section 507(4)(D) and (E) of such Act should be commensurate with the level of develop-ment of the recipient country and sector, and shall not preclude assistance for the in-formal sector in such country, micro and small-scale enterprise, and smallholder agri-culture; (3) any assistance to an entity outside the United States if such assistance is for the purpose of directly relocating or transferring jobs from the United States to other coun-tries and adversely impacts the labor force in the United States; or (4) for the enforcement of any rule, regula-tion, policy, or guidelines implemented pur-suant to— (A) the third proviso of subsection 7079(b) of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2010; (B) the modification proposed by the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation in No-vember 2013 to the Corporation’s Environ-mental and Social Policy Statement relating to coal; (C) the Supplemental Guidelines for High Carbon Intensity Projects approved by the Export-Import Bank of the United States on December 12, 2013; or (D) the World Bank Group’s Directions for the World Bank Group’s Energy Sector re-leased on July 16, 2013, when enforcement of such rule, regulation, policy, or guidelines would prohibit, or have the effect of prohibiting, any coal-fired or other power-generation project the purpose of which is to increase exports of goods and services from the United States or prevent the loss of jobs from the United States. 
QUORUM REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 7080. Section 1 of Public Law 106–46 (12 U.S.C. 635a note) is amended by striking ‘‘July 21, 1999, and ends on December 2, 1999’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ends on September 30, 2019’’: Provided, That the amendment made pursuant to this subpara-graph to such law shall take effect upon en-actment of this Act. TITLE VIII OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $2,975,971,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, of which $2,376,122,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of State may transfer up to $5,000,000 of the total funds made available under this head-ing to any other appropriation of any depart-ment or agency of the United States, upon the concurrence of the head of such depart-ment or agency, to support operations in and assistance for Afghanistan and to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That any such trans-fer shall be subject to the regular notifica-tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-priations: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, $68,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $54,900,000 shall be for the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) for reconstruction oversight: Pro- vided, That printing and reproduction costs of SIGAR shall not exceed amounts for such costs during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, any employee of SIGAR who completes at least 12 months of continuous service after the date of enactment of this Act or who is employed on the date on which SIGAR terminates, whichever occurs first, shall acquire competitive status for appoint-ment to any position in the competitive service for which the employee possesses the required qualifications: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
EMBASSY SECURITY , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’, $71,778,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for Worldwide Security Upgrades, acquisition, and construction as authorized: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. I
NTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS  
CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL  
ORGANIZATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Contribu-tions to International Organizations’’, $96,240,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL  
PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Contribu-tions for International Peacekeeping Activi-ties’’, $965,906,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $136,555,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, $2,500,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Disaster Assistance’’, $1,788,203,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
TRANSITION INITIATIVES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Transition Initiatives’’, $62,043,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, $2,353,672,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ to respond to ref-ugee crises, including in Africa, the Near East, South and Central Asia, and Europe and Eurasia, $2,231,198,000, to remain avail-able until expended, except that such funds shall not be made available for the resettle-ment costs of refugees in the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE D
EPARTMENT OF STATE  
INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment’’, $417,951,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $220,583,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Peace-keeping Operations’’, $325,213,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That funds available for obliga-tion under this heading in this Act may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00319 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6976 September 6, 2017 
used to pay assessed expenses of inter-national peacekeeping activities in Somalia, subject to the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations. F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, $460,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 8001. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for fis-cal year 2018. 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND CONDITIONS  S
EC. 8002. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act, the additional amounts appro-priated by this title to appropriations ac-counts in this Act shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts. 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND  S
EC. 8003. Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti- terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ shall be made available for the Counterter-rorism Partnerships Fund for security pro-grams in areas liberated from, under the in-fluence of, or adversely affected by, the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria or other ter-rorist organizations: Provided, That such areas shall include the Kurdistan Region of Iraq: Provided further, That prior to the obli-gation of funds made available pursuant to this subsection, the Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of such funds: Provided further, That the Secretary shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional com-mittees of each instance in which assistance provided pursuant to this section has been diverted or destroyed, to include the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an ex-planation of the response of the Department of State: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this section shall be subject to prior consultation with the appro-priate congressional committees and the reg-ular notification procedures of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. 
RESCISSION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8004. Of the unobligated balances available to the President under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, $156,913,000, which shall be derived from amounts under such heading previously designated by Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, are hereby rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are designated by Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
DESIGNATION  S
EC. 8005. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subse-quently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. TITLE IX—ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISION REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 9001. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 9002. Any reference to a ‘‘report ac-companying this Act’’ contained in this divi-sion shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–253. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the alloca-tion of funds provided by, and the implemen-tation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 9003. $0 This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION H—TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $108,899,000, of which not to ex-ceed $2,758,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Secretary; not to ex-ceed $1,040,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Deputy Secretary; not to exceed $20,772,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; not to exceed $10,033,000 shall be available for the Office of the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy; not to exceed $14,019,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Budget and Programs; not to ex-ceed $2,546,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Govern-mental Affairs; not to exceed $24,255,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration; not to exceed $2,142,000 shall be available for the Office of Public Affairs; not to exceed $1,760,000 shall be available for the Office of the Executive Secretariat; not to exceed $11,089,000 shall be available for the Office of Intelligence, Secu-rity, and Emergency Response; and not to exceed $18,485,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Transportation is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Sec-retary: Provided further, That no appropria-tion for any office shall be increased or de-creased by more than 10 percent by all such transfers: Provided further, That notice of any change in funding greater than 10 per-cent shall be submitted for approval to the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That not to exceed $60,000 shall be for allocation within the De-partment for official reception and represen-tation expenses as the Secretary may deter-mine: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, excluding fees au-thorized in Public Law 107–71, there may be credited to this appropriation up to $2,500,000 in funds received in user fees. RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses related to the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, $8,465,109, of which $2,618,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until ex-pended, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training: Provided further, That any reference in law, regulation, judicial proceedings, or elsewhere to the Research and Innovative Technology Administration shall continue to be deemed to be a reference to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transpor-tation. 
NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND  
INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU  For necessary expenses of the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Fi-nance Bureau authorized by 49 U.S.C. 116, $1,000,000 Provided, That the Secretary is re-quired to notify the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations prior to exer-cising the authorities of 49 U.S.C. 116(h). 
CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVES  For necessary expenses for cyber security initiatives, including necessary upgrades to wide area network and information tech-nology infrastructure, improvement of net-work perimeter controls and identity man-agement, testing and assessment of informa-tion technology against business, security, and other requirements, implementation of Federal cyber security initiatives and infor-mation infrastructure enhancements, and implementation of enhanced security con-trols on network devices, $15,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2019. 
OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $9,500,000. 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING , RESEARCH , AND 
DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for conducting transportation planning, research, systems development, development activities, and making grants, to remain available until ex-pended, $8,500,001: Provided, That of such amount, $3,000,000 shall be for necessary ex-penses of the Interagency Infrastructure Per-mitting Improvement Center (IIPIC): Pro- vided further, That there may be transferred to this appropriation, to remain available until expended, amounts transferred from other Federal agencies for expenses incurred under this heading for IIPIC activities not related to transportation infrastructure: Pro- vided further, That the tools and analysis de-veloped by the IIPIC shall be available to other Federal agencies for the permitting and review of major infrastructure projects not related to transportation only to the ex-tent that other Federal agencies provide funding to the Department as provided for under the previous proviso. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For necessary expenses for operating costs and capital outlays of the Working Capital Fund, not to exceed $202,245,000 shall be paid from appropriations made available to the Department of Transportation: Provided, That such services shall be provided on a competitive basis to entities within the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further, That the above limitation on operating ex-penses shall not apply to non-DOT entities: Provided further, That no funds appropriated in this Act to an agency of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00320 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6977 September 6, 2017 
shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without majority approval of the Working Capital Fund Steering Committee and approval of the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That no assessments may be levied against any program, budget activity, sub-activity or project funded by this Act unless notice of such assessments and the basis therefor are presented to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations and are approved by such Committees. 
MINORITY BUSINESS RESOURCE CENTER  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of the Minority Business Resource Center, the provision of financial education outreach activities to el-igible transportation-related small busi-nesses, the monitoring of existing loans in the guaranteed loan program, and the modi-fication of such loans of the Minority Busi-ness Resource Center, $500,301, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 332; Provided, That notwith-standing that section, these funds may be for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation. 
SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS  
UTILIZATION AND OUTREACH  For necessary expenses for small and dis-advantaged business utilization and outreach activities, $3,999,093, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not- withstanding 49 U.S.C. 332, these funds may be used for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation. 
PAYMENTS TO AIR CARRIERS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  In addition to funds made available from any other source to carry out the essential air service program under 49 U.S.C. 41731 through 41742, $150,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That in determining between or among car-riers competing to provide service to a com-munity, the Secretary may consider the rel-ative subsidy requirements of the carriers: Provided further, That basic essential air service minimum requirements shall not in-clude the 15-passenger capacity requirement under subsection 41732(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act or any other Act shall be used to enter into a new con-tract with a community located less than 40 miles from the nearest small hub airport be-fore the Secretary has negotiated with the community over a local cost share: Provided further, That amounts authorized to be dis-tributed for the essential air service program under subsection 41742(b) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made available imme-diately from amounts otherwise provided to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration: Provided further, That the Administrator may reimburse such amounts from fees credited to the account established under section 45303 of title 49, United States Code. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —OFFICE OF THE  
SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary of Transportation to approve as-sessments or reimbursable agreements per-taining to funds appropriated to the modal administrations in this Act, except for ac-tivities underway on the date of enactment of this Act, unless such assessments or agreements have completed the normal re-programming process for Congressional noti-fication. S
EC. 102. The Secretary shall post on the Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation a schedule of all meetings of the Council on Credit and Finance, including the agenda for each meeting, and require the Council on Credit and Finance to record the decisions and actions of each meeting. SEC. 103. In addition to authority provided by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department’s Working Capital Fund is hereby authorized to provide partial or full payments in advance and accept subsequent reimbursements from all Federal agencies from available funds for transit benefit dis-tribution services that are necessary to carry out the Federal transit pass transpor-tation fringe benefit program under Execu-tive Order 13150 and section 3049 of Public Law 109–59: Provided, That the Department shall maintain a reasonable operating re-serve in the Working Capital Fund, to be ex-pended in advance to provide uninterrupted transit benefits to Government employees; Provided further, That such reserve will not exceed one month of benefits payable and may be used only for the purpose of pro-viding for the continuation of transit bene-fits; Provided further, That the Working Cap-ital Fund will be fully reimbursed by each customer agency for the actual cost of the transit benefit. S
EC. 104. Hereafter, the Secretary may transfer to the National Surface Transpor-tation and Innovative Finance Bureau, for the purposes of the Bureau, funds allocated to the administrative costs of processing ap-plications for the programs referred to in 49 U.S.C. 116(d)(1) and funds allocated to any of-fice or office function that the Secretary de-termines has duties, responsibilities, re-sources, or expertise that support the pur-poses of the Bureau: Provided, That any such funds, or portions thereof, transferred to the Bureau may be transferred back to and merged with the original account. S
EC. 105. Section 503(l)(4) of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 823(l)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking the heading ‘‘S
AFETY AND  O
PERATIONS ACCOUNT ’’ and inserting the heading ‘‘N
ATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPOR -
TATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU AC-
COUNT , OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY ’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘the Safety and Operations account of the Fed-eral Railroad Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau account.’’ F
EDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses of the Federal Aviation Administration, not otherwise pro-vided for, including operations and research activities related to commercial space trans-portation, administrative expenses for re-search and development, establishment of air navigation facilities, the operation (in-cluding leasing) and maintenance of aircraft, subsidizing the cost of aeronautical charts and maps sold to the public, lease or pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only, in addition to amounts made available by Public Law 112–95, $10,185,482,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which $8,859,900,000 shall be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, of which not to exceed $7,691,814,000 shall be available for air traffic organization activities; not to exceed $1,309,749,000 shall be available for aviation safety activities; not to exceed $21,587,000 shall be available for commercial space transportation activities; not to exceed $777,506,000 shall be available for finance and management activities; not to exceed $59,951,000 shall be available for NextGen and operations planning activities; not to exceed $112,622,000 shall be available for security and hazardous materials safety; and not to ex-ceed $212,253,000 shall be available for staff offices: Provided, That not to exceed 5 per-cent of any budget activity, except for avia-tion safety budget activity, may be trans-ferred to any budget activity under this heading: Provided further, That no transfer may increase or decrease any appropriation by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That any transfer in excess of 5 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall transmit to Congress an annual update to the report sub-mitted to Congress in December 2004 pursu-ant to section 221 of Public Law 108–176: Pro- vided further, That the amount herein appro-priated shall be reduced by $100,000 for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a companion report that describes a comprehensive strategy for staffing, hiring, and training flight standards and aircraft certification staff in a format similar to the one utilized for the controller staffing plan, including stated attrition esti-mates and numerical hiring goals by fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount here-in appropriated shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to Congress: Provided further, That funds may be used to enter into a grant agreement with a non-profit standard-setting organization to assist in the development of aviation safety stand-ards: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for new appli-cants for the second career training pro-gram: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the Federal Aviation Administration to finalize or implement any regulation that would pro-mulgate new aviation user fees not specifi-cally authorized by law after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, foreign au-thorities, other public authorities, and pri-vate sources for expenses incurred in the pro-vision of agency services, including receipts for the maintenance and operation of air navigation facilities, and for issuance, re-newal or modification of certificates, includ-ing airman, aircraft, and repair station cer-tificates, or for tests related thereto, or for processing major repair or alteration forms: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this heading, not less than $162,000,000 shall be for the contract tower program, including the contract tower cost share program: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act for aeronautical chart-ing and cartography are available for activi-ties conducted by, or coordinated through, the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to eliminate the Con-tract Weather Observers program at any air-port. 
FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for acquisition, establishment, technical support services, improvement by contract or purchase, and hire of national airspace systems and experimental facilities and equipment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00321 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6978 September 6, 2017 
including initial acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; engineering and serv-ice testing, including construction of test fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; construction and furnishing of quarters and related accommodations for officers and employees of the Federal Avia-tion Administration stationed at remote lo-calities where such accommodations are not available; and the purchase, lease, or trans-fer of aircraft from funds available under this heading, including aircraft for aviation regulation and certification; to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, $2,855,000,000, of which $493,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019, $2,247,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and $115,000,000 shall re-main available until expended: Provided, That there may be credited to this appro-priation funds received from States, coun-ties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources, for expenses incurred in the establishment, improvement, and mod-ernization of national airspace systems: Pro- vided further, That no later than March 31, the Secretary of Transportation shall trans-mit to the Congress an investment plan for the Federal Aviation Administration which includes funding for each budget line item for fiscal years 2019 through 2023, with total funding for each year of the plan constrained to the funding targets for those years as esti-mated and approved by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. 
RESEARCH , ENGINEERING , AND DEVELOPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for research, engineering, and de-velopment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including construction of experimental fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant, $170,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipali-ties, other public authorities, and private sources, which shall be available for ex-penses incurred for research, engineering, and development. 
GRANTS -IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For liquidation of obligations incurred for grants-in-aid for airport planning and devel-opment, and noise compatibility planning and programs as authorized under sub-chapter I of chapter 471 and subchapter I of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, and under other law authorizing such obliga-tions; for procurement, installation, and commissioning of runway incursion preven-tion devices and systems at airports of such title; for grants authorized under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code; and for inspection activities and administration of airport safety programs, including those re-lated to airport operating certificates under section 44706 of title 49, United States Code, $3,000,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the planning or execution of pro-grams the obligations for which are in excess of $3,350,000,000 in fiscal year 2018, notwith-standing section 47117(g) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the replacement of baggage con-veyor systems, reconfiguration of terminal baggage areas, or other airport improve-ments that are necessary to install bulk ex-plosive detection systems: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 47109(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Govern-ment’s share of allowable project costs under paragraph (2) for subgrants or paragraph (3) of that section shall be 95 percent for a project at other than a large or medium hub airport that is a successive phase of a multi- phased construction project for which the project sponsor received a grant in fiscal year 2011 for the construction project: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, of funds limited under this heading, not more than $111,863,000 shall be available for administration, not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for the Airport Cooperative Research Program, and not less than $33,210,000 shall be available for Airport Technology Research. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 110. None of the funds in this Act may be used to compensate in excess of 600 tech-nical staff-years under the federally funded research and development center contract between the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development during fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 111. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to pursue or adopt guidelines or reg-ulations requiring airport sponsors to pro-vide to the Federal Aviation Administration without cost building construction, mainte-nance, utilities and expenses, or space in air-port sponsor-owned buildings for services re-lating to air traffic control, air navigation, or weather reporting: Provided, That the pro-hibition of funds in this section does not apply to negotiations between the agency and airport sponsors to achieve agreement on ‘‘below-market’’ rates for these items or to grant assurances that require airport sponsors to provide land without cost to the FAA for air traffic control facilities. S
EC. 112. The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may reimburse amounts made available to satisfy 49 U.S.C. 41742(a)(1) from fees credited under 49 U.S.C. 45303 and any amount remaining in such ac-count at the close of that fiscal year may be made available to satisfy section 41742(a)(1) for the subsequent fiscal year. S
EC. 113. Amounts collected under section 40113(e) of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to the appropriation current at the time of collection, to be merged with and available for the same purposes of such ap-propriation. S
EC. 114. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for paying premium pay under subsection 5546(a) of title 5, United States Code, to any Federal Aviation Administra-tion employee unless such employee actually performed work during the time cor-responding to such premium pay. S
EC. 115. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for an employee of the Federal Aviation Administration to pur-chase a store gift card or gift certificate through use of a Government-issued credit card. S
EC. 116. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for retention bo-nuses for an employee of the Federal Avia-tion Administration without the prior writ-ten approval of the Assistant Secretary for Administration of the Department of Trans-portation. S
EC. 117. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available under this Act or any prior Act may be used to implement or to continue to implement any limitation on the ability of any owner or operator of a private aircraft to obtain, upon a request to the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, a blocking of that owner’s or operator’s aircraft registra-tion number from any display of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Aircraft Situa-tional Display to Industry data that is made available to the public, except data made available to a Government agency, for the noncommercial flights of that owner or oper-ator. SEC. 118. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than nine political and Presidential ap-pointees in the Federal Aviation Administra-tion. S
EC. 119. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to increase fees pursuant to section 44721 of title 49, United States Code, until the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration provides to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations a report that justifies all fees related to aeronautical navigation products and explains how such fees are consistent with Executive Order 13642. S
EC. 119A. None of the funds in this Act may be used to close a regional operations center of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion or reduce its services unless the Admin-istrator notifies the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations not less than 90 full business days in advance. S
EC. 119B. None of the funds appropriated or limited by this Act may be used to change weight restrictions or prior permission rules at Teterboro airport in Teterboro, New Jer-sey. S
EC. 119C. None of the funds provided under this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to withhold from consideration and approval any application for participation in the Con-tract Tower Program, or for reevaluation of Cost-share Program participants, pending as of January 1, 2016, as long as the Federal Aviation Administration has received an ap-plication from the airport, and as long as the Administrator determines such tower is eli-gible using the factors set forth in the Fed-eral Aviation Administration report, Estab-lishment and Discontinuance Criteria for Airport Traffic Control Towers (FAA–APO– 90–7 as of August, 1990). S
EC. 119D. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, none of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be obligated or ex-pended to limit an Organization Designation Authorization holder from utilizing author-ized delegated functions, unless the FAA documents, through surveillance, oversight or accident/incident finding, a systemic air-worthiness noncompliance performance issue on the part of the ODA holder with regard to a specific function or where an ODA’s capa-bility has not been previously established in terms of a new compliance method or design feature: Provided, that where the FAA has limited the authority of the ODA the FAA shall work with the ODA holder to develop the capability to execute that function safe-ly and effectively. F
EDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Not to exceed $439,443,925, together with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Highway Administration, shall be obligated for necessary expenses for ad-ministration and operation of the Federal Highway Administration. In addition, $3,248,000 shall be transferred to the Appa-lachian Regional Commission in accordance with section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00322 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6979 September 6, 2017 
FEDERAL -AID HIGHWAYS  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  Funds available for the implementation or execution of Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under titles 23 and 49, United States Code, and the provisions of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act shall not exceed total obligations of $44,234,212,000 for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the Secretary may collect and spend fees, as authorized by title 23, United States Code, to cover the costs of services of expert firms, including counsel, in the field of municipal and project finance to assist in the underwriting and servicing of Federal credit instruments and all or a portion of the costs to the Federal Government of servicing such credit instru-ments: Provided further, That such fees are available until expended to pay for such costs: Provided further, That such amounts are in addition to administrative expenses that are also available for such purpose, and are not subject to any obligation limitation or the limitation on administrative expenses under section 608 of title 23, United States Code. 
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For the payment of obligations incurred in carrying out Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under title 23, United States Code, $44,973,212,000 derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count), to remain available until expended. 
(RESCISSION)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  Of the unobligated balances of funds appor-tioned among the States under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, a total of $800,000,000 is hereby permanently rescinded on November 30, 2017: Provided, That such re-scission shall not apply to funds distributed in accordance with sections 104(b)(3) and 130(f) of title 23, United States Code; section 133(d)(1)(A) of such title; the first sentence of section 133(d)(3)(A) of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141); sections 133(d)(1) and 163 of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59); and sec-tion 104(b)(5) of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141): Provided further, That such rescission shall not apply to funds that are exempt from the obligation limitation or subject to special no-year obligation limita-tion: Provided further, That the amount to be rescinded from a State shall be determined by multiplying the total amount of the re-scission by the ratio that the unobligated balances subject to the rescission as of Sep-tember 30, 2017, for the State; bears to the unobligated balances subject to the rescis-sion as of September 30, 2017, for all States: Provided further, That the amount to be re-scinded under this section from each pro-gram to which the rescission applies within a State shall be determined by multiplying the rescission amount calculated for such State by the ratio that the unobligated bal-ance as of September 30, 2017, for such pro-gram in such State; bears to the unobligated balances as of September 30, 2017, for all pro-grams to which the rescission applies in such State. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 120. (a) For fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall— (1) not distribute from the obligation limi-tation for Federal-aid highways— (A) amounts authorized for administrative expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and (B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of Transportation Statistics; (2) not distribute an amount from the obli-gation limitation for Federal-aid highways that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— (A) made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under sections 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and (B) for which obligation limitation was provided in a previous fiscal year; (3) determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways, less the aggregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to (B) the total of the sums authorized to be appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (11) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(12) for such fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section; (4) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) ap-plies) that are allocated by the Secretary under the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under sections 202 or 204 of that title, by multi-plying— (A) the proportion determined under para-graph (3); by (B) the amounts authorized to be appro-priated for each such program for such fiscal year; and (5) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code (other than the amounts apportioned for the National High-way Performance Program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(12) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— (A) amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for such fiscal year; bears to (B) the total of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for such fiscal year. (b) EXCEPTIONS FROM OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TION.—The obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways shall not apply to obligations under or for— (1) section 125 of title 23, United States Code; (2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); (3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); (4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); (5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); (6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); (7) section 157 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); (8) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (9) Federal-aid highway programs for which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; (10) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; and (12) section 119 of title 23, United States Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2018, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000). (c) REDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall, after August 1 of such fiscal year— (1) revise a distribution of the obligation limitation made available under subsection (a) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and (2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of Public Law 112–141) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. (d) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways shall apply to contract authority for transportation research pro-grams carried out under— (A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code; and (B) title VI of the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made available under paragraph (1) shall— (A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal years; and (B) be in addition to the amount of any limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. (e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  F
UNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of distribution of obligation limitation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— (A) are authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00323 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6980 September 6, 2017 
(B) the Secretary determines will not be allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for such fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for such fiscal year. (2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (a)(5). (3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. S
EC. 121. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received by the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics from the sale of data prod-ucts, for necessary expenses incurred pursu-ant to chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, may be credited to the Federal-aid highways account for the purpose of reim-bursing the Bureau for such expenses: Pro- vided, That such funds shall be subject to the obligation limitation for Federal-aid high-way and highway safety construction pro-grams. S
EC. 122. Not less than 15 days prior to waiving, under his or her statutory author-ity, any Buy America requirement for Fed-eral-aid highways projects, the Secretary of Transportation shall make an informal pub-lic notice and comment opportunity on the intent to issue such waiver and the reasons therefor: Provided, That the Secretary shall provide an annual report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on any waivers granted under the Buy America requirements. S
EC. 123. None of the funds in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to provide credit assistance unless not less than 3 days before any application ap-proval to provide credit assistance under sec-tions 603 and 604 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary of Transportation pro-vides notification in writing to the following committees: the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations; the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate; and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives: Provided, That such notification shall include, but not be limited to, the name of the project sponsor; a description of the project; whether credit assistance will be provided as a direct loan, loan guarantee, or line of credit; and the amount of credit assistance. S
EC. 124. None of the funds in this Act may be used to make a grant for a project under section 117 of title 23, United States Code, unless the Secretary, at least 60 days before making a grant under that section, provides written notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the pro-posed grant, including an evaluation and jus-tification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award. S
EC. 125. For this fiscal year, the Federal Highway Administration shall reinstate In-terim Approval IA-5, relating to the provi-sional use of an alternative lettering style on certain highway guide signs, as it existed before its termination, as announced in the Federal Register on January 25, 2016 [(81 Fed. Reg. 4083)]. S
EC. 126. Section 127(t) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading by inserting ‘‘N
ORTH DAKOTA AND ’’ before ‘‘I DAHO ’’; (2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘North Dakota or’’ before ‘‘Idaho’’; and (3) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘Idaho State law’’ and inserting ‘‘the law of the rel-evant State’’. FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY OPERATIONS AND  
PROGRAMS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the implementation, execution and administra-tion of motor carrier safety operations and programs pursuant to section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $283,000,000, to be derived from the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Tran-sit Account), together with advances and re-imbursements received by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the sum of which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds available for implemen-tation, execution or administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs au-thorized under title 49, United States Code, shall not exceed total obligations of $283,000,000 for ‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Oper-ations and Programs’’ for fiscal year 2018, of which $9,073,000, to remain available for obli-gation until September 30, 2020, is for the re-search and technology program, and of which $34,824,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, is for information management. 
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $374,800,000, to be de-rived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to re-main available until expended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of motor carrier safety pro-grams shall not exceed total obligations of $374,800,000 in fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Motor Car-rier Safety Grants’’; of which $298,900,000 shall be available for the motor carrier safe-ty assistance program, $31,800,000 shall be available for the commercial driver’s license program implementation program, $43,100,000 shall be available for the high priority ac-tivities program, and $1,000,000 shall be avail-able for the commercial motor vehicle opera-tors grant program: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for Commercial Vehi-cle Information Systems Network Develop-ment or other Motor Carrier Safety grants in the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178), SAFETEA-LU (Public Law 109–59), or other appropriation or authorization acts prior to Fiscal Year 2017, $100,000,000 in additional obligation lim-itation is provided for a highly automated commercial vehicle research and develop-ment program, in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 31108, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided further, That the ac-tivities funded by the previous proviso may be accomplished through direct expenditure, direct research activities, grants, coopera-tive agreements, contracts, intra or inter-agency agreements, other agreements with private and public organizations, and trans-fers to other Federal agencies for activities under this heading: Provided further, That such funds as necessary for payment of obli-gations incurred in carrying out this section shall be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account), to be available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL MOTOR  
CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 130. Funds appropriated or limited in this Act shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in section 350 of Public Law 107–87 and section 6901 of Public Law 110–28. SEC. 131. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall send notice of 49 CFR section 385.308 violations by certified mail, registered mail, or another manner of deliv-ery, which records the receipt of the notice by the persons responsible for the violations. S
EC. 132. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Transportation by this Act or any other Act may be obligated or expended to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the require-ments of section 31137 of title 49, United States Code, or any regulation issued by the Secretary pursuant to such section, with re-spect to the use of electronic logging devices by operators of commercial motor vehicles, as defined in section 31132(1) of such title, transporting livestock as defined in section 602 of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assist-ance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471) or insects. S
EC. 133. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to amend, revise or otherwise modify by rulemaking, guidance, or interpretation the regulations in effect on December 4, 2015 relating to safety fitness determinations for motor carriers until the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation makes the certifications set out in section 5223(a) of Public Law 114–94. S
EC. 134. FEDERAL AUTHORITY. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 14501(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (4)’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6) respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State, political sub-division of a State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibiting em-ployees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent per-mitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional ob-ligations on motor carriers if such employ-ees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section, including any related activities regulated under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(B) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to limit the provisions of paragraph (1).’’; (4) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated) by striking ‘‘Paragraph (1)—’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (2)—’’; and (5) in paragraph (4)(A) (as redesignated) by striking ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall have the force and effect as if enacted on the date of enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Au-thorization Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–305). N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary to discharge the functions of the Secretary, with respect to traffic and highway safety authorized under chapter 301 and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, $180,075,000, of which $20,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00324 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6981 September 6, 2017 
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of 23 U.S.C. 403, section 4011 of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, $149,000,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2018, are in excess of $149,000,000, of which $143,700,000 shall be for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 403 and $5,300,000 shall be for the National Driver Register au-thorized under chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That within the $149,000,000 obligation limitation for op-erations and research, $20,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019, and shall be in addition to the amount of any limitation imposed on obligations for future years. 
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out provisions of 23 U.S.C. 402, 404 and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, to re-main available until expended, $597,629,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): Pro- vided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execu-tion of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2018, are in excess of $597,629,000 for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 402, 404 and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation Act, of which $261,200,000 shall be for ‘‘Highway Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 402; $280,200,000 shall be for ‘‘National Pri-ority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405; $29,900,000 shall be for ‘‘High Visibility En-forcement Program’’ under 23 U.S.C. 404; $26,329,000 shall be for ‘‘Administrative Ex-penses’’ under section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act: Pro- vided further, That none of these funds shall be used for construction, rehabilitation, or remodeling costs, or for office furnishings and fixtures for State, local or private build-ings or structures: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 of the funds made available for ‘‘National Priority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405 for ‘‘Impaired Driving Countermeasures’’ (as described in sub-section (d) of that section) shall be available for technical assistance to the States: Pro- vided further, That with respect to the ‘‘Transfers’’ provision under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(8), any amounts transferred to in-crease the amounts made available under section 402 shall include the obligation au-thority for such amounts: Provided further, That the Administrator shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions of any exercise of the authority grant-ed under the previous proviso or under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(8) within 5 days. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 140. An additional $130,000 shall be made available to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, out of the amount limited for section 402 of title 23, United States Code, to pay for travel and re-lated expenses for State management re-views and to pay for core competency devel-opment training and related expenses for highway safety staff. SEC. 141. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration set in this Act shall not apply to obligations for which obli-gation authority was made available in pre-vious public laws but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used. S
EC. 142. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to obligate or award funds for the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration’s National Roadside Sur-vey. S
EC. 143. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to mandate global positioning system (GPS) tracking in private passenger motor vehicles without providing full and appropriate consideration of privacy concerns under 5 U.S.C. chapter 5, sub-chapter II. F
EDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  
SAFETY AND OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses of the Federal Rail-road Administration, not otherwise provided for, $218,298,000, of which $15,900,000 shall re-main available until expended. 
RAILROAD RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for railroad re-search and development, $40,100,000, to re-main available until expended. 
RAILROAD REHABILITATION AND IMPROVEMENT  
FINANCING PROGRAM  The Secretary of Transportation is author-ized to issue direct loans and loan guaran-tees pursuant to sections 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–210), as amended, such authority shall exist as long as any such direct loan or loan guarantee is outstanding: Provided, That pursuant to sec-tion 502 of such Act, as amended, no new di-rect loans or loan guarantee commitments shall be made using Federal funds for the credit risk premium during fiscal year 2018, except for federal funds awarded in accord-ance with section 3028(c) of Public Law 114– 94. 
FEDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR STATE OF  
GOOD REPAIR  For necessary expenses related to Federal- State Partnership for State of Good Repair grants as authorized by section 24911 of title 49, United States Code, $500,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of award and project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24911 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That in selecting an applicant for a grant, the Secretary shall first give pref-erence to eligible projects for which the en-vironmental impact statement required under the National Environmental Policy Act and design work is already complete at the time of the grant application review, or to projects that address major critical assets which have conditions that pose a substan-tial risk now or in the future to the reli-ability of train service. 
CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE AND  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses related to Consoli-dated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Im-provements Grants as authorized by section 24407 of title 49, United States Code, $25,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of award and project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24407 of title 49, United States Code. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR GRANTS TO THE  
NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the Northeast Corridor as author-ized by section 11101(a) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $328,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to one-half of 1 per-cent of the funds provided under both this heading and the ‘‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion’’ heading to fund the costs of project management and oversight of activities au-thorized by section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94: Provided further, That in addition to the project management over-sight funds authorized under section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94, the Sec-retary may retain up to an additional $5,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading and the ‘‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ heading, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made avail-able to bring Amtrak-served facilities and stations into compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
NATIONAL NETWORK GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL  
RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the National Network as author-ized by section 11101(b) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $1,100,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to an addi-tional $2,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the State-Supported Route Committee established under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 150. None of the funds provided to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation may be used to fund any overtime costs in excess of $35,000 for any individual employee: Provided, That the President of Amtrak may waive the cap set in the previous proviso for specific employees when the President of Amtrak determines such a cap poses a risk to the safety and operational efficiency of the system: Provided further, That the Presi-dent of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations each quarter within 30 days of such quarter of the calendar year on waivers granted to employ-ees and amounts paid above the cap for each month within such quarter and delineate the reasons each waiver was granted: Provided further, That the President of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations by March 1, 2018, a sum-mary of all overtime payments incurred by the Corporation for 2017 and the three prior calendar years: Provided further, That such summary shall include the total number of employees that received waivers and the total overtime payments the Corporation paid to those employees receiving waivers for each month for 2017 and for the three prior calendar years. S
EC. 151. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for high-speed rail in the State of California or for the Cali-fornia High-Speed Rail Authority, nor may any be used by the Federal Railroad Admin-istration to administer a grant agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00325 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6982 September 6, 2017 
with the California High-Speed Rail Author-ity that contains a tapered matching re-quirement. S
EC. 152. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Surface Transportation Board to take any actions with respect to the construction of a high speed rail project in California unless the permit is issued by the Board with respect to the project in its entirety. F
EDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary administrative expenses of the Federal Transit Administration’s pro-grams authorized by chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, $110,794,692: Provided, That none of the funds provided or limited in this Act may be used to create a permanent office of transit security under this heading: Provided further, That upon submission to the Congress of the fiscal year 2019 Presi-dent’s budget, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall transmit to Congress the annual report on New Starts, including proposed al-locations for fiscal year 2019. 
TRANSIT FORMULA GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the Federal Public Transportation Assistance Program in this account, and for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the pro-visions of 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, and section 3006(b) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $10,300,000,000, to be derived from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund and to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of pro-grams authorized under 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, and section 3006(b) of the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act, shall not exceed total obligations of $9,733,353,407 in fiscal year 2018. 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING  For necessary expenses to carry out 49 U.S.C. 5314, $5,000,000. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out 49 U.S.C. 5309, $1,752,989,851, to remain available until expended, of which $1,007,929,851 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(d) of title 49, United States Code, $145,700,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(e) of such title, $182,000,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(h) of the title, and $400,000,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(q): Provided, That the Secretary shall continue to administer the Capital Investment Grant Program in accordance with the procedural and substantive requirements of section 5309 of title 49. 
GRANTS TO THE WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN  
AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY  For grants to the Washington Metropoli-tan Area Transit Authority as authorized under section 601 of division B of Public Law 110–432, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall approve grants for cap-ital and preventive maintenance expendi-tures for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority only after receiving and reviewing a request for each specific project: Provided further, That prior to approving such grants, the Secretary shall certify that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is making progress to improve its safety management system in response to the Federal Transit Administration’s 2015 safety management inspection: Provided fur-ther, That prior to approving such grants, the Secretary shall certify that the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is making progress toward full implementa-tion of the corrective actions identified in the 2014 Financial Management Oversight Review Report: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine that the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority has placed the highest priority on those in-vestments that will improve the safety of the system before approving such grants: Provided further, That the Secretary, in order to ensure safety throughout the rail system, may waive the requirements of section 601(e)(1) of division B of Public Law 110–432 (112 Stat. 4968). ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 160. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the Federal Transit Admin-istration shall not apply to any authority under 49 U.S.C. 5338, previously made avail-able for obligation, or to any other authority previously made available for obligation. S
EC. 161. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated or limited by this Act under the heading ‘‘Fixed Guideway Capital Investment’’ of the Federal Transit Administration for projects specified in this Act or identified in reports accompanying this Act not obligated by September 30, 2022, and other recoveries, shall be directed to projects eligible to use the funds for the pur-poses for which they were originally pro-vided. S
EC. 162. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds appropriated before October 1, 2017, under any section of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that re-main available for expenditure, may be transferred to and administered under the most recent appropriation heading for any such section. S
EC. 163. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds in this or any other Act may be available to advance in any way a new light or heavy rail project to-wards a full funding grant agreement as de-fined by 49 U.S.C. 5309 for the Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas if the proposed capital project is constructed on or planned to be constructed on Rich-mond Avenue west of South Shepherd Drive or on Post Oak Boulevard north of Richmond Avenue in Houston, Texas. (b) The Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas, may attempt to con-struct or construct a new fixed guideway capital project, including light rail, in the locations referred to in subsection (a) if— (1) voters in the jurisdiction that includes such locations approve a ballot proposition that specifies routes on Richmond Avenue west of South Shepherd Drive or on Post Oak Boulevard north of Richmond Avenue in Houston, Texas; and (2) the proposed construction of such routes is part of a comprehensive, multi- modal, service-area wide transportation plan that includes multiple additional segments of fixed guideway capital projects, including light rail for the jurisdiction set forth in the ballot proposition. The ballot language shall include reasonable cost estimates, sources of revenue to be used and the total amount of bonded indebtedness to be incurred as well as a description of each route and the beginning and end point of each proposed transit project. SEC. 164. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this Act shall be used to enter into a full funding grant agreement for a project with a New Starts share greater than 50 percent. S
AINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY DEVELOPMENT  C
ORPORATION  The Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments with-out regard to fiscal year limitations as pro-vided by section 104 of the Government Cor-poration Control Act, as amended, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the Corporation’s budget for the cur-rent fiscal year. 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  
(HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses to conduct the op-erations, maintenance, and capital asset re-newal activities of those portions of the St. Lawrence Seaway owned, operated, and maintained by the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, $31,346,012, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, pursuant to Public Law 99–662. Of that amount, $12,500,000 to be used on asset re-newal activities shall be made available through September 30, 2019. M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.-flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $300,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
OPERATIONS AND TRAINING  For necessary expenses of operations and training activities authorized by law, $175,620,000, of which $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of training ships at State Mari-time Academies, and of which $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program for State Maritime Academies and National Se-curity, and of which $2,400,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for the Student Incentive Program at State Mari-time Academies, and of which $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance payments, and of which $18,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for facilities maintenance and repair, equipment, and capital improvements at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and of which $3,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for Maritime En-vironment and Technology Assistance pro-gram authorized under section 50307 of title 46, United States Code: Provided, That not later than February 1, 2018, the Adminis-trator of the Maritime Administration shall transmit to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations the annual report on sexual assault and sexual harassment at the United States Merchant Marine Academy as required pursuant to section 3507 of Public Law 110–417. 
ASSISTANCE TO SMALL SHIPYARDS  To make grants to qualified shipyards as authorized under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by Public Law 113–281, $3,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Avail-ability no later than 15 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That from appli-cations submitted under the previous pro-viso, the Secretary of Transportation shall make grants no later than 120 days after en-actment of this Act in such amounts as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00326 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6983 September 6, 2017 
Secretary determines: Provided further, That not to exceed 2 percent of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for necessary costs of grant administration. 
SHIP DISPOSAL  For necessary expenses related to the dis-posal of obsolete vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet of the Maritime Admin-istration, $9,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
MARITIME GUARANTEED LOAN (TITLE XI)  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the guaranteed loan program, $3,000,000, which shall be transferred to and merged for use by the Office of the Secretary’s National Surface Transportation and Innovative Fi-nance Bureau to administer the Title XI pro-gram in addition to those programs listed in 49 U.S.C. 116(d)(1) . 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —MARITIME  
ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 170. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, in addition to any existing authority, the Maritime Administration is authorized to furnish utilities and services and make necessary repairs in connection with any lease, contract, or occupancy in-volving Government property under control of the Maritime Administration: Provided, That payments received therefor shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That rental payments under any such lease, contract, or occupancy for items other than such utili-ties, services, or repairs shall be covered into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. S
EC. 171. None of the funds available or ap-propriated in this Act shall be used by the United States Department of Transportation or the United States Maritime Administra-tion to negotiate or otherwise execute, enter into, facilitate or perform fee-for-service contracts for vessel disposal, scrapping or re-cycling, unless there is no qualified domestic ship recycler that will pay any sum of money to purchase and scrap or recycle a vessel owned, operated or managed by the Maritime Administration or that is part of the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet: Provided, That such sales offers must be consistent with the solicitation and provide that the work will be performed in a timely manner at a facil-ity qualified within the meaning of section 3502 of Public Law 106–398: Provided further, That nothing contained herein shall affect the Maritime Administration’s authority to award contracts at least cost to the Federal Government and consistent with the require-ments of 54 U.S.C. 308704, section 3502, or oth-erwise authorized under the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation. 
PENALTY WAGES  S
EC. 172. (a) Foreign and Intercoastal Voyages.— Section 10313(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘the seaman’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. (b) Coastwise Voyages.—Section 10504(c) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘the seaman’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a seaman who is a claimant in the suit’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONAL EXPENSES  For necessary operational expenses of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $20,500,000. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  For expenses necessary to discharge the hazardous materials safety functions of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $57,000,000, of which $7,570,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That up to $800,000 in fees col-lected under 49 U.S.C. 5108(g) shall be depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury as offsetting receipts: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until expended, funds re-ceived from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training, for re-ports publication and dissemination, and for travel expenses incurred in performance of hazardous materials exemptions and approv-als functions. 
PIPELINE SAFETY  
(PIPELINE SAFETY FUND)  
(OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND)  For expenses necessary to conduct the functions of the pipeline safety program, for grants-in-aid to carry out a pipeline safety program, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 60107, and to discharge the pipeline program re-sponsibilities of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $162,000,000, of which $23,000,000 shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund and shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and of which $131,000,000 shall be de-rived from the Pipeline Safety Fund, of which $64,736,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and of which $8,000,000 shall be derived from fees collected under 49 U.S.C. 60302 and deposited in the Under-ground Natural Gas Storage Facility Safety Account and shall remain available for car-rying out 49 U.S.C. 60141, of which $6,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS GRANTS  
(EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FUND)  Notwithstanding the fiscal year limitation specified in 49 U.S.C. 5116, not more than $28,318,000 shall be made available for obliga-tion in fiscal year 2018 from amounts made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), and 5128(b) and (c): Provided, That notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5116(h)(4), not more than 4 percent of the amounts made available from this account shall be available to pay administrative costs: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), 5128(b), or 5128(c) shall be made available for obligation by individuals other than the Sec-retary of Transportation, or his or her des-ignee: Provided further, That notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5128(b) and (c) and the current year obligation limitation, prior year recoveries recognized in the current year shall be avail-able to develop a hazardous materials re-sponse training curriculum for emergency responders, including response activities for the transportation of crude oil, ethanol and other flammable liquids by rail, consistent with National Fire Protection Association standards, and to make such training avail-able through an electronic format: Provided further, That the prior year recoveries made available under this heading shall also be available to carry out 49 U.S.C. 5116(a)(1)(C) and 5116(i). OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Inspector General to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $92,152,000: Provided, That the In-spector General shall have all necessary au-thority, in carrying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act, as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allegations of fraud, including false statements to the gov-ernment (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any person or en-tity that is subject to regulation by the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading may be used to investigate, pursu-ant to section 41712 of title 49, United States Code: (1) unfair or deceptive practices and unfair methods of competition by domestic and foreign air carriers and ticket agents; and (2) the compliance of domestic and for-eign air carriers with respect to item (1) of this proviso. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  T
RANSPORTATION  S
EC. 180. (a) During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations to the Department of Transportation shall be available for maintenance and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of liability insurance for motor ve-hicles operating in foreign countries on offi-cial department business; and uniforms or al-lowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902). (b) During the current fiscal year, applica-ble appropriations to the Department and its operating administrations shall be available for the purchase, maintenance, operation, and deployment of unmanned aircraft sys-tems that advance the Department’s, or its operating administrations’, missions. (c) Any unmanned aircraft system pur-chased or procured by the Department prior to the enactment of this Act shall be deemed authorized. S
EC. 181. Appropriations contained in this Act for the Department of Transportation shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for an Executive Level IV. S
EC. 182. (a) No recipient of funds made available in this Act shall disseminate per-sonal information (as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(3)) obtained by a State department of motor vehicles in connection with a motor vehicle record as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(1), except as provided in 18 U.S.C. 2721 for a use permitted under 18 U.S.C. 2721. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall not withhold funds provided in this Act for any grantee if a State is in noncompliance with this provision. S
EC. 183. Funds received by the Federal Highway Administration and Federal Rail-road Administration from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training may be credited respectively to the Federal Highway Administration’s ‘‘Federal- Aid Highways’’ account and to the Federal Railroad Administration’s ‘‘Safety and Oper-ations’’ account, except for State rail safety inspectors participating in training pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 20105. S
EC. 184. (a) None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, or discretionary grant totaling $500,000 or more unless the Secretary of Transportation notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions not less than 3 full business days before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00327 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6984 September 6, 2017 
any project competitively selected to receive any discretionary grant award, letter of in-tent, loan commitment, loan guarantee com-mitment, line of credit commitment, or full funding grant agreement is announced by the Department or its modal administra-tions: Provided, That the Secretary gives concurrent notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations for any ‘‘quick release’’ of funds from the emer-gency relief program: Provided further, That no notification shall involve funds that are not available for obligation. (b) In addition to the notification required in subsection (a), none of the funds made available in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, or discre-tionary grant unless the Secretary of Trans-portation provides the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a comprehen-sive list of all such loans, loan guarantees, lines of credit, or discretionary grants that will be announced not less the 3 full business days before such announcement: Provided, That the requirement to provide a list in this subsection does not apply to any ‘‘quick release’’ of funds from the emergency relief program: Provided further, That no list shall involve funds that are not available for obli-gation. S
EC. 185. Rebates, refunds, incentive pay-ments, minor fees and other funds received by the Department of Transportation from travel management centers, charge card pro-grams, the subleasing of building space, and miscellaneous sources are to be credited to appropriations of the Department of Trans-portation and allocated to elements of the Department of Transportation using fair and equitable criteria and such funds shall be available until expended. S
EC. 186. Amounts made available in this or any other Act that the Secretary deter-mines represent improper payments by the Department of Transportation to a third- party contractor under a financial assistance award, which are recovered pursuant to law, shall be available— (1) to reimburse the actual expenses in-curred by the Department of Transportation in recovering improper payments; and (2) to pay contractors for services provided in recovering improper payments or con-tractor support in the implementation of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002: Provided, That amounts in excess of that re-quired for paragraphs (1) and (2)— (A) shall be credited to and merged with the appropriation from which the improper payments were made, and shall be available for the purposes and period for which such appropriations are available: Provided fur-ther, That where specific project or account-ing information associated with the im-proper payment or payments is not readily available, the Secretary may credit an ap-propriate account, which shall be available for the purposes and period associated with the account so credited; or (B) if no such appropriation remains avail-able, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That prior to the transfer of any such recov-ery to an appropriations account, the Sec-retary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the amount and reasons for such transfer: Pro- vided further, That for purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘improper payments’’ has the same meaning as that provided in section 2(d)(2) of Public Law 107–300. S
EC. 187. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, if any funds provided in or lim-ited by this Act are subject to a reprogram-ming action that requires notice to be pro-vided to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, transmission of said re-programming notice shall be provided solely to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations, and said reprogramming action shall be approved or denied solely by the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided, That the Secretary of Trans-portation may provide notice to other con-gressional committees of the action of the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions on such reprogramming but not sooner than 30 days following the date on which the reprogramming action has been approved or denied by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. SEC. 188. Funds appropriated in this Act to the modal administrations may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary for the costs related to assessments or reimbursable agreements only when such amounts are for the costs of goods and services that are pur-chased to provide a direct benefit to the ap-plicable modal administration or adminis-trations. S
EC. 189. The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to carry out a program that es-tablishes uniform standards for developing and supporting agency transit pass and tran-sit benefits authorized under section 7905 of title 5, United States Code, including dis-tribution of transit benefits by various paper and electronic media. S
EC. 190. The Department of Transpor-tation may use funds provided by this Act, or any other Act, to assist a contract under title 49 U.S.C. or title 23 U.S.C. utilizing geo-graphic, economic, or any other hiring pref-erence not otherwise authorized by law, or to amend a rule, regulation, policy or other measure that forbids a recipient of a Federal Highway Administration or Federal Transit Administration grant from imposing such hiring preference on a contract or construc-tion project with which the Department of Transportation is assisting, only if the grant recipient certifies the following: (1) that except with respect to apprentices or trainees, a pool of readily available but unemployed individuals possessing the knowledge, skill, and ability to perform the work that the contract requires resides in the jurisdiction; (2) that the grant recipient will include ap-propriate provisions in its bid document en-suring that the contractor does not displace any of its existing employees in order to sat-isfy such hiring preference; and (3) that any increase in the cost of labor, training, or delays resulting from the use of such hiring preference does not delay or dis-place any transportation project in the ap-plicable Statewide Transportation Improve-ment Program or Transportation Improve-ment Program. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Transportation Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT M
ANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
EXECUTIVE OFFICES  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ex-ecutive Offices, which shall be comprised of the offices of the Secretary, Deputy Sec-retary, Adjudicatory Services, Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Public Af-fairs, Small and Disadvantaged Business Uti-lization, and the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, $14,708,000: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $25,000 of the amount made available under this heading shall be available to the Secretary for offi-cial reception and representation expenses as the Secretary may determine. 
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OFFICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ad-ministrative Support Offices, $518,303,000, of which $10,762,000 shall be available for, in-cluding the establishment of, the Office of the Chief Operations Officer; $50,340,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Finan-cial Officer; $92,006,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; $205,873,000 shall be available for the Office of Adminis-tration; $38,245,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer; $49,588,000 shall be available for the Office of Field Policy and Management; $19,065,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer; $3,570,000 shall be avail-able for the Office of Departmental Equal Employment Opportunity; $4,975,000 shall be available for the Office of Strategic Planning and Management; and $43,879,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Informa-tion Officer: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be used for necessary administrative and non-administrative ex-penses of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, not otherwise provided for, including purchase of uniforms, or allow-ances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for adver-tising and promotional activities that di-rectly support program activities funded in this title: Provided further, That in addition to the transfer authority under section 221 of this Act, of the amount appropriated for the Office of the Chief Operations Officer under this heading, the Secretary may transfer up to $10,000,000 to the heading ‘‘Information Technology Fund’’: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations quar-terly written notification regarding the sta-tus of pending congressional reports: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall pro-vide in electronic form all signed reports re-quired by Congress. PROGRAM OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Public and Indian Housing, $216,633,000. 
COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Community Planning and Develop-ment, $107,554,000. 
HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Housing, $392,000,000. 
POLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Policy Development and Research, $24,065,000. 
FAIR HOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-tunity, $69,808,000. 
OFFICE OF LEAD HAZARD CONTROL AND  
HEALTHY HOMES  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes, $7,600,000. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the working capital fund for the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Fund’’), pursuant, in part, to section 7(f) of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(f)), amounts transferred to the Fund under this heading shall be available for Federal shared services used by offices and agencies of the Depart-ment, and for such portion of any office or agency’s printing, records management, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00328 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6985 September 6, 2017 
space renovation, furniture, supply services, or other shared services as the Secretary de-termines shall be derived from centralized sources made available by the Department to all offices and agencies and funded through the Fund: Provided, That of the amounts made available in this title for salaries and expenses under the headings ‘‘Executive Of-fices’’, ‘‘Administrative Support Offices’’, ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’, and ‘‘Government National Mortgage Associa-tion’’, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund such amounts, to remain available until expended, as are necessary to fund services, specified in the matter preceding the first proviso, for which the appropriation would otherwise have been available, and may transfer not to exceed an additional $5,000,000, in aggregate, from all such appro-priations, to be merged with the Fund and to remain available until expended for use for any office or agency: Provided further, That amounts in the Fund shall be the only amounts available to each office or agency of the Department for the services, or portion of services, specified in the matter preceding the first proviso: Provided further, That with respect to the Fund, the authorities and con-ditions under this heading shall supplement the authorities and conditions provided under section 7(f): Provided further, That up to $6,550,000 in the Fund may be available for the management reporting initiative to im-prove the effectiveness of enterprise data governance, analysis, and reporting, includ-ing information technology investments to make such improvements: Provided further, That to carry out the previous proviso, the Secretary shall transfer any amounts for re-lated information technology investments to the heading ‘‘Information Technology Fund’’. P
UBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  
TENANT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of tenant-based rental assistance au-thorized under the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’ herein), not otherwise pro-vided for, $16,486,725,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2017 (in addition to the $4,000,000,000 pre-viously appropriated under this heading that shall be available on October 1, 2017), and $4,000,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading are provided as follows: (1) $18,709,725,000 shall be available for re-newals of expiring section 8 tenant-based an-nual contributions contracts (including re-newals of enhanced vouchers under any pro-vision of law authorizing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act) and including renewal of other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, from amounts provided under this paragraph and any car-ryover, the Secretary for the calendar year 2018 funding cycle shall provide renewal funding for each public housing agency based on validated voucher management system (VMS) leasing and cost data for the prior cal-endar year and by applying an inflation fac-tor as established by the Secretary, by no-tice published in the Federal Register, and by making any necessary adjustments for the costs associated with the first-time re-newal of vouchers under this paragraph in-cluding tenant protection, HOPE VI, and Choice Neighborhoods vouchers: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this paragraph may be used to fund a total number of unit months under lease which ex-ceeds a public housing agency’s authorized level of units under contract, except for pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration, which are instead gov-erned by the terms and conditions of their MTW agreements: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the extent necessary to stay within the amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph), prorate each public housing agency’s allocation otherwise estab-lished pursuant to this paragraph: Provided further, That except as provided in the fol-lowing provisos, the entire amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph) shall be obli-gated to the public housing agencies based on the allocation and pro rata method de-scribed above, and the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies of their annual budg-et by the later of 60 days after enactment of this Act or March 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary may extend the notifica-tion period with the prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursuant to their MTW agreements and in accordance with the requirements of the MTW program and shall be subject to the same pro rata ad-justments under the previous provisos: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may offset public housing agencies’ calendar year 2018 allocations based on the excess amounts of public housing agencies’ net restricted assets accounts, including HUD held programmatic reserves (in accordance with VMS data in calendar year 2017 that is verifiable and com-plete), as determined by the Secretary: Pro- vided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall also be subject to the offset, as deter-mined by the Secretary from the agencies’ calendar year 2018 MTW funding allocation: Provided further, That the Secretary shall use any offset referred to in the previous two provisos throughout the calendar year to prevent the termination of rental assistance for families as the result of insufficient fund-ing, as determined by the Secretary, and to avoid or reduce the proration of renewal funding allocations: Provided further, That up to $100,000,000 shall be available only: (1) for adjustments in the allocations for public housing agencies, after application for an ad-justment by a public housing agency that ex-perienced a significant increase, as deter-mined by the Secretary, in renewal costs of vouchers resulting from unforeseen cir-cumstances or from portability under sec-tion 8(r) of the Act; (2) for vouchers that were not in use during the previous 12-month period in order to be available to meet a commitment pursuant to section 8(o)(13) of the Act; (3) for adjustments for costs associ-ated with HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD–VASH) vouchers; and (4) for public housing agencies that despite taking reasonable cost savings measures, as deter-mined by the Secretary, would otherwise be required to terminate rental assistance for families as a result of insufficient funding: Provided further, That the Secretary shall al-locate amounts under the previous proviso based on need, as determined by the Sec-retary; (2) $60,000,000 shall be for section 8 rental assistance for relocation and replacement of housing units that are demolished or dis-posed of pursuant to section 18 of the Act, conversion of section 23 projects to assist-ance under section 8, the family unification program under section 8(x) of the Act, relo-cation of witnesses in connection with ef-forts to combat crime in public and assisted housing pursuant to a request from a law en-forcement or prosecution agency, enhanced vouchers under any provision of law author-izing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act, HOPE VI and Choice Neighborhood vouchers, mandatory and voluntary conver-sions, and tenant protection assistance in-cluding replacement and relocation assist-ance or for project-based assistance to pre-vent the displacement of unassisted elderly tenants currently residing in section 202 properties financed between 1959 and 1974 that are refinanced pursuant to Public Law 106–569, as amended, or under the authority as provided under this Act: Provided, That when a public housing development is sub-mitted for demolition or disposition under section 18 of the Act, the Secretary may pro-vide section 8 rental assistance when the units pose an imminent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That the Secretary may only provide replacement vouchers for units that were occupied within the previous 24 months that cease to be available as assisted housing, subject only to the availability of funds: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this paragraph, $5,000,000 may be available to provide tenant protection assistance, not otherwise provided under this paragraph, to residents residing in low vacancy areas and who may have to pay rents greater than 30 percent of household income, as the result of: (A) the maturity of a HUD-insured, HUD- held or section 202 loan that requires the per-mission of the Secretary prior to loan pre-payment; (B) the expiration of a rental as-sistance contract for which the tenants are not eligible for enhanced voucher or tenant protection assistance under existing law; or (C) the expiration of affordability restric-tions accompanying a mortgage or preserva-tion program administered by the Secretary: Provided further, That such tenant protection assistance made available under the previous proviso may be provided under the authority of section 8(t) or section 8(o)(13) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(t)): Provided further, That any tenant protection voucher made available from amounts under this paragraph shall not be reissued by any public housing agency, ex-cept the replacement vouchers as defined by the Secretary by notice, when the initial family that received any such voucher no longer receives such voucher, and the au-thority for any public housing agency to issue any such voucher shall cease to exist: Provided further, That the Secretary may provide section 8 rental assistance from amounts made available under this para-graph for units assisted under a project- based subsidy contract funded under the ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’ heading under this title where the owner has received a Notice of Default and the units pose an im-minent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That to the extent that the Secretary determines that such units are not feasible for continued rental assistance pay-ments or transfer of the subsidy contract as-sociated with such units to another project or projects and owner or owners, any remain-ing amounts associated with such units under such contract shall be recaptured and used to reimburse amounts used under this paragraph for rental assistance under the preceding proviso; (3) $1,550,000,000 shall be for administrative and other expenses of public housing agen-cies in administering the section 8 tenant- based rental assistance program, of which up to $10,000,000 shall be available to the Sec-retary to allocate to public housing agencies that need additional funds to administer their section 8 programs, including fees asso-ciated with section 8 tenant protection rent-al assistance, the administration of disaster related vouchers, Veterans Affairs Sup-portive Housing vouchers, and other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That no less than $1,540,000,000 of the amount 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00329 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6986 September 6, 2017 
provided in this paragraph shall be allocated to public housing agencies for the calendar year 2018 funding cycle based on section 8(q) of the Act (and related Appropriation Act provisions) as in effect immediately before the enactment of the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–276): Provided further, That if the amounts made available under this para-graph are insufficient to pay the amounts de-termined under the previous proviso, the Secretary may decrease the amounts allo-cated to agencies by a uniform percentage applicable to all agencies receiving funding under this paragraph or may, to the extent necessary to provide full payment of amounts determined under the previous pro-viso, utilize unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryovers, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading from prior fiscal years, excluding special purpose vouchers, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That all pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursu-ant to their MTW agreements, and in accord-ance with the requirements of the MTW pro-gram and shall be subject to the same uni-form percentage decrease as under the pre-vious proviso: Provided further, That amounts provided under this paragraph shall be only for activities related to the provision of ten-ant-based rental assistance authorized under section 8, including related development ac-tivities; (4) $150,000,000 for the renewal of tenant- based assistance contracts under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), including necessary administrative expenses: Provided, That administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the special purpose vouchers in this paragraph shall be funded under the same terms and be subject to the same pro rata reduction as the percent decrease for administrative and other expenses to public housing agencies under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That any amounts provided under this paragraph in this Act or prior Acts, re-maining available after funding renewals and administrative expenses under this para-graph, shall be available for incremental ten-ant-based assistance contracts under such section 811, including necessary administra-tive expenses; (5) the Secretary shall separately track all special purpose vouchers funded under this heading, including the renewal, from amounts provided under paragraph (1) under this heading, of HUD–VASH vouchers, funded under this heading in prior Acts to address veterans’ homelessness, of no less than $577,000,000; (6) $7,000,000 shall be for renewal grants, in-cluding rental assistance and associated ad-ministrative fees for Tribal HUD–VA Sup-portive Housing to serve Native American veterans that are homeless or at-risk of homelessness living on or near a reservation or Indian areas: Provided, That such amount shall be made available for renewal grants to the recipients that received assistance under the rental assistance and supportive housing demonstration program for Native American veterans authorized under the heading ‘‘Ten-ant-Based Rental Assistance’’ in title II of division K of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235, 128 Stat. 2733): Provided further, That the Secretary shall be authorized to specify criteria for renewal grants, including data on the utilization of assistance reported by grant recipients under the demonstration program: Provided further, That renewal grants under this paragraph shall be admin-istered by block grant recipients in accord-ance with program requirements under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996: Provided fur-ther, That assistance under this paragraph shall be modeled after, with necessary and appropriate adjustments for Native Amer-ican grant recipients and veterans, the rent-al assistance and supportive housing pro-gram known as HUD–VASH program, includ-ing administration in conjunction with the Department of Veterans Affairs and overall implementation of section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937: Provided further, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), upon a finding by the Sec-retary that any such waiver or alternative requirements are necessary for the effective delivery and administration of such assist-ance: Provided further, That grant recipients shall report to the Secretary on utilization of such rental assistance and other program data, as prescribed by the Secretary and; (7) $10,000,000 shall be available to support modernization of public housing agency (PHA) information technology systems with respect to administration of program data and funding provided under this heading, in-cluding related expenses; Provided, That the Secretary may transfer up to $10,000,000 of the amounts provided under this paragraph to the ‘‘Public Housing Capital Fund’’ head-ing under this title to support modernization of PHA information technology systems with respect to administration of program data and funding under such heading, including related expenses. 
HOUSING CERTIFICATE FUND  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  Unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appro-priated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’ and the heading ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’, for fiscal year 2018 and prior years may be used for renewal of or amendments to section 8 project-based con-tracts and for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such funds were appro-priated: Provided, That any obligated bal-ances of contract authority from fiscal year 1974 and prior that have been terminated shall be rescinded: Provided further, That amounts heretofore recaptured, or recap-tured during the current fiscal year, from section 8 project-based contracts from source years fiscal year 1975 through fiscal year 1987 are hereby rescinded, and an amount of addi-tional new budget authority, equivalent to the amount rescinded is hereby appropriated, to remain available until expended, for the purposes set forth under this heading, in ad-dition to amounts otherwise available. 
PUBLIC HOUSING CAPITAL FUND  For the Public Housing Capital Fund Pro-gram to carry out capital and management activities for public housing agencies, as au-thorized under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) (the ‘‘Act’’) $1,850,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law or regulation, during fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may not delegate to any Department official other than the Deputy Secretary and the As-sistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing any authority under paragraph (2) of section 9(j) regarding the extension of the time periods under such section: Provided further, That for purposes of such section 9(j), the term ‘‘obligate’’ means, with respect to amounts, that the amounts are subject to a binding agreement that will result in out-lays, immediately or in the future: Provided further, That up to $8,300,000 shall be to sup-port ongoing public housing financial and physical assessment activities: Provided fur-ther, That up to $1,000,000 shall be to support the costs of administrative and judicial re-ceiverships: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary to make grants, notwith-standing section 203 of this Act, to public housing agencies for emergency capital needs including safety and security measures necessary to address crime and drug-related activity as well as needs resulting from un-foreseen or unpreventable emergencies and natural disasters excluding Presidentially declared emergencies and natural disasters under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) occurring in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That of the amount made available under the previous proviso, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for safety and security measures: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading $35,000,000 shall be for supportive services, service coordi-nator and congregate services as authorized by section 34 of the Act (42 U.S.C. 1437z–6) and the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.): Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, up to $15,000,000 shall be for a Jobs- Plus initiative modeled after the Jobs-Plus demonstration: Provided further, That fund-ing provided under the previous proviso shall be available for competitive grants to part-nerships between public housing authorities, local workforce investment boards estab-lished under section 117 of the Workforce In-vestment Act of 1998, and other agencies and organizations that provide support to help public housing residents obtain employment and increase earnings: Provided further, That applicants must demonstrate the ability to provide services to residents, partner with workforce investment boards, and leverage service dollars: Provided further, That the Secretary may allow public housing agencies to request exemptions from rent and income limitation requirements under sections 3 and 6 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 as necessary to implement the Jobs-Plus pro-gram, on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may approve upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alter-native requirements are necessary for the ef-fective implementation of the Jobs-Plus ini-tiative as a voluntary program for residents: Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish by notice in the Federal Register any waivers or alternative requirements pursu-ant to the preceding proviso no later than 10 days before the effective date of such notice: Provided further, That for funds provided under this heading, the limitation in section 9(g)(1) of the Act shall be 25 percent: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the limitation in the previous proviso to allow public housing agencies to fund activities authorized under section 9(e)(1)(C) of the Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies request-ing waivers under the previous proviso if the request is approved or denied within 14 days of submitting the request: Provided further, That from the funds made available under this heading, the Secretary shall provide bonus awards in fiscal year 2018 to public housing agencies that are designated high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00330 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6987 September 6, 2017 
performers: Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify public housing agen-cies of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
PUBLIC HOUSING OPERATING FUND  For 2018 payments to public housing agen-cies for the operation and management of public housing, as authorized by section 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(e)), $4,400,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CHOICE NEIGHBORHOODS INITIATIVE  For competitive grants under the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative (subject to section 24 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v), unless otherwise specified under this heading), for transformation, re-habilitation, and replacement housing needs of both public and HUD-assisted housing and to transform neighborhoods of poverty into functioning, sustainable mixed income neighborhoods with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and ac-cess to jobs, $20,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That grant funds may be used for resident and community services, community develop-ment, and affordable housing needs in the community, and for conversion of vacant or foreclosed properties to affordable housing: Provided further, That the use of funds made available under this heading shall not be deemed to be public housing notwithstanding section 3(b)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That grantees shall commit to an additional period of affordability determined by the Secretary of not fewer than 20 years: Pro- vided further, That grantees shall provide a match in State, local, other Federal or pri-vate funds: Provided further, That grantees may include local governments, tribal enti-ties, public housing authorities, and non-profits: Provided further, That for-profit de-velopers may apply jointly with a public en-tity: Provided further, That for purposes of environmental review, a grantee shall be treated as a public housing agency under sec-tion 26 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437x), and grants under this heading shall be subject to the regulations issued by the Secretary to implement such section: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $10,000,000 shall be awarded to public housing agencies: Provided further, That such grantees shall create part-nerships with other local organizations in-cluding assisted housing owners, service agencies, and resident organizations: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretaries of Education, Labor, Transportation, Health and Human Services, Agriculture, and Commerce, the Attorney General, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to co-ordinate and leverage other appropriate Fed-eral resources: Provided further, That no more than $1,000,000 of funds made available under this heading may be provided as grants to undertake comprehensive local planning with input from residents and the community: Provided further, That unobli-gated balances, including recaptures, re-maining from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Revitalization of Severely Dis-tressed Public Housing (HOPE VI)’’ in fiscal year 2011 and prior fiscal years may be used for purposes under this heading, notwith-standing the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated. 
FAMILY SELF -SUFFICIENCY  For the Family Self-Sufficiency program to support family self-sufficiency coordina-tors under section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, to promote the develop-ment of local strategies to coordinate the use of assistance under sections 8(o) and 9 of such Act with public and private resources, and enable eligible families to achieve eco-nomic independence and self-sufficiency, $75,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary may, by Federal Register notice, waive or specify alternative requirements under sec-tions b(3), b(4), b(5), or c(1) of section 23 of such Act in order to facilitate the operation of a unified self-sufficiency program for indi-viduals receiving assistance under different provisions of the Act, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That owners of a privately owned multifamily property with a section 8 contract may voluntarily make a Family Self-Sufficiency program available to the assisted tenants of such property in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary: Provided further, That such procedures established pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall permit participating ten-ants to accrue escrow funds in accordance with section 23(d)(2) and shall allow owners to use funding from residual receipt accounts to hire coordinators for their own Family Self-Sufficiency program. NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING BLOCK GRANTS  For the Native American Housing Block Grants program, as authorized under title I of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), $654,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That, notwith-standing NAHASDA, to determine the amount of the allocation under title I of such Act for each Indian tribe, the Secretary shall apply the formula under section 302 of such Act with the need component based on single-race census data and with the need component based on multi-race census data, and the amount of the allocation for each In-dian tribe shall be the greater of the two re-sulting allocation amounts: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $3,500,000 shall be contracted for assistance for national or regional orga-nizations representing Native American housing interests for providing training and technical assistance to Indian housing au-thorities and tribally designated housing en-tities as authorized under NAHASDA: Pro- vided further, That of the funds made avail-able under the previous proviso, not less than $2,000,000 shall be made available for a national organization as authorized under section 703 of NAHASDA (25 U.S.C. 4212): Pro- vided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $3,500,000 shall be to support the inspection of Indian hous-ing units, contract expertise, training, and technical assistance related to funding pro-vided under this heading and other headings under this Act for the needs of Native Amer-ican families and Indian country: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be made avail-able for the cost of guaranteed notes and other obligations, as authorized by title VI of NAHASDA: Provided further, That such costs, including the costs of modifying such notes and other obligations, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Provided fur-ther, That these funds are available to sub-sidize the total principal amount of any notes and other obligations, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $17,391,304: Provided further, That the Depart-ment will notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of the date of en-actment of this Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 302(d) of NAHASDA, if on the date of enactment of this Act, a re-cipient’s total amount of undisbursed block grant funds in the Department’s line of cred-it control system is greater than the sum of its prior 3 years’ initial formula allocation calculations, the Secretary shall adjust that recipient’s formula allocation that it would otherwise receive down by the difference be-tween its total amount of undisbursed block grant funds in the Department’s line of cred-it control system on the date of enactment of this Act, and the sum of its prior 3 years’ initial formula allocation calculations: Pro- vided further, That grant amounts not allo-cated to a recipient pursuant to the previous proviso shall be allocated under the need component of the formula proportionately among all other Indian tribes not subject to an adjustment under such proviso: Provided further, That the second proviso shall not apply to any Indian tribe that would other-wise receive a formula allocation of less than $5,000,000: Provided further, That to take ef-fect, the three previous provisos do not re-quire issuance or amendment of any regula-tion, shall not be subject to a formula chal-lenge by an Indian tribe, and shall not be construed to confer hearing rights under any section of NAHASDA or its implementing regulations. 
INDIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, as au-thorized by section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a), $5,500,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, up to $1,486,486,486, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That up to $750,000 of this amount may be for administrative contract expenses including management processes and systems to carry out the loan guarantee program: Provided further, That an additional $1,727,000 shall be available until expended for such costs of guaranteed loans authorized under such section 184 issued to tribes and Indian housing authorities for the construction of rental housing for law en-forcement, healthcare, educational, tech-nical and other skilled workers: Provided fur-ther, That the funds specified in the previous proviso are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaran-teed, up to $466,756,757 to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Secretary may specify any additional pro-gram requirements with respect to the pre-vious two provisos through publication of a Mortgagee Letter or Notice. C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES FOR PERSONS WITH  
AIDS For carrying out the Housing Opportuni-ties for Persons with AIDS program, as au-thorized by the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12901 et seq.), $356,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except that amounts allocated pursuant to section 854(c)(5) of such Act shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary shall renew all expiring contracts for permanent supportive housing that initially were funded under section 854(c)(5) of such Act from funds made avail-able under this heading in fiscal year 2010 and prior fiscal years that meet all program requirements before awarding funds for new contracts under such section: Provided fur-ther, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00331 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6988 September 6, 2017 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  For assistance to units of State and local government, and to other entities, for eco-nomic and community development activi-ties, and for other purposes, $2,960,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, unless otherwise specified: Provided, That of the total amount provided, $2,900,000,000 is for carrying out the community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended (‘‘the Act’’ herein) (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): Provided further, That un- less explicitly provided for under this head-ing, not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended for planning and management development and administra-tion: Provided further, That a metropolitan city, urban county, unit of general local gov-ernment, or Indian tribe, or insular area that directly or indirectly receives funds under this heading may not sell, trade, or other-wise transfer all or any portion of such funds to another such entity in exchange for any other funds, credits or non-Federal consider-ations, but must use such funds for activities eligible under title I of the Act: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 105(e)(1) of the Act, no funds provided under this heading may be provided to a for-profit enti-ty for an economic development project under section 105(a)(17) unless such project has been evaluated and selected in accord-ance with guidelines required under subpara-graph (e)(2): Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify grantees of their for-mula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading $60,000,000 shall be for grants to Indian tribes notwithstanding section 106(a)(1) of such Act, of which, notwithstanding any other provision of law (including section 203 of this Act), up to $4,000,000 may be used for emer-gencies that constitute imminent threats to health and safety. 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT LOAN GUARANTEES  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018, commitments to guarantee loans under sec-tion 108 of the Housing and Community De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5308), any part of which is guaranteed, shall not exceed a total principal amount of $300,000,000, not-withstanding any aggregate limitation on outstanding obligations guaranteed in sub-section (k) of such section 108: Provided, That the Secretary shall collect fees from bor-rowers, notwithstanding subsection (m) of such section 108, to result in a credit subsidy cost of zero for guaranteeing such loans, and any such fees shall be collected in accord-ance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
HOME INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM  For the HOME Investment Partnerships program, as authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, $850,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding the amount made available under this heading, the threshold reduction requirements in sections 216(10) and 217(b)(4) of such Act shall not apply to allocations of such amount: Pro- vided further, That the requirements under provisos 2 through 6 under this heading for fiscal year 2012 and such requirements appli-cable pursuant to the ‘‘Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013’’, shall not apply to any project to which funds were committed on or after August 23, 2013, but such projects shall instead be governed by the Final Rule titled ‘‘Home Investment Partnerships Pro-gram; Improving Performance and Account-ability; Updating Property Standards’’ which became effective on such date: Provided fur-ther, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. SELF-HELP AND ASSISTED HOMEOWNERSHIP  
OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM  For the Self-Help and Assisted Homeown-ership Opportunity Program, as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended, $45,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Self-Help and Assisted Homeownership Op-portunity Program as authorized under sec-tion 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $30,000,000 shall be made available for the second, third, and fourth capacity building activities authorized under section 4(a) of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 9816 note), of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for rural capacity building activities: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building by national rural housing organizations with experience assessing national rural conditions and pro-viding financing, training, technical assist-ance, information, and research to local non-profits, local governments and Indian Tribes serving high need rural communities. 
HOMELESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For the Emergency Solutions Grants pro-gram as authorized under subtitle B of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, as amended; the Continuum of Care program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of such Act; and the Rural Hous-ing Stability Assistance program as author-ized under subtitle D of title IV of such Act, $2,383,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That any rental as-sistance amounts that are recaptured under such Continuum of Care program shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That not less than $270,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for such Emergency Solutions Grants program: Provided further, That not less than $2,106,000,000 of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for such Continuum of Care and Rural Hous-ing Stability Assistance programs: Provided further, That up to $7,000,000 of the funds ap-propriated under this heading shall be avail-able for the national homeless data analysis project: Provided further, That all funds awarded for supportive services under the Continuum of Care program and the Rural Housing Stability Assistance program shall be matched by not less than 25 percent in cash or in kind by each grantee: Provided fur-ther, That for all match requirements appli-cable to funds made available under this heading for this fiscal year and prior years, a grantee may use (or could have used) as a source of match funds other funds adminis-tered by the Secretary and other Federal agencies unless there is (or was) a specific statutory prohibition on any such use of any such funds: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall collect system performance measures for each continuum of care, and that relative to fiscal year 2015, under the Continuum of Care competition with respect to funds made available under this heading, the Secretary shall base an increasing share of the score on performance criteria: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be available to pro-vide funding for new projects, except for projects created through reallocation, unless the Secretary determines that the con-tinuum of care has demonstrated that projects are evaluated and ranked based on the degree to which they improve the con-tinuum of care’s system performance: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall prioritize funding under the Continuum of Care program to continuums of care that have demonstrated a capacity to reallocate funding from lower performing projects to higher performing projects: Provided further, That all awards of assistance under this heading shall be required to coordinate and integrate homeless programs with other mainstream health, social services, and em-ployment programs for which homeless popu-lations may be eligible: Provided further, That any unobligated amounts remaining from funds appropriated under this heading in fiscal year 2012 and prior years for project- based rental assistance for rehabilitation projects with 10-year grant terms may be used for purposes under this heading, not-withstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided further, That all balances for Shelter Plus Care re-newals previously funded from the Shelter Plus Care Renewal account and transferred to this account shall be available, if recap-tured, for Continuum of Care renewals in fis-cal year 2018: Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify grantees of their for-mula allocation from amounts allocated (which may represent initial or final amounts allocated) for the Emergency Solu-tions Grant program within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act: Provided further, That youth aged 24 and under seeking assistance under this heading shall not be required to provide third party documentation to estab-lish their eligibility under 42 U.S.C. 11302(a) or (b) to receive services: Provided further, That unaccompanied youth aged 24 and under or families headed by youth aged 24 and under who are living in unsafe situations may be served by youth-serving providers funded under this heading. H
OUSING PROGRAMS  
PROJECT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of project-based subsidy contracts under the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’), not other-wise provided for, $10,682,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2017 (in addition to the $400,000,000 previously appropriated under this heading that became available October 1, 2017), and $400,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be avail-able for expiring or terminating section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 moderate rehabilitation contracts), for amendments to section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 mod-erate rehabilitation contracts), for contracts entered into pursuant to section 441 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11401), for renewal of section 8 con-tracts for units in projects that are subject to approved plans of action under the Emer-gency Low Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987 or the Low-Income Housing Preserva-tion and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, and for administrative and other ex-penses associated with project-based activi-ties and assistance funded under this para-graph: Provided further, That amounts recap-tured under this heading, the heading ‘‘An-nual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’, or the heading ‘‘Housing Certificate Fund’’, may be used for renewals of or amendments to section 8 project-based contracts, not-withstanding the purposes for which such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00332 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6989 September 6, 2017 
amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the request of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts ac-counts for any project subject to a section 8 project-based Housing Assistance Payments contract that authorizes HUD or a Housing Finance Agency to require that surplus project funds be deposited in an interest- bearing residual receipts account and that are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and deposited in this account, to be available until expended: Provided further, That amounts deposited pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall be available in addition to the amount otherwise provided by this heading for uses authorized under this head-ing. 
HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY  For amendments to capital advance con-tracts, for housing for the elderly, as author-ized by section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended, and for project rental assistance for the elderly under section 202(c)(2) of such Act, including amendments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring con-tracts for such assistance for up to a 1-year term, and for senior preservation rental as-sistance contracts, including renewals, as authorized by section 811(e) of the American Housing and Economic Opportunity Act of 2000, as amended, and for supportive services associated with the housing, $573,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, up to $90,000,000 shall be for service coordinators and the continuation of existing congregate service grants for resi-dents of assisted housing projects: Provided further, That amounts under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assess-ment Center inspections and inspection-re-lated activities associated with section 202 projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the provisions of section 202 gov-erning the terms and conditions of project rental assistance, except that the initial con-tract term for such assistance shall not ex-ceed 5 years in duration: Provided further, That upon request of the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 202 project rental assistance contract, and that upon termination of such contract are in ex-cess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Depart-ment and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2021: Provided further, That amounts deposited in this ac-count pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available, in addition to the amounts oth-erwise provided by this heading, for amend-ments and renewals: Provided further, That unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds trans-ferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be available for amendments and re-newals notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appro-priated. 
HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES  For amendments to capital advance con-tracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities, as authorized by section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), as amend-ed, and for project rental assistance for sup-portive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of such Act and for project assistance contracts pursuant to sec-tion 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667), including amend-ments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring contracts for such assist-ance for up to a 1-year term, for project rent-al assistance to State housing finance agen-cies and other appropriate entities as au-thorized under section 811(b)(3) of the Cran-ston-Gonzalez National Housing Act, and for supportive services associated with the hous-ing for persons with disabilities as author-ized by section 811(b)(1) of such Act, $147,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assessment Center inspections and inspection-related activities associated with section 811 projects: Provided further, That, in this fiscal year, upon the re-quest of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 811 project rental assist-ance contract and that upon termination of such contract are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary shall be re-mitted to the Department and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2021: Provided further, That amounts de-posited in this account pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall be available in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading for amendments and renewals: Pro- vided further, That unobligated balances, in-cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be used for amend-ments and renewals notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. HOUSING COUNSELING ASSISTANCE  For contracts, grants, and other assistance excluding loans, as authorized under section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as amended, $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including up to $4,500,000 for administrative contract services: Provided, That grants made avail-able from amounts provided under this head-ing shall be awarded within 180 days of en-actment of this Act: Provided further, That funds shall be used for providing counseling and advice to tenants and homeowners, both current and prospective, with respect to property maintenance, financial manage-ment/literacy, and such other matters as may be appropriate to assist them in improv-ing their housing conditions, meeting their financial needs, and fulfilling the respon-sibilities of tenancy or homeownership; for program administration; and for housing counselor training: Provided further, That for purposes of providing such grants from amounts provided under this heading, the Secretary may enter into multiyear agree-ments as appropriate, subject to the avail-ability of annual appropriations. 
RENTAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE  For amendments to contracts under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s) and section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1) in State-aided, noninsured rental housing projects, $14,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount, together with unobligated balances from recaptured amounts appropriated prior to fiscal year 2006 from terminated contracts under such sections of law, and any unobli-gated balances, including recaptures and car-ryover, remaining from funds appropriated under this heading after fiscal year 2005, shall also be available for extensions of up to one year for expiring contracts under such sections of law. 
PAYMENT TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING FEES  
TRUST FUND  For necessary expenses as authorized by the National Manufactured Housing Con-struction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.), up to $11,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which $11,000,000 is to be derived from the Manufac-tured Housing Fees Trust Fund: Provided, That not to exceed the total amount appro-priated under this heading shall be available from the general fund of the Treasury to the extent necessary to incur obligations and make expenditures pending the receipt of collections to the Fund pursuant to section 620 of such Act: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced as such collections are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund es-timated at zero, and fees pursuant to such section 620 shall be modified as necessary to ensure such a final fiscal year 2018 appropria-tion: Provided further, That for the dispute resolution and installation programs, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may assess and collect fees from any program participant: Provided further, That such collections shall be deposited into the Fund, and the Secretary, as provided herein, may use such collections, as well as fees col-lected under section 620, for necessary ex-penses of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of section 620 of such Act, the Secretary may carry out responsibilities of the Secretary under such Act through the use of approved service pro-viders that are paid directly by the recipi-ents of their services. FEDERAL HOUSING ADMINISTRATION  
MUTUAL MORTGAGE INSURANCE PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee single family loans insured under the Mutual Mort-gage Insurance Fund shall not exceed $400,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That during fis-cal year 2018, obligations to make direct loans to carry out the purposes of section 204(g) of the National Housing Act, as amended, shall not exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That the foregoing amount in the previous proviso shall be for loans to non-profit and governmental entities in connec-tion with sales of single family real prop-erties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under the Mutual Mortgage Insur-ance Fund: Provided further, That for admin-istrative contract expenses of the Federal Housing Administration, $135,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided further, That to the extent guaranteed loan commitments exceed $200,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2018, an additional $1,400 for administrative contract expenses shall be available for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this proviso exceed $30,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 the Secretary may insure and enter into new commitments to insure mortgages under sec-tion 255 of the National Housing Act only to the extent that the net credit subsidy cost for such insurance does not exceed zero. 
GENERAL AND SPECIAL RISK PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee loans in-sured under the General and Special Risk In-surance Funds, as authorized by sections 238 and 519 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–3 and 1735c), shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 in total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That during fiscal year 2018, gross obliga-tions for the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by sections 204(g), 207(l), 238, and 519(a) of the National Housing Act, shall not exceed $5,000,000, which shall be for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00333 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6990 September 6, 2017 
loans to nonprofit and governmental entities in connection with the sale of single family real properties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under such Act. G
OVERNMENT NATIONAL MORTGAGE  A
SSOCIATION  
GUARANTEES OF MORTGAGE -BACKED SECURITIES  
LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to issue guarantees to carry out the purposes of section 306 of the National Housing Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1721(g)), shall not exceed $500,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That $25,400,000 shall be available for necessary salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation: Provided further, That to the extent that guaranteed loan commitments exceed $155,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2018, an additional $100 for necessary salaries and ex-penses shall be available until expended for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this pro-viso exceed $3,000,000: Provided further, That receipts from Commitment and Multiclass fees collected pursuant to title III of the Na-tional Housing Act, as amended, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count. P
OLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For contracts, grants, and necessary ex-penses of programs of research and studies relating to housing and urban problems, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by title V of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1701z–1 et seq.), includ-ing carrying out the functions of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under section 1(a)(1)(i) of Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1968, and for technical assist-ance, $85,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That with re-spect to amounts made available under this heading, notwithstanding section 203 of this title, the Secretary may enter into coopera-tive agreements funded with philanthropic entities, other Federal agencies, or State or local governments and their agencies for re-search projects: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, such part-ners to the cooperative agreements must contribute at least a 50 percent match to-ward the cost of the project: Provided further, That for non-competitive agreements en-tered into in accordance with the previous two provisos, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall comply with sec-tion 2(b) of the Federal Funding Account-ability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282, 31 U.S.C. note) in lieu of compli-ance with section 102(a)(4)(C) with respect to documentation of award decisions: Provided further, That prior to obligation of technical assistance funding, the Secretary shall sub-mit a plan, for approval, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on how it will allocate funding for this activity. F
AIRHOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  
FAIR HOUSING ACTIVITIES  For contracts, grants, and other assist-ance, not otherwise provided for, as author-ized by title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, as amended by the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, and section 561 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, as amended, $65,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Sec-retary may assess and collect fees to cover the costs of the Fair Housing Training Acad-emy, and may use such funds to provide such training: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading shall be used to lobby the executive or legislative branches of the Federal Government in con-nection with a specific contract, grant, or loan: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $300,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development for the creation and promotion of translated materials and other programs that support the assistance of persons with limited English proficiency in utilizing the services provided by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. OFFICE OF LEADHAZARD CONTROL AND  H
EALTHY HOMES  
LEAD HAZARD REDUCTION  For the Lead Hazard Reduction Program, as authorized by section 1011 of the Residen-tial Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992, $130,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $25,000,000 shall be for the Healthy Homes Initiative, pursu-ant to sections 501 and 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, that shall include research, studies, testing, and dem-onstration efforts, including education and outreach concerning lead-based paint poi-soning and other housing-related diseases and hazards: Provided, That for purposes of environmental review, pursuant to the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and other provisions of the law that further the purposes of such Act, a grant under the Healthy Homes Initia-tive, or the Lead Technical Studies program under this heading or under prior appropria-tions Acts for such purposes under this head-ing, shall be considered to be funds for a spe-cial project for purposes of section 305(c) of the Multifamily Housing Property Disposi-tion Reform Act of 1994: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $50,000,000 shall be made available on a competitive basis for areas with the highest lead-based paint abatement needs: Provided further, That each recipient of funds provided under the previous proviso shall contribute an amount not less than 25 percent of the total: Provided further, That each applicant shall certify adequate capac-ity that is acceptable to the Secretary to carry out the proposed use of funds pursuant to a notice of funding availability: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading in this or prior appropriations Acts, and that still remain available, may be used for any purpose under this heading not-withstanding the purpose for which such amounts were appropriated if a program competition is undersubscribed and there are other program competitions under this head-ing that are oversubscribed. I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY FUND For the development of, modifications to, and infrastructure for Department-wide and program-specific information technology systems, for the continuing operation and maintenance of both Department-wide and program-specific information systems, and for program-related maintenance activities, $150,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That any amounts transferred to this Fund under this Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any amounts transferred to this Fund from amounts appropriated by pre-viously enacted appropriations Acts may be used for the purposes specified under this Fund, in addition to any other information technology purposes for which such amounts were appropriated. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed, $128,082,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have independent authority over all personnel issues within this office. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  H
OUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 201. Fifty percent of the amounts of budget authority, or in lieu thereof 50 per-cent of the cash amounts associated with such budget authority, that are recaptured from projects described in section 1012(a) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assist-ance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) shall be rescinded or in the case of cash, shall be remitted to the Treasury, and such amounts of budget authority or cash re-captured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury shall be used by State housing finance agencies or local governments or local housing agencies with projects ap-proved by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for which settlement oc-curred after January 1, 1992, in accordance with such section. Notwithstanding the pre-vious sentence, the Secretary may award up to 15 percent of the budget authority or cash recaptured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury to provide project owners with incentives to refinance their project at a lower interest rate. S
EC. 202. None of the amounts made avail-able under this Act may be used during fiscal year 2018 to investigate or prosecute under the Fair Housing Act any otherwise lawful activity engaged in by one or more persons, including the filing or maintaining of a non-frivolous legal action, that is engaged in solely for the purpose of achieving or pre-venting action by a Government official or entity, or a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 203. Except as explicitly provided in law, any grant, cooperative agreement or other assistance made pursuant to title II of this Act shall be made on a competitive basis and in accordance with section 102 of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 (42 U.S.C. 3545). S
EC. 204. Funds of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development subject to the Government Corporation Control Act or sec-tion 402 of the Housing Act of 1950 shall be available, without regard to the limitations on administrative expenses, for legal serv-ices on a contract or fee basis, and for uti-lizing and making payment for services and facilities of the Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Financing Bank, Fed-eral Reserve banks or any member thereof, Federal Home Loan banks, and any insured bank within the meaning of the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1811–1). S
EC. 205. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or through a reprogramming of funds, no part of any appropriation for the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall be available for any program, project or activity in excess of amounts set forth in the budget estimates submitted to Congress. S
EC. 206. Corporations and agencies of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment which are subject to the Government Corporation Control Act are hereby author-ized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without re-gard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of such Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for 2018 for such corporation or agen-cy except as hereinafter provided: Provided, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00334 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6991 September 6, 2017 
That collections of these corporations and agencies may be used for new loan or mort-gage purchase commitments only to the ex-tent expressly provided for in this Act (un-less such loans are in support of other forms of assistance provided for in this or prior ap-propriations Acts), except that this proviso shall not apply to the mortgage insurance or guaranty operations of these corporations, or where loans or mortgage purchases are necessary to protect the financial interest of the United States Government. S
EC. 207. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations regarding all uncommit-ted, unobligated, recaptured and excess funds in each program and activity within the ju-risdiction of the Department and shall sub-mit additional, updated budget information to these Committees upon request. S
EC. 208. The President’s formal budget re-quest for fiscal year 2019, as well as the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment’s congressional budget justifications to be submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall use the identical ac-count and sub-account structure provided under this Act. S
EC. 209. No funds provided under this title may be used for an audit of the Government National Mortgage Association that makes applicable requirements under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). S
EC. 210. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, subject to the conditions listed under this section, for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may authorize the transfer of some or all project-based assistance, debt held or insured by the Secretary and statu-torily required low-income and very low-in-come use restrictions if any, associated with one or more multifamily housing project or projects to another multifamily housing project or projects. (b) P
HASED TRANSFERS .—Transfers of project-based assistance under this section may be done in phases to accommodate the financing and other requirements related to rehabilitating or constructing the project or projects to which the assistance is trans-ferred, to ensure that such project or projects meet the standards under subsection (c). (c) The transfer authorized in subsection (a) is subject to the following conditions: (1) N
UMBER AND BEDROOM SIZE OF UNITS .— (A) For occupied units in the transferring project: The number of low-income and very low-income units and the configuration (i.e., bedroom size) provided by the transferring project shall be no less than when trans-ferred to the receiving project or projects and the net dollar amount of Federal assist-ance provided to the transferring project shall remain the same in the receiving project or projects. (B) For unoccupied units in the transfer-ring project: The Secretary may authorize a reduction in the number of dwelling units in the receiving project or projects to allow for a reconfiguration of bedroom sizes to meet current market demands, as determined by the Secretary and provided there is no in-crease in the project-based assistance budget authority. (2) The transferring project shall, as deter-mined by the Secretary, be either physically obsolete or economically nonviable. (3) The receiving project or projects shall meet or exceed applicable physical standards established by the Secretary. (4) The owner or mortgagor of the transfer-ring project shall notify and consult with the tenants residing in the transferring project and provide a certification of approval by all appropriate local governmental officials. (5) The tenants of the transferring project who remain eligible for assistance to be pro-vided by the receiving project or projects shall not be required to vacate their units in the transferring project or projects until new units in the receiving project are available for occupancy. (6) The Secretary determines that this transfer is in the best interest of the tenants. (7) If either the transferring project or the receiving project or projects meets the con-dition specified in subsection (d)(2)(A), any lien on the receiving project resulting from additional financing obtained by the owner shall be subordinate to any FHA-insured mortgage lien transferred to, or placed on, such project by the Secretary, except that the Secretary may waive this requirement upon determination that such a waiver is necessary to facilitate the financing of ac-quisition, construction, and/or rehabilitation of the receiving project or projects. (8) If the transferring project meets the re-quirements of subsection (d)(2), the owner or mortgagor of the receiving project or projects shall execute and record either a continuation of the existing use agreement or a new use agreement for the project where, in either case, any use restrictions in such agreement are of no lesser duration than the existing use restrictions. (9) The transfer does not increase the cost (as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as amended) of any FHA-insured mortgage, except to the extent that appropriations are provided in advance for the amount of any such increased cost. (d) For purposes of this section— (1) the terms ‘‘low-income’’ and ‘‘very low- income’’ shall have the meanings provided by the statute and/or regulations governing the program under which the project is in-sured or assisted; (2) the term ‘‘multifamily housing project’’ means housing that meets one of the fol-lowing conditions— (A) housing that is subject to a mortgage insured under the National Housing Act; (B) housing that has project-based assist-ance attached to the structure including projects undergoing mark to market debt re-structuring under the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Housing Act; (C) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended by section 801 of the Cranston-Gonzales Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (D) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as such sec-tion existed before the enactment of the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act; (E) housing that is assisted under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzales National Af-fordable Housing Act; or (F) housing or vacant land that is subject to a use agreement; (3) the term ‘‘project-based assistance’’ means— (A) assistance provided under section 8(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937; (B) assistance for housing constructed or substantially rehabilitated pursuant to as-sistance provided under section 8(b)(2) of such Act (as such section existed imme-diately before October 1, 1983); (C) rent supplement payments under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965; (D) interest reduction payments under sec-tion 236 and/or additional assistance pay-ments under section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act; (E) assistance payments made under sec-tion 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959; and (F) assistance payments made under sec-tion 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (4) the term ‘‘receiving project or projects’’ means the multifamily housing project or projects to which some or all of the project- based assistance, debt, and statutorily re-quired low-income and very low-income use restrictions are to be transferred; (5) the term ‘‘transferring project’’ means the multifamily housing project which is transferring some or all of the project-based assistance, debt, and the statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restric-tions to the receiving project or projects; and (6) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development. (e) RESEARCH REPORT .—The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the transfer authority under this section, including the effect of such transfers on the operational ef-ficiency, contract rents, physical and finan-cial conditions, and long-term preservation of the affected properties. S
EC. 211. (a) No assistance shall be provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) to any individual who— (1) is enrolled as a student at an institu-tion of higher education (as defined under section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)); (2) is under 24 years of age; (3) is not a veteran; (4) is unmarried; (5) does not have a dependent child; (6) is not a person with disabilities, as such term is defined in section 3(b)(3)(E) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)(E)) and was not receiving assist-ance under such section 8 as of November 30, 2005; (7) is not a youth who left foster care at age 14 or older and is at risk of becoming homeless; and (8) is not otherwise individually eligible, or has parents who, individually or jointly, are not eligible, to receive assistance under sec-tion 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (b) For purposes of determining the eligi-bility of a person to receive assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), any financial assistance (in excess of amounts received for tuition and any other required fees and charges) that an individual receives under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), from private sources, or an institution of higher education (as defined under the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)), shall be considered income to that indi-vidual, except for a person over the age of 23 with dependent children. S
EC. 212. The funds made available for Na-tive Alaskans under the heading ‘‘Native American Housing Block Grants’’ in title II of this Act shall be allocated to the same Na-tive Alaskan housing block grant recipients that received funds in fiscal year 2005. S
EC. 213. Notwithstanding the limitation in the first sentence of section 255(g) of the Na-tional Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–20(g)), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may, until September 30, 2018, insure and enter into commitments to insure mort-gages under such section 255. S
EC. 214. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in fiscal year 2018, in managing and disposing of any multifamily property that is owned or has a mortgage held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and during the process of foreclosure on any property with a contract for rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 or other Federal programs, the Secretary shall main-tain any rental assistance payments under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00335 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6992 September 6, 2017 
section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 and other programs that are attached to any dwelling units in the property. To the extent the Secretary determines, in con-sultation with the tenants and the local gov-ernment, that such a multifamily property owned or held by the Secretary is not fea-sible for continued rental assistance pay-ments under such section 8 or other pro-grams, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local re-sources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Hous-ing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environmental condi-tions that cannot be remedied in a cost-ef-fective fashion, the Secretary may, in con-sultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. The Secretary shall also take appropriate steps to ensure that project-based contracts remain in effect prior to foreclosure, subject to the exercise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for imminent major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the af-fected tenants and use of other available remedies, such as partial abatements or re-ceivership. After disposition of any multi-family property described under this section, the contract and allowable rent levels on such properties shall be subject to the re-quirements under section 524 of MAHRAA. S
EC. 215. The commitment authority fund-ed by fees as provided under the heading ‘‘Community Development Loan Guarantees Program Account’’ may be used to guar-antee, or make commitments to guarantee, notes, or other obligations issued by any State on behalf of non-entitlement commu-nities in the State in accordance with the re-quirements of section 108 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Pro- vided, That any State receiving such a guar-antee or commitment shall distribute all funds subject to such guarantee to the units of general local government in non-entitle-ment areas that received the commitment. S
EC. 216. Public housing agencies that own and operate 400 or fewer public housing units may elect to be exempt from any asset man-agement requirement imposed by the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development in connection with the operating fund rule: Pro- vided, That an agency seeking a discontinu-ance of a reduction of subsidy under the op-erating fund formula shall not be exempt from asset management requirements. S
EC. 217. With respect to the use of amounts provided in this Act and in future Acts for the operation, capital improvement and management of public housing as au-thorized by sections 9(d) and 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(d) and (e)), the Secretary shall not im-pose any requirement or guideline relating to asset management that restricts or limits in any way the use of capital funds for cen-tral office costs pursuant to section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1), (2)): Provided, That a public housing agency may not use capital funds authorized under section 9(d) for ac-tivities that are eligible under section 9(e) for assistance with amounts from the oper-ating fund in excess of the amounts per-mitted under section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2). S
EC. 218. No official or employee of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development shall be designated as an allotment holder unless the Office of the Chief Financial Offi-cer has determined that such allotment hold-er has implemented an adequate system of funds control and has received training in funds control procedures and directives. The Chief Financial Officer shall ensure that there is a trained allotment holder for each HUD sub-office under the accounts ‘‘Execu-tive Offices’’ and ‘‘Administrative Support Offices,’’ as well as each account receiving appropriations for ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Government National Mort-gage Association—Guarantees of Mortgage- Backed Securities Loan Guarantee Program Account’’, and ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ within the Department of Housing and Urban Development. SEC. 219. The Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall, for fiscal year 2018, notify the public through the Federal Register and other means, as de-termined appropriate, of the issuance of a notice of the availability of assistance or no-tice of funding availability (NOFA) for any program or discretionary fund administered by the Secretary that is to be competitively awarded. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, for fiscal year 2018, the Secretary may make the NOFA available only on the Internet at the appropriate Government web site or through other electronic media, as de-termined by the Secretary. S
EC. 220. Payment of attorney fees in pro-gram-related litigation shall be paid from the individual program office and Office of General Counsel salaries and expenses appro-priations. The annual budget submission for the program offices and the Office of General Counsel shall include any such projected liti-gation costs for attorney fees as a separate line item request. No funds provided in this title may be used to pay any such litigation costs for attorney fees until the Department submits for review a spending plan for such costs to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 221. The Secretary is authorized to transfer up to 10 percent or $4,000,000, which-ever is less, of funds appropriated for any of-fice under the heading ‘‘Administrative Sup-port Offices’’ or for any account under the general heading ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ to any other such office or ac-count: Provided, That no appropriation for any such office or account shall be increased or decreased by more than 10 percent or $4,000,000, whichever is less, without prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall provide notifi-cation to such Committees three business days in advance of any such transfers under this section up to 10 percent or $4,000,000, whichever is less. S
EC. 222. (a) Any entity receiving housing assistance payments shall maintain decent, safe, and sanitary conditions, as determined by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), and comply with any stand-ards under applicable State or local laws, rules, ordinances, or regulations relating to the physical condition of any property cov-ered under a housing assistance payment contract. (b) The Secretary shall take action under subsection (c) when a multifamily housing project with a section 8 contract or contract for similar project-based assistance— (1) receives a Uniform Physical Condition Standards (UPCS) score of 60 or less; or (2) fails to certify in writing to the Sec-retary within 3 days that all Exigent Health and Safety deficiencies identified by the in-spector at the project have been corrected. Such requirements shall apply to insured and noninsured projects with assistance at-tached to the units under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), but do not apply to such units assisted under section 8(o)(13) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)) or to public housing units assisted with cap-ital or operating funds under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g). (c)(1) Within 15 days of the issuance of the REAC inspection, the Secretary must pro-vide the owner with a Notice of Default with a specified timetable, determined by the Sec-retary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary must also provide a copy of the Notice of Default to the tenants, the local government, any mortgagees, and any con-tract administrator. If the owner’s appeal re-sults in a UPCS score of 60 or above, the Sec-retary may withdraw the Notice of Default. (2) At the end of the time period for cor-recting all deficiencies specified in the No-tice of Default, if the owner fails to fully cor-rect such deficiencies, the Secretary may— (A) require immediate replacement of project management with a management agent approved by the Secretary; (B) impose civil money penalties, which shall be used solely for the purpose of sup-porting safe and sanitary conditions at appli-cable properties, as designated by the Sec-retary, with priority given to the tenants of the property affected by the penalty; (C) abate the section 8 contract, including partial abatement, as determined by the Sec-retary, until all deficiencies have been cor-rected; (D) pursue transfer of the project to an owner, approved by the Secretary under es-tablished procedures, which will be obligated to promptly make all required repairs and to accept renewal of the assistance contract as long as such renewal is offered; (E) transfer the existing section 8 contract to another project or projects and owner or owners; (F) pursue exclusionary sanctions, includ-ing suspensions or debarments from Federal programs; (G) seek judicial appointment of a receiver to manage the property and cure all project deficiencies or seek a judicial order of spe-cific performance requiring the owner to cure all project deficiencies; (H) work with the owner, lender, or other related party to stabilize the property in an attempt to preserve the property through compliance, transfer of ownership, or an in-fusion of capital provided by a third-party that requires time to effectuate; or (I) take any other regulatory or contrac-tual remedies available as deemed necessary and appropriate by the Secretary. (d) The Secretary shall also take appro-priate steps to ensure that project-based con-tracts remain in effect, subject to the exer-cise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for major threats to health and safety after written notice to the affected tenants. To the extent the Sec-retary determines, in consultation with the tenants and the local government, that the property is not feasible for continued rental assistance payments under such section 8 or other programs, based on consideration of— (1) the costs of rehabilitating and oper-ating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent ad-justments under section 524 of the Multi-family Assisted Housing Reform and Afford-ability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’); and (2) environmental conditions that cannot be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. (e) The Secretary shall report quarterly on all properties covered by this section that are assessed through the Real Estate Assess-ment Center and have UPCS physical inspec-tion scores of less than 60 or have received an unsatisfactory management and occu-pancy review within the past 36 months. The report shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00336 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6993 September 6, 2017 
(1) the enforcement actions being taken to address such conditions, including imposi-tion of civil money penalties and termi-nation of subsidies, and identify properties that have such conditions multiple times; (2) actions that the Department of Housing and Urban Development is taking to protect tenants of such identified properties; and (3) any administrative or legislative rec-ommendations to further improve the living conditions at properties covered under a housing assistance payment contract. S
EC. 223. None of the funds made available by this Act, or any other Act, for purposes authorized under section 8 (only with respect to the tenant-based rental assistance pro-gram) and section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.), may be used by any public housing agency for any amount of salary, including bonuses, for the chief executive officer of which, or any other official or employee of which, that exceeds the annual rate of basic pay payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule at any time during any public housing agency fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 224. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the doctoral dissertation re-search grant program at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. S
EC. 225. Section 24 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v) is amended— (1) in subsection (m)(1), by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018.’’; and (2) in subsection (o), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018.’’. S
EC. 226. None of the funds in this Act pro-vided to the Department of Housing and Urban Development may be used to make a grant award unless the Secretary notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations not less than 3 full business days before any project, State, locality, housing authority, tribe, nonprofit organization, or other entity selected to receive a grant award is announced by the Department or its offices. S
EC. 227. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require or enforce the Physical Needs Assessment (PNA). S
EC. 228. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used by the Federal Housing Administration, the Government National Mortgage Administration, or the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to insure, securitize, or establish a Federal guarantee of any mortgage or mort-gage backed security that refinances or oth-erwise replaces a mortgage that has been subject to eminent domain condemnation or seizure, by a State, municipality, or any other political subdivision of a State. S
EC. 229. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate the status of a unit of general local government as a metropolitan city (as defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302)) with respect to grants under section 106 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5306). S
EC. 230. Amounts made available under this Act which are either appropriated, allo-cated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the Office of Policy Develop-ment and Research in the Department of Housing and Urban Development and func-tions thereof, for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, and which are unex-pended at the time of completion of a con-tract, grant, or cooperative agreement, may be deobligated and shall immediately be-come available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which the amounts are made available to that Office subject to re-programming requirements in section 405 of this Act. SEC. 231. Employees of the Department of Housing and Urban Development who are subject to administrative discipline in fiscal year 2018, including suspension from work, shall not receive awards (including perform-ance, special act, or spot) for the remainder of fiscal year 2018 after the effective date of the disciplinary action. S
EC. 232. With respect to grant amounts awarded under the heading ‘‘Homeless As-sistance Grants’’ for fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018 for the continuum of care (CoC) pro-gram as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, costs paid by program income of grant recipients may count toward meeting the recipient’s matching requirements, pro-vided the costs are eligible CoC costs that supplement the recipients CoC program. S
EC. 233. (a) From amounts made available under this title under the heading ‘‘Homeless Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may award 1-year transition grants to recipients of funds for activities under subtitle C of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq.) to transition from one Continuum of Care program component to another. (b) No more than 50 percent of each transi-tion grant may be used for costs of eligible activities of the program component origi-nally funded. (c) Transition grants made under this sec-tion are eligible for renewal in subsequent fiscal years for the eligible activities of the new program component. (d) In order to be eligible to receive a tran-sition grant, the funding recipient must have the consent of the Continuum of Care and meet standards determined by the Secretary. S
EC. 234. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to direct a grantee to undertake specific changes to existing zoning laws as part of carrying out the final rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Fur-thering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or the notice entitled ‘‘Af-firmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assess-ment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). S
EC. 235. Section 579 of the Multifamily As-sisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting in lieu thereof ‘‘October 1, 2022’’. S
EC. 236. None of the funds made available under this Act for new guarantees of mort-gages insured under the Mutual Mortgage In-surance Fund may be used to guarantee or insure any mortgage on a property that is subject to a loan or other obligation, includ-ing those billed as taxes or assessments, for the purpose of financing any improvements under a Property Assessed Clean Energy or substantially similar program, if any portion of such loan or obligation is or has the po-tential to be in a lien position superior to the mortgage to be insured or guaranteed under the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund. S
EC. 237. The matter under the heading ‘‘Rental Assistance Demonstration’’ in the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment Appropriations Act, 2012 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note), as amended, is amended— (1) in the 14th proviso— (A) by inserting ‘‘or nonprofit’’ before ‘‘en-tity, then a capable entity,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘preserves its interest’’ and inserting ‘‘or a nonprofit entity preserves an interest’’; (2) by striking the 18th proviso and insert-ing the following: ‘‘Provided further, That for fiscal year 2012 and hereafter, owners of properties assisted or previously assisted under section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965, section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act, or section 8(e)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937, for which a contract expires or terminates due to prepayment on or after October 1, 2006, has caused or results in the termination of rental assistance or affordability restric-tions or both and the issuance of tenant pro-tection vouchers under section 8(o) or sec-tion 8(t) of the Act, or with a project rental assistance contract under section 202(c)(2) of Housing Act of 1959, shall be eligible, subject to requirements established by the Sec-retary, including but not limited to tenant consultation procedures, for conversion of assistance available or provided for such vouchers or assistance contracts, to assist-ance under a long-term project-based subsidy contract under section 8 of the Act, which shall have a term of no less than 20 years, which shall have initial rents set at com-parable market rents for the market area, with subsequent rent adjustments only by an operating cost factor established by the Sec-retary, and which shall be eligible for re-newal under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note), or, subject to agreement of the administering public housing agency, to assistance under section 8(o)(13) of the Act, to which the limitation under subparagraph (B) of section 8(o)(13) of the Act shall not apply and for which the Secretary may waive or alter the provisions of subparagraphs (C) and (D) of section 8(o)(13) of the Act (‘Second Component’ here-in):’’; (3) by inserting before the 19th proviso the following: ‘‘Provided further, That conver-sions of assistance under the Second Compo-nent may not be the basis for re-screening or termination of assistance or eviction of any tenant family in a property participating in the demonstration:’’; (4) in the 20th proviso, as so reordered by the amendments made by the preceding pro-visions of this section, by striking ‘‘previous proviso’’ and all that follows through the end of the proviso and inserting ‘‘Second Compo-nent, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts, shall be available for project-based subsidy contracts entered into pursuant to the Second Compo-nent:’’; (5) in the 21st proviso, as so reordered by the amendments made by the preceding pro-visions of this section, by striking ‘‘previous two provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘Second Compo-nent, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts,’’; (6) in the 22nd proviso, as so reordered by the amendments made by the preceding pro-visions of this section, by striking ‘‘three previous provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘Second Component, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts,’’; (7) by inserting before the last proviso the following: ‘‘Provided further, That the Sec-retary may transfer amounts made available under the heading ‘Housing for the Elderly’ to the accounts under the headings ‘Project- Based Rental Assistance’ or ‘Tenant-Based Rental Assistance’ to facilitate any section 202 project rental assistance contract conver-sions under the Second Component, and any increase in cost for ‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’ or ‘Tenant-Based Rental Assist-ance’ associated with such conversion shall be equal to amounts so transferred:’’; and (8) in the last proviso, by striking ‘‘pre-vious four provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘Second Component, as applicable’’. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development Appro-priations Act, 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00337 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6994 September 6, 2017 
TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
CCESS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Access Board, as authorized by section 502 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, as amended, $8,190,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, there may be credited to this appropriation funds received for publications and training expenses. F
EDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Mar-itime Commission as authorized by section 201(d) of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936, as amended (46 U.S.C. 307), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b); and uniforms or allowances there-fore, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, $27,490,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. N
ATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General for the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to carry out the pro-visions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $23,274,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have all necessary authority, in carrying out the duties speci-fied in the Inspector General Act, as amend-ed (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allega-tions of fraud, including false statements to the government (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any per-son or entity that is subject to regulation by the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion: Provided further, That the Inspector General may enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, subject to the applica-ble laws and regulations that govern the ob-taining of such services within the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided further, That the Inspector General may se-lect, appoint, and employ such officers and employees as may be necessary for carrying out the functions, powers, and duties of the Office of Inspector General, subject to the applicable laws and regulations that govern such selections, appointments, and employ-ment within the Corporation: Provided fur-ther, That concurrent with the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2018, the In-spector General shall submit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a budget request for fiscal year 2018 in similar format and substance to those submitted by executive agencies of the Federal Govern-ment. N
ATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Transportation Safety Board, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for a GS–15; uniforms, or allowances therefor, as author-ized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902), $106,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be used for official reception and representation ex-penses. The amounts made available to the National Transportation Safety Board in this Act include amounts necessary to make lease payments on an obligation incurred in fiscal year 2001 for a capital lease. N
EIGHBORHOOD REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD  
REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  For payment to the Neighborhood Rein-vestment Corporation for use in neighbor-hood reinvestment activities, as authorized by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corpora-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 8101–8107), $140,000,000, of which $5,000,000 shall be for a multi-family rental housing program. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Surface Transportation Board, including services au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $37,100,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $1,250,000 from fees estab-lished by the Chairman of the Surface Trans-portation Board shall be credited to this ap-propriation as offsetting collections and used for necessary and authorized expenses under this heading: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018, to result in a final ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at no more than $35,850,000. U
NITED STATES INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON  H
OMELESSNESS  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For closure of the United States Inter-agency Council on Homelessness, $570,000, notwithstanding section 209 of title II of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, as amended. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 401. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 402. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 403. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through a procurement contract pursu-ant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of pub-lic record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. S
EC. 404. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be obligated or ex-pended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. S
EC. 405. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Con-gress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity by either the House or Senate Committees on Appropriations for a dif-ferent purpose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, which-ever is less; or (7) creates, reorganizes, or restructures a branch, division, office, bureau, board, com-mission, agency, administration, or depart-ment different from the budget justifications submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions or the table accompanying the explana-tory statement accompanying this Act, whichever is more detailed, unless prior ap-proval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That the report shall include— (A) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the prior year en-acted level, the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (B) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation and its respective prior year en-acted level by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (C) an identification of items of special congressional interest. SEC. 406. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided fur-ther, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines under section 405 of this Act. S
EC. 407. No funds in this Act may be used to support any Federal, State, or local projects that seek to use the power of emi-nent domain, unless eminent domain is em-ployed only for a public use: Provided, That for purposes of this section, public use shall not be construed to include economic devel-opment that primarily benefits private enti-ties: Provided further, That any use of funds for mass transit, railroad, airport, seaport or highway projects, as well as utility projects which benefit or serve the general public (in-cluding energy-related, communication-re-lated, water-related and wastewater-related infrastructure), other structures designated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00338 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6995 September 6, 2017 
for use by the general public or which have other common-carrier or public-utility func-tions that serve the general public and are subject to regulation and oversight by the government, and projects for the removal of an immediate threat to public health and safety or brownfields as defined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act (Public Law 107–118) shall be considered a public use for purposes of eminent domain. S
EC. 408. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 409. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available to pay the salary for any person filling a position, other than a temporary position, formerly held by an employee who has left to enter the Armed Forces of the United States and has satisfactorily completed his or her pe-riod of active military or naval service, and has within 90 days after his or her release from such service or from hospitalization continuing after discharge for a period of not more than 1 year, made application for res-toration to his or her former position and has been certified by the Office of Personnel Management as still qualified to perform the duties of his or her former position and has not been restored thereto. S
EC. 410. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with sec-tions 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305, popularly known as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’). S
EC. 411. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305). S
EC. 412. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class airline accommodations in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 and 301–10.123 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 413. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to approve a new foreign air carrier permit under sections 41301 through 41305 of title 49, United States Code, or exemption application under section 40109 of that title of an air carrier already holding an air operators certificate issued by a country that is party to the U.S.-E.U.-Ice-land-Norway Air Transport Agreement where such approval would contravene United States law or Article 17 bis of the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict or otherwise preclude the Secretary of Transportation from granting a foreign air carrier permit or an exemption to such an air carrier where such authorization is consistent with the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Nor-way Air Transport Agreement and United States law. S
EC. 414. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees of a single agency or department of the United States Government, who are sta-tioned in the United States, at any single international conference unless the relevant Secretary reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days in advance that such attendance is im-portant to the national interest: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. SEC. 415. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Surface Transportation Board to charge or collect any filing fee for rate or practice complaints filed with the Board in an amount in excess of the amount author-ized for district court civil suit filing fees under section 1914 of title 28, United States Code. S
EC. 416. (a) All unobligated balances, in-cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated in division K of Pub-lic Law 115–31 for ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation-Office of the Secretary-Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation- Office of the Secretary-Office of Civil Rights’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation-Of-fice of the Secretary-Small and Disadvan-taged Business Utilization and Outreach’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation-Federal Transit Administration-Administrative Ex-penses’’, ‘‘Department of Transportation- Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration-Operational Expenses’’, ‘‘Sur-face Transportation Board-Salaries and Ex-penses’’, ‘‘Access Board-Salaries and Ex-penses’’, ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission- Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘National Railroad Passenger Corporation-Office of Inspector General-Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘National Transportation Safety Board-Salaries and Expenses’’, and ‘‘United States Interagency Council on Homelessness-Operating Ex-penses’’ are rescinded. (b) All unobligated balances, including re-captures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated in division K of Public Law 115–31 for accounts under the headings ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment-Management and Administration’’ and ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment-Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ are rescinded. S
EC. 417. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 418. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 419. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Re-port 115–237. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 420. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION I—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military functions ad-ministered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $41,427,054,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for else-where), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,707,918,000 (reduced by $2,000,000) (in-creased by $2,000,000). M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,165,714,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (ex-cept members of reserve components pro-vided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation ca-dets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,738,320,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,721,128,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00339 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6996 September 6, 2017 
personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equiv-alent duty, and expenses authorized by sec-tion 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,987,662,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on ac-tive duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on ac-tive duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $762,793,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,808,434,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $8,252,426,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,406,137,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $38,483,846,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,600,000) (reduced by $6,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as author-ized by law, $45,980,133,000 (reduced by $598,000) (reduced by $7,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,885,884,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $38,592,745,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and ex-traordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as authorized by law, $33,771,769,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000) (reduced by $194,897,000) (increased by $194,897,000) (reduced by $26,200,000) (re-duced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $6,250,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000) (reduced by $34,734,000) (reduced by $60,000,000): Pro- vided, That not more than $15,000,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initia-tive Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $38,458,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Tech-nical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $9,385,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is available only for expenses relat-ing to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance ap-propriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and main-tenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $415,000,000, of which $100,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and as-sistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security co-operation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $2,870,163,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $1,038,507,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and trans-portation; care of the dead; recruiting; pro-curement of services, supplies, and equip-ment; and communications, $282,337,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; re-pair of facilities and equipment; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; travel and transpor-tation; care of the dead; recruiting; procure-ment of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,233,745,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the Na-tional Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of sup-plies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,275,820,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00340 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6997 September 6, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; sup-plying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for re-pair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; trav-el expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while in-specting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bu-reau, $6,735,930,000. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  A
RMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,538,000, of which not to ex-ceed $5,000 may be used for official represen-tation purposes. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $215,809,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appro-priation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $288,915,000 (increased by $34,734,000) (in-creased by $30,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Sec-retary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environ-mental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe build-ings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses and for the same time period as the ap-propriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $308,749,000 (increased by $30,000,000), to re-main available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are re-quired for environmental restoration, reduc-tion and recycling of hazardous waste, re-moval of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this ap-propriation: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $9,002,000 (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environ-mental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe build-ings and debris of the Department of De-fense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses and for the same time period as the ap-propriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  U
SEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $233,673,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the De-partment of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
VERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND C
IVICAID For expenses relating to the Overseas Hu-manitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid pro-grams of the Department of Defense (con-sisting of the programs provided under sec-tions 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $107,900,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018. C
OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance pro-vided by contract or by grants, under pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Pro-gram authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $324,600,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  D
EFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $5,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for pro-grams, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have ap-proved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strat-egy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to im-plement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense. TITLE III PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,456,533,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,581,600,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of weapons and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00341 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6998 September 6, 2017 
tracked combat vehicles, equipment, includ-ing ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and in-stallation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other ex-penses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,556,175,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,811,808,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $6,356,044,000 (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $17,908,270,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and re-lated support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equip-ment layaway, $3,387,826,000 (increased by $26,200,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $735,651,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construc-tion, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and ar-mament thereof, plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $842,853,000; Carrier Replacement Program, $1,869,646,000; Carrier Replacement Program (AP), $2,561,058,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,305,315,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $1,920,596,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,569,669,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $75,897,000; DDG–1000 Program, $164,976,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $3,499,079,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $90,336,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,566,971,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $635,000,000; LHA Replacement, $1,695,077,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $449,415,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,068,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $390,554,000; Service Craft, $23,994,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $76,204,000; LCU 1700, $31,850,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $542,626,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $117,542,000. In all: $21,503,726,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That additional obligations may be in-curred after September 30, 2022, for engineer-ing services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be con-structed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act for production of the com-mon missile compartment of nuclear-pow-ered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to sup-port continuous production of such compart-ments only in accordance with the provi-sions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328)). OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and mod-ernization of support equipment and mate-rials not otherwise provided for, Navy ord-nance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $7,852,952,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For expenses necessary for the procure-ment, manufacture, and modification of mis-siles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equip-ment, appliances, and machine tools, and in-stallation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehi-cles for the Marine Corps, including the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,818,846,000 (increased by $20,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; special-ized equipment; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erec-tion of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to ap-proval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $16,553,196,000 (increased by $16,000,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,203,101,000, to remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00342 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6999 September 6, 2017 
available for obligation until September 30, 2020. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $3,210,355,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,316,977,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; lease of passenger motor ve-hicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $19,318,814,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procure-ment, production, and modification of equip-ment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of struc-tures, and acquisition of land for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $5,239,239,000 (reduced by $10,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020. D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of De-fense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $67,401,000, to remain available until expended. PROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $12,622,931,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, Na-tional Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided fur-ther, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act, except for missile defense requirements resulting from urgent or emer-gent operational needs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $9,674,222,000 (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (in-creased by $12,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $17,196,521,000 (increased by $598,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (increased by $24,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Op-erations Forces. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $33,874,980,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (in-creased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000) (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $20,698,353,000 (reduced by $16,000,000) (re-duced by $12,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $12,500,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $4,135,000) (increased by $4,135,000) (re-duced by $27,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this para-graph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid In-novation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to in-clude program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept dem-onstration; engineering, testing, and valida-tion; and transition to full-scale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the pur-pose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the De-partment of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , D
EFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evalua-tion, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, pro-duction decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $210,900,000, to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA -
TION, N ATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION  F
UND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Develop-ment, Test and Evaluation, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and ac-tivities necessary to implement the 2018 Na-tional Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, devel-opment, test and evaluation accounts: Pro- vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act, except for missile defense require-ments resulting from urgent or emergent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00343 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7000 September 6, 2017 
operational needs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,586,596,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $33,931,566,000 (increased by $7,000,000) (in-creased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (in-creased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000); of which $31,735,923,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $15,349,700,000 may be avail-able for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $895,328,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,300,315,000 (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for research, devel-opment, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational ac-tivities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities con-ducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $627,100,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed med-ical research programs. C
HEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  D
ESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provi-sions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chem-ical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $961,732,000, of which $104,237,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $49,401,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $21,045,000 for activities on mili-tary installations and $28,356,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to assist State and local governments; $18,081,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $18,081,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emer-gency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $839,414,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $750,700,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alter-natives program. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counter-drug ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military per-sonnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and main-tenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $854,814,000, of which $532,648,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $120,813,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; and $201,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained else-where in this Act. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $336,887,000, of which $334,087,000 shall be for operation and main-tenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and pay-ments may be made on the Inspector Gen-eral’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, $514,000,000. I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  A
CCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $522,100,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any per-son not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of De-fense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase au-thorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is com-puted under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in ex-cess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own em-ployees, whichever is higher: Provided fur-ther, That this section shall not apply to De-partment of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplo-matic missions whose pay is set by the De-partment of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limita-tions of this provision shall not apply to for-eign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. SEC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,500,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made avail-able in this Act to the Department of De-fense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which trans-ferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which origi-nally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other au-thority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be avail-able to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for re-programming of funds, unless for higher pri-ority items, based on unforeseen military re-quirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017: Provided further, That trans-fers among military personnel appropria-tions shall not be taken into account for pur-poses of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this sec-tion. S
EC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budg-et activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the ta-bles titled Explanation of Project Level Ad-justments in the explanatory statement re-garding this Act, the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those pro-grams, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced ta-bles described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00344 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7001 September 6, 2017 
of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by budget activity and pro-gram, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in sub-section (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such re-programming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’ ; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense- Wide’’ (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working cap-ital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed trans-fer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to work-ing capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war re-serve material inventory, unless the Sec-retary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. S
EC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 cal-endar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liabil-ity in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the con-gressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quan-tity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s li-ability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procure-ment of aircraft, that includes, for any air-craft unit to be procured through the con-tract for which procurement funds are re-quested in that budget request for produc-tion beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor asso-ciated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used, subject to section 2306b of title 10 , United States Code, for multiyear pro-curement contracts as follows: V-22 Osprey aircraft variants; up to 13 SSN Virginia Class Submarines and Government-furnished equipment; and DDG-51 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers, the MK 41 Vertical Launching Systems, and associ-ated Government-furnished systems and sub-systems. SEC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic as-sistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assist-ance costs incidental to authorized oper-ations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humani-tarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such fa-cilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian pa-tients from American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Mi-cronesia, Palau, and Guam. SEC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the manage-ment of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an end-strength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2019. (c) As required by section 1107 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinven-tion Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Al-lowances, and the management of the work-force strength shall be done in a manner con-sistent with the budget available with re-spect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to apply to military (civilian) techni-cians. S
EC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional ac-tion on any legislation or appropriation mat-ters pending before the Congress. S
EC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a full-time student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a full-time student is credited to-ward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided fur-ther, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Prote´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Prote´ge´Program developmental as-sistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the au-thority of this provision or any other trans-fer authority contained in this Act. S
EC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the De-partment of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manu-factured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00345 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7002 September 6, 2017 
chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the ag-gregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components pro-duced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service re-sponsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. S
EC. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to de-militarize or destroy small arms ammuni-tion or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for fur-ther use. S
EC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Cap-ital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. S
EC. 8019. Of the funds made available in this Act, $20,000,000 shall be available for in-centive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a sub-contract award to any subcontractor or sup-plier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or in-dividuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be consid-ered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under sec-tion 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appro-priated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That not- withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisi-tion of commercial items produced or manu-factured, in whole or in part, by any subcon-tractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small busi-ness owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. S
EC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international polit-ical or psychological activities. S
EC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contribu-tions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. SEC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $43,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corpora-tion, of which— (1) $30,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to sup-port Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activi-ties involving youth programs; (2) $10,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle pro-curement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activi-ties in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. S
EC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an orga-nization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation con-sisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, ex-cept when acting in a technical advisory ca-pacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the de-partment from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Govern-ment grants, for absorption of contract over-runs, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2018, not more than 6,000 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to pre-viously in this subsection, not more than 1,180 staff years may be funded for the de-fense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intel-ligence Program (NIP) and the Military In-telligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2019 budget request, submit a report pre-senting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each de-fense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $210,000,000. S
EC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro-vided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of the military de-partment responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided fur-ther, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate, the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives. S
EC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense- related articles, through competition be-tween Department of Defense depot mainte-nance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency con-cerned, with power of delegation, shall cer-tify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. S
EC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a for-eign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall re-scind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursu-ant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from for-eign entities in fiscal year 2018. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00346 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7003 September 6, 2017 
for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. S
EC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accord-ance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under sub-section (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term Indian tribe means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Sec-retary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a–1). S
EC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the De-partment of Defense for operation and main-tenance may be used to purchase items hav-ing an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. S
EC. 8031. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated Janu-ary 27, 2014. S
EC. 8032. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in mili-tary resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local com-munity: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or to-bacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. S
EC. 8033. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the pur-pose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to cus-tomers of the Department of Defense Work-ing Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fis-cal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for pro-curement. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropria-tion contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2019 procure-ment appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8034. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central In-telligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, ex-cept for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund dur-ing this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and develop-ment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8035. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this Act and hereafter for the Defense Intel-ligence Agency may be used for the design, development, and deployment of General De-fense Intelligence Program intelligence com-munications and intelligence information systems for the Services, the Unified and Specified Commands, and the component commands. S
EC. 8036. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environ-mental impacts, including training and tech-nical assistance to tribes, related adminis-trative support, the gathering of informa-tion, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. S
EC. 8037. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of inten-tionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall deter-mine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the per-son should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or prod-ucts purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of De-fense, in expending the appropriation, pur-chase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competi-tive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. SEC. 8038. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the de-partment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the lim-itations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and cer-tifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate that the granting of the waiver will re-duce the personnel requirements or the fi-nancial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to improve the effectiveness and effi-ciencies of biometric activities and to inte-grate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency es-tablished to administer the Air Force Mor-tuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Oper-ations for the Department of Defense and au-thorized Federal entities. S
EC. 8039. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act shall be available to con-vert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of De-fense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organiza-tion plan developed by such activity or func-tion; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for per-formance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or func-tion by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organi-zation’s personnel-related costs for perform-ance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an ad-vantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the work-ers who are to be employed in the perform-ance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer- sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian em-ployees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwith-standing any administrative regulation, re-quirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or in-dustrial type function of the Department of Defense that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00347 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7004 September 6, 2017 
(A) is included on the procurement list es-tablished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits- Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in ac-cordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified firm under at least 51 per-cent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot mainte-nance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or func-tion of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or out-sourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, sub-section (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or out-sourcing of commercial activities. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 8040. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $274,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/ 2018, $82,700,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $19,319,000; ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2017/2019, $9,764,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $10,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $105,600,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $54,122,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2017/ 2021, $45,116,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $63,293,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $31,639,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $15,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $105,000,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Navy’’, 2017/2018, $34,128,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’, 2017/2018, $41,700,000. S
EC. 8041. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the author-ized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air Na-tional Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any ad-ministratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military tech-nicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. S
EC. 8042. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that pur-pose. SEC. 8043. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Mili-tary Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserve provide intel-ligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. S
EC. 8044. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appro-priations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activi-ties may be transferred to any other depart-ment or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. S
EC. 8045. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domes-tic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense re-quirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to ac-quire capability for national security pur-poses: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commer-cial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the re-striction shall apply to ball or roller bear-ings purchased as end items. S
EC. 8046. None of the funds made available by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procure-ments are open for award to all certified pro-viders of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehi-cle-class systems: Provided, That the award shall be made to the provider that offers the best value to the government. S
EC. 8047. In addition to the amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available else-where in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organiza-tions and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. S
EC. 8048. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national se-curity purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. S
EC. 8049. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision in this Act, the Small Business Inno-vation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set- asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the ex-tent they contribute to the extramural budg-et. SEC. 8050. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a con-tractor under a contract with the Depart-ment of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8051. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred, to be used in support of such per-sonnel in connection with support and serv-ices for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8052. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of sec-tion 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unex-pended balance, an obligation or an adjust-ment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the ex-pired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that ac-count; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current ap-propriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subse-quent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the au-thority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro- vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. S
EC. 8053. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equip-ment of the National Guard Distance Learn-ing Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall es-tablish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associ-ated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. S
EC. 8054. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00348 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7005 September 6, 2017 
to modify command and control relation-ships to give Fleet Forces Command oper-ational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and con-trol relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Pro- vided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notifi-cation unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any pro-posed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational re-quirements. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8055. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’, $25,000,000 (in-creased by $10,000,000) shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Depart-ment of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided fur-ther, That this transfer authority is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. S
EC. 8056. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or in-ventory requirements: Provided, That this re-striction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping, and test activi-ties preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs fund-ed within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. S
EC. 8057. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with re-spect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from for-eign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limi-tation with respect to that country would in-validate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate recip-rocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under con-tracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any rea-son other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limi-tation regarding construction of public ves-sels, ball and roller bearings, food, and cloth-ing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. SEC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Depart-ment of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. S
EC. 8059. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability dem-onstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national inter-est to do so. S
EC. 8060. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly re-port to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. S
EC. 8061. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serv-ing on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground- based elements of the National Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System. S
EC. 8062. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any non-governmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center- fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor pene-trator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-pierc-ing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a con-tract that requires the entity to dem-onstrate to the satisfaction of the Depart-ment of Defense that armor piercing projec-tiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the de-militarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pur-suant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Perma-nent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. S
EC. 8063. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under sec-tion 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organi-zation specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, so-cial, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by- case basis. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8064. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $66,881,780 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the ac-quisition of real property, construction, per-sonal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts en-tered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Pro- vided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the max-imum extent consistent with the national se-curity, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 8065. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budg-et, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassi-fied P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are appor-tioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be con-strued to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Pro-gram budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is other-wise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal re-porting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management proc-esses. Such study shall include a comprehen-sive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed pro-posals defined under subsection (c), the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-retary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alter-natives will help achieve auditability, im-prove fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and in-telligence committees. S
EC. 8066. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) is hereby appropriated to the De-partment of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Sec-retary of Defense that it shall serve the na-tional interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Founda-tion, Inc., only for the construction and fur-nishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8067. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $705,800,000 shall be for the Israeli Coopera-tive Programs: Provided, That of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00349 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7006 September 6, 2017 
amount, $92,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rock-et threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $221,500,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, in-cluding cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $205,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Mis-sile Defense Architecture, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activi-ties of Arrow 3 Upper Tier missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amend-ed; $105,000,000 shall be for testing of the upper-tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture in the United States; and $82,300,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including develop-ment of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provi-sion is in addition to any other transfer au-thority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8068. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $117,542,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro- vided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appro-priations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Carrier Re-placement Program $20,000,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2008/2018: DDG–51 De-stroyer $19,436,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Littoral Com-bat Ship $6,394,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: LHA Replace-ment $14,200,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2018: DDG–51 De-stroyer $31,941,000; (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2018: Litoral Combat Ship $20,471,000; and (7) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2018: LCAC $5,100,000. S
EC. 8069. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. S
EC. 8070. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new pro-gram, project, or activity unless such pro-gram, project, or activity must be under-taken immediately in the interest of na-tional security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8071. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in con-tingency operations for the Military Per-sonnel accounts, the Operation and Mainte-nance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency oper-ation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided fur-ther, That these documents shall include es-timated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhib-its OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Depart-ment of Defense Financial Management Reg-ulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. S
EC. 8072. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile de-fense system. S
EC. 8073. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $289,000,000. S
EC. 8074. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of na-tional defense requirements during the non- hurricane season. S
EC. 8075. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States per-sons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitu-tion as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. S
EC. 8076. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of un-manned aerial vehicles. S
EC. 8077. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall re-main available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appro-priated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8078. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appro-priations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. SEC. 8079. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees to establish the baseline for applica-tion of reprogramming and transfer authori-ties for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the con-gressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. S
EC. 8080. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, re-structure, or realign Army Contracting Com-mand—New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Con-tracting Command—New Jersey sites with-out 30-day prior notification to the congres-sional defense committees. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 8081. Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Defense, the following funds are permanently rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts to reflect excess cash balances in the Department of Defense Ac-quisition Workforce Development Fund: From ‘‘Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, Defense’’, $10,000,000. S
EC. 8082. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assist-ance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Sol-diers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that in-cludes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under sec-tion 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. S
EC. 8083. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in ac-cordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-tional Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropria-tions, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notifi-cation period may be reduced for urgent na-tional security requirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00350 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7007 September 6, 2017 
(b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a re-programming or transfer of funds in accord-ance with section 102A(d) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that re-sults in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congres-sional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security require-ments. S
EC. 8084. The Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years intelligence pro-gram (including associated annexes) reflect-ing the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. S
EC. 8085. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’’ means the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8086. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the ap-propriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department con-cerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8087. Not to exceed $500,000,000 appro-priated by this Act for operation and mainte-nance may be available for the purpose of making remittances and transfer to the De-fense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 8089. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal con-tract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provi-sion of an existing agreement with an em-ployee or independent contractor that man-dates that the employee or independent con-tractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be en-forced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or sub-contract if the Secretary or the Deputy Sec-retary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national secu-rity interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall trans-mit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this sub-section not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8090. From within the funds appro-priated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $115,519,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for pur-poses of section 1704(b), the facility oper-ations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and sup-porting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by sec-tion 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided fur-ther, That additional funds may be trans-ferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Pro-gram to the Joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 8091. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8092. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8093. Upon a determination by the Di-rector of National Intelligence that such ac-tion is necessary and in the national inter-est, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, trans-fer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unfore-seen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017. S
EC. 8094. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprison-ment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other for-eign country, or any other foreign entity ex-cept in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). S
EC. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00351 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7008 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 8098. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Sec-retary of Defense, or any other official or of-ficer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of under-standing, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, determines that it is in the vital na-tional security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the con-gressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the trans-fer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federa-tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. S
EC. 8099. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8100. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders ap-pointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia pay-ments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal in-jury, or death that is incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this sec-tion may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipi-ent is determined by the local military com-mander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be com-pensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘For-eign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) N
ATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Sec-retary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram should be determined pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should in-clude such factors as cultural appropriate-ness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) LEGAL ADVICE .—Local military com-manders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this sub-section. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Depart-ment of Defense regulations. (f) W
RITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. S
EC. 8101. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or mainte-nance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accord-ance with section 1042 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. S
EC. 8102. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a searchable format. S
EC. 8103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the perform-ance of a flight demonstration team at a lo-cation outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a per-formance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was can-celed during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. S
EC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Se-curity Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to sec-tion 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any elec-tronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic commu-nication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. S
EC. 8105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 8106. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Fed-eral agency not financed by this Act unless explicity provided for in a Defense Appro-priations Act: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds ex-pressly provided for in Defense Appropria-tions Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense. SEC. 8107. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or ex-pand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the con-gressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military oper-ation being conducted by United States Spe-cial Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive the prohibitions in this sec-tion if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary cir-cumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the con-gressional defense committees of such waiv-er. S
EC. 8108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolu-tion (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hos-tilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in con-travention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 8109. None of the funds provided in this Act for the T–AO Fleet Oiler or the Tow-ing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship programs shall be used to award a new contract that pro-vides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxil-iary equipment (including pumps) for ship-board services; propulsion equipment (in-cluding engines, reduction gears, and propel-lers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. S
EC. 8110. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $75,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8111. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $1,007,267,000. S
EC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or par-ticipants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and De-partment of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (en-closure 3, 14a and 14b). S
EC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. S
EC. 8114. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $289,255,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes re-lated to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Pro- vided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and ex-penses related to the National Defense Re-serve Fleet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00352 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7009 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 8115. None of the funds made available by this Act for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization pro-gram may be obligated or expended for pre- milestone B activities after March 31, 2018, except for source selection and other activi-ties necessary to enter the engineering and manufacturing development phase. S
EC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8117. Additional readiness funds made available in title II of this Act for ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be trans-ferred to and merged with any appropriation of the Department of Defense for activities related to the Zika virus in order to provide health support for the full range of military operations and sustain the health of the members of the Armed Forces, civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense, and their families, to include: research and de-velopment, disease surveillance, vaccine de-velopment, rapid detection, vector controls and surveillance, training, and outbreak re-sponse: Provided, That the authority pro-vided in this section is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority pro-vided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 8118. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to por-nography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. S
EC. 8119. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, any transfer of funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center pursu-ant to section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as appli-cable. S
EC. 8120. No amounts credited or other-wise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be trans-ferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department spe-cific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER FUND)  S
EC. 8121. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act for military personnel pay, including active duty, reserve and Na-tional Guard personnel, $206,400,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to mili-tary personnel accounts: Provided, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. S
EC. 8122. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $235,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be avail-able to the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of Defense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, notwith-standing any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military instal-lations in order to address capacity or facil-ity condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjust-ment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition defi-ciencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this section a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the notice ti-tled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expan-sion of Public Schools Located on Military Installations’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on Sep-tember 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Pro- vided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand ele-mentary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address ca-pacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the changes to the Joint Travel Regulations of the Department of Defense described in the memorandum of the Per Diem Travel and Transportation Allowance Committee titled ‘‘UTD/CTD for MAP 118–13/CAP 118–13 - Flat Rate Per Diem for Long Term TDY’’ and dated October 1, 2014. S
EC. 8124. In carrying out the program de-scribed in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/ Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to im-plement such memorandum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guid-ance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding em-bryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limita-tion on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,635,317,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $377,857,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $103,800,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $912,779,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $24,942,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $9,091,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,328,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $20,569,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $184,589,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,004,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Military Personnel, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Pro- vided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to imple-ment the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00353 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7010 September 6, 2017 
Secretary has submitted, and the congres-sional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Pro- vided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such in-vestments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense may transfer these funds only to military personnel accounts: Pro- vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $16,126,403,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $5,875,015,000, of which up to $161,885,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ ac-count: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,116,640,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,266,295,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $6,944,201,000: Provided, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for payments to re-imburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to ade-quately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclu-sive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further, That funds pro-vided under this heading may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further, That funds pro-vided under this heading may be used to sup-port the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may de-termine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain secu-rity along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional de-fense committees outlining the amounts in-tended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to pro-vide support and assistance to foreign secu-rity forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support, or facilitate counterter-rorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $24,699,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $23,980,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,367,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $58,523,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $108,111,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,400,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  D
EFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $2,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for pro-grams, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have ap-proved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strat-egy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to im-plement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
FGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,937,515,000 (reduced by $12,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Secu-rity Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assist-ance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghani-stan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and in-frastructure repair, renovation, construc-tion, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and ex-pend funds made available to the Depart-ment of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects pre-viously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other nec-essary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction: Provided further, That the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00354 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7011 September 6, 2017 
Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall no-tify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the con-gressional defense committees: Provided fur-ther, That the authority to provide assist-ance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to for-eign nations: Provided further, That contribu-tions of funds for the purposes provided here-in from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the ob-ligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obliga-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional de-fense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds pro-vided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruit-ment and training of female security per-sonnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C
OUNTER -ISIL T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,769,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided fur-ther, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may de-termine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia result-ing from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and following written notifi-cation to the congressional defense commit-tees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to ele-ments of any forces or individuals, such ele-ments or individuals are appropriately vet-ted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Govern-ment of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, includ-ing assistance in-kind, from foreign govern-ments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance au-thorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign govern-ment or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary deter-mines that such provision of law would pro-hibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is sub-mitted to the congressional defense commit-tees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Pro- vided further, That the United States may ac-cept equipment procured using funds pro-vided under this heading, or under the head-ing, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, ir-regular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant may be treated as stocks of the Depart-ment of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for trans-fer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide quarterly re-ports to the congressional defense commit-tees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment pro-vided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contribu-tions of other countries, groups, or individ-uals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/ Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $424,686,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $557,583,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehi-cles, Army’’, $1,191,139,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Army’’, $193,436,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Army’’, $405,575,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $157,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $130,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $223,843,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Navy’’, $207,984,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Marine Corps’’, $64,071,000, to remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00355 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7012 September 6, 2017 
available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $510,836,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $381,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Space Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $2,256,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $501,509,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $3,998,887,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Defense-Wide’’, $510,741,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  A
CCOUNT  For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,000,000,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Re-serve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this para-graph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $6,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $119,368,000 (increased by $6,000,000), to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $124,865,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $144,508,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $226,096,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA -
TION, N ATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION  F
UND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Develop-ment, Test and Evaluation, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and ac-tivities necessary to implement the 2018 Na-tional Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed al-location plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are nec-essary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, devel-opment, test and evaluation accounts: Pro- vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $148,956,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $395,805,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Inter-diction and Counter-Drug Activities, De-fense’’, $196,300,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. J
OINT IMPROVISED -THREAT DEFEAT FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the ‘‘Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund’’, $483,058,000, to remain available until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00356 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7013 September 6, 2017 
September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Direc-tor of the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization to investigate, develop and pro-vide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, personnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of impro-vised explosive devices: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein to appropriations for military personnel; operation and mainte-nance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accomplish the purpose pro-vided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 5 days prior to making transfers from this ap-propriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2018. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the author-ity in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construc-tion associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for op-eration and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of over-seas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction include all in-house Govern-ment costs. S
EC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may pur-chase for use by military and civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of re-sponsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. SEC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Com-manders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not ex-ceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6-month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quar-ter, the Army shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees quarterly com-mitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided fur-ther, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes de-scribed herein for a project with a total an-ticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a written no-tice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military cam-paign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the pro-posed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agency of the United States Govern-ment or a third-party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and main-tenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. S
EC. 9006. Funds available to the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined op-eration with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting mili-tary and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees re-garding support provided under this section. S
EC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. SEC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Na-tions Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Re-form and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Depart-ment of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). S
EC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the ap-proval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That the AROC must approve the re-quirement and acquisition plan for any serv-ice requirements in excess of $50,000,000 an-nually and any non-standard equipment re-quirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has con-vened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. S
EC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for oper-ation and maintenance may be used to pur-chase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of De-fense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Com-mander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. S
EC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appro-priated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be used to pro-vide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. S
EC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to pro-cure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative’’, $150,000,000 is hereby ap-propriated, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and serv-ices; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weap-ons or defensive articles provided to the Gov-ernment of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional de-fense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00357 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7014 September 6, 2017 
the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was trans-ferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written no-tification to the congressional defense com-mittees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. S
EC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 for ‘‘Assist-ance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reim-bursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist or-ganizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neigh-boring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and in-telligence agencies are not intervening extra-judicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear- related material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judi-cial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterter-rorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced per-sons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by- case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, ex-ercises such waiver authority, the Secre-taries shall report to the congressional de-fense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Paki-stan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classi-fied form if necessary. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to im-prove the intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer au-thority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees on the proposed uses of these funds: Pro- vided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any pro-gram, project, or activity specifically lim-ited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. S
EC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent in-volvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian terri-tory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congres-sional consultation and reporting require-ments of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 9019. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $25,100,000; ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $100,000,000; and ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’, 2017/2018, $112,513,000. ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide, DSCA Coalition Support Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $350,000,000. S
EC. 9020. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress. S
EC. 9021. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the United States strategy to defeat Al- Qaeda, the Taliban, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), and their associated forces and co-belligerents. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the adequacy of the ex-isting legal framework to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a), particu-larly with respect to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolu-tion of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (2) An analysis of the budgetary resources necessary to accomplish the strategy de-scribed in subsection (a). (c) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall tes-tify at any hearing held by any of the appro-priate congressional committees on the re-port and to which the Secretary is invited. (d) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE X—ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 10001. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 10002. Any reference to a ‘‘report ac-companying this Act’’ contained in this divi-sion shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–219. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the alloca-tion of funds provided by, and the implemen-tation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 10003. $0. S
EC. 10004. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under the head-ing ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ may be used to procure uniforms for the Af-ghan National Army. S
EC. 10005. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for the closure of a biosafety level 4 laboratory. S
EC. 10006. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. S
EC. 10007. None of the finds made avail-able by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. S
EC. 10008. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, complete, process, or approve a public-private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A-76. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION J—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives, $1,194,050,766 (increased by $250,000), as follows: H
OUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  For salaries and expenses, as authorized by law, $22,278,891, including: Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00358 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7015 September 6, 2017 
Speaker, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for offi-cial expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, including $10,000 for official ex-penses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2018 until January 2, 2019. M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  I
NCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  E
XPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL For Members’ representational allowances, including Members’ clerk hire, official ex-penses, and official mail, $562,632,498 (reduced by $11,025,000) (increased by $11,025,000). C
OMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  S
TANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  For salaries and expenses of standing com-mittees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $127,053,373: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018, except that $3,150,200 of such amount shall remain available until expended for committee room upgrading. C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries and expenses of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, $23,226,000, includ-ing studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accord-ance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be avail-able for reimbursement to agencies for serv-ices performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018. S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation and expenses of officers and employees, as authorized by law, $198,156,000, including: for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Histo-rian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception ex-penses, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, $27,945,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Ser-geant at Arms, including the position of Su-perintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $20,505,000 of which $6,696,000 shall remain available until ex-pended; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer in-cluding not more than $3,000 for official rep-resentation and reception expenses, $127,165,000, of which $2,108,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,968,000; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of General Counsel, $1,492,000; for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of the Parlia-mentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representa-tion and reception expenses, $2,037,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,209,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $9,437,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,000; for other authorized employees, $584,000. ALLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $260,704,004 (in-creased by $250,000), including: supplies, ma-terials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,000; official mail for com-mittees, leadership offices, and administra-tive offices of the House, $190,000; Govern-ment contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable em-ployee benefits, $233,540,004, to remain avail-able until March 31, 2019; Business Con-tinuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,186,000 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new mem-bers and staff, $2,273,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,500,000 (increased by $250,000), to remain available until expended; Office of Congres-sional Ethics, $1,670,000; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, mainte-nance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $720,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN MEMBERS ’ 
REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES TO BE USED  
FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR TO REDUCE THE  
FEDERAL DEBT  S
EC. 101. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES—S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES — M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only for fiscal year 2018. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2018 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such pay-ments have been made, for reducing the Fed-eral debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee on House Administration of the House of Rep-resentatives shall have authority to pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. (c) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Member of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  S
EC. 102. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) un-less the Member requests a copy. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  S
EC. 103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress). 
LIMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE TO LEASE  
VEHICLES  S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Chief Admin-istrative Officer of the House of Representa-tives to make any payments from any Mem-bers’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile dis-trict offices, in an aggregate amount that ex-ceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide an aggre-gate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representa-tives Administrative Reform Technical Cor-rections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress). 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver to the of-fice of a Member of the House of Representa-tives (including a Delegate or Resident Com-missioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Rep-resentatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL PICTORIAL  
DIRECTORY  S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Direc-tory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
AMENDING THE HOUSE SERVICES REVOLVING  
FUND  S
EC. 109. (a) C OLLECTION OF CERTAIN SERV-
ICEFEES.—Section 105(a) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5545(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) The collection of a service fee from vendors of the Master Web Services Agree-ment or the Technology Services Contract for failure to abide by and maintain House of Representatives security policies.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION  S
EC. 110. Not withstanding any other provi-sion of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relat-ing to cost of living adjustments for Mem-bers of Congress) during fiscal year 2018. JOINT ITEMS For Joint Committees, as follows: J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Committee on Taxation, $10,455,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: O
FFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  For medical supplies, equipment, and con-tingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his as-sistants, including: (1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the Attending Physician; (2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the Senior Medical Officer; (3) an allowance of $725 per month each to three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; (4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 as-sistants and $580 per month each not to ex-ceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and (5) $2,780,000 for reimbursement to the De-partment of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00359 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7016 September 6, 2017 
appropriation or appropriations from which such salaries, allowances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,838,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  S
ERVICES  S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,444,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 1001. (a) E STABLISHMENT OF SENIOR  L
EVEL POSITIONS .—Notwithstanding any order issued by the Speaker of the House of Representatives pursuant to paragraph (1) of section 311(d) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act, 1988 (2 U.S.C. 4532(1)), the chair of the Joint Committee on Taxation may establish and fix the compensation of senior level positions in the staff of the Joint Committee to meet critical scientific, tech-nical, professional, or executive needs of the Joint Committee. (b) L
IMITATION ON COMPENSATION .—The an- nual rate of pay for any position established under this section may not exceed the an-nual rate of pay for level II of the Executive Schedule. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— Subsection (e) of section 214 of the Postal Revenue and Federal Salary Act of 1967 (2 U.S.C. 4302) is repealed. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2018 and each succeeding fiscal year. CAPITOL POLICE S
ALARIES  For salaries of employees of the Capitol Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, profes-sional liability insurance, and other applica-ble employee benefits, $347,700,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $45,000,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. G
ENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Po-lice, including motor vehicles, communica-tions and other equipment, security equip-ment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical serv-ices, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the em-ployee assistance program, the awards pro-gram, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $74,800,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2018 shall be paid by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $3,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than $500 may be expended on the certification of the Exec-utive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses necessary for op-eration of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be ex-pended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connec-tion with official representation and recep-tion expenses, $48,500,000. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL C
APITAL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  For salaries for the Architect of the Cap-itol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary ex-penses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and ac-tivities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facili-ties under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and of-fice equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, to be expended as the Archi-tect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $93,000,000 (re-duced by $250,000) (reduced by $100,000) (in-creased by $100,000). C
APITOL BUILDING  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol, $45,300,000, of which $19,458,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. C
APITOL GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for care and im-provement of grounds surrounding the Cap-itol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $13,333,000, of which $3,195,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. H
OUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $169,294,000, of which $45,130,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building. In addition, for a payment to the House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. C
APITOL POWER PLANT  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (in-cluding the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not sup-plied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heat-ing and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Sta-tion complex, the Thurgood Marshall Fed-eral Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon re-quest of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropria-tion, $106,694,000, of which $28,057,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this ap-propriation as herein provided shall be avail-able for obligation during fiscal year 2018. LIBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for the mechan-ical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $76,097,000, of which $48,724,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. C
APITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  S
ECURITY  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever lo-cated, the Alternate Computer Facility, and Architect of the Capitol security operations, $33,249,000, of which $12,300,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. B
OTANIC GARDEN  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a pas-senger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $13,400,000, of which $2,600,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. C
APITOL VISITOR CENTER  For all necessary expenses for the oper-ation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $21,470,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
NO BONUSES FOR CONTRACTORS BEHIND  
SCHEDULE OR OVER BUDGET  S
EC. 1101. None of the funds made available in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award pay-ments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is be-hind schedule or over budget, unless the Ar-chitect of the Capitol, or agency-employed designee, determines that any such devi-ations are due to unforeseeable events, gov-ernment-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  S
EC. 1102. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for scrims con-taining photographs of building facades dur-ing restoration or construction projects per-formed by the Architect of the Capitol. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Library of Congress not otherwise provided for, in-cluding development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special cloth-ing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uni-forms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and main-tenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $464,209,234, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00360 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7017 September 6, 2017 
collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2018 and shall remain available until ex-pended for the development and maintenance of an international legal information data-base and activities related thereto: Provided, That the Library of Congress may not obli-gate or expend any funds derived from col-lections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in ex-cess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Pro- vided further, That the total amount avail-able for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $6,350,000: Provided further, That, of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with of-ficial representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided fur-ther, That, of the total amount appropriated, $8,653,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the digital collections and edu-cational curricula program: Provided further, That, of the total amount appropriated, $1,300,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System. C
OPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Copy-right Office, $72,011,000, of which not more than $35,218,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018 under section 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Provided, That the Copy-right Office may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropria-tions Acts: Provided further, That not more than $6,087,000 shall be derived from collec-tions during fiscal year 2018 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be re-duced by the amount by which collections are less than $41,305,000: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the mainte-nance of an ‘‘International Copyright Insti-tute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training na-tionals of developing countries in intellec-tual property laws and policies: Provided fur-ther, That $2,260,000 shall be derived from prior year unobligated balances: Provided further, That not more than $6,500 may be ex-pended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official rep-resentation and reception expenses for ac-tivities of the International Copyright Insti-tute and for copyright delegations, visitors, and seminars: Provided further, That, not-withstanding any provision of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are attributable to royalty fees and payments received by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the ad-ministration of the Copyright Royalty Judges program, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copy-right Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). C
ONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitu-tion of the United States of America, $111,474,000: Provided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or ex-pense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publi-cation has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate. BOOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  H
ANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $50,248,000: Provided, That, of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to pro-vide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the indi-vidual. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND  
ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 1201. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 2018, the obligational authority of the Li-brary of Congress for the activities described in subsection (b) may not exceed $190,642,000. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in subsection (a) are reimbursable and re-volving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Li-brary in appropriations Acts for the legisla-tive branch. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE C
ONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional information and the distribution of congres-sional information in any format; publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Con-gress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the re-cipient, $79,528,000: Provided, That this appro-priation shall not be available for paper cop-ies of the permanent edition of the Congres-sional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates au-thorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this ap-propriation shall be available for the pay-ment of obligations incurred under the ap-propriations for similar purposes for pre-ceding fiscal years: Provided further, That notwithstanding the 2-year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27-month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publica-tion is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Busi-ness Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further, That notwith-standing sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congres-sional Record on only a monthly and session basis. PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  S
UPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the public information pro-grams of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cata-loging and indexing of Government publica-tions and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as author-ized by law, $29,000,000: Provided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congres-sional serial sets and other related publica-tions for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 to deposi-tory and other designated libraries: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. G
OVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  O
PERATIONS REVOLVING FUND For payment to the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $8,540,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for information technology develop-ment and facilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby au-thorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accord-ance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Pub-lishing Office in connection with official rep-resentation and reception expenses: Provided further, That the business operations revolv-ing fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided further, That ex- penditures in connection with travel ex-penses of the advisory councils to the Direc-tor of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the business oper-ations revolving fund shall be available for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5316 of such title: Provided further, That activities financed through the business operations revolving fund may pro-vide information in any format: Provided fur-ther, That the business operations revolving fund and the funds provided under the head-ing ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Su-perintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at the Gov-ernment Publishing Office’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Government Accountability Office, including not more than $12,500 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Comptroller General of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00361 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7018 September 6, 2017 
United States in connection with official representation and reception expenses; tem-porary or intermittent services under sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the For-eign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations prescribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign countries, $544,505,919: Provided, That, in ad-dition, $23,800,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available with-out fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That this appropriation and appropriations for administrative expenses of any other de-partment or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, includ-ing necessary travel expenses of non-Federal participants: Provided further, That pay-ments hereunder to the Forum may be cred-ited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially fi-nanced. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leader-ship Center Trust Fund for financing activi-ties of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided, That funds made avail-able to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engaging in free mar-ket development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. J
OHNC. S TENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE  T
RAINING AND DEVELOPMENT  For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS 
MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  S
EC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emer-gency assistance and cleaning as may be pro-vided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Adminis-tration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  S
EC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond fiscal year 2018 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  S
EC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of com-pensation or designation of any office or po-sition appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the perma-nent law with respect thereto. CONSULTING SERVICES  S
EC. 204. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued under existing law. 
COSTS OF LBFMC  S
EC. 205. Amounts available for adminis-trative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appro-priate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all participating legislative branch entities (in such alloca-tions among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tion Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  S
EC. 207. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds made available to the Architect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate. (b) At the direction of the Capitol Police Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns described in subsection (a) may be suspended temporarily or otherwise sub-ject to restriction for security or related rea-sons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 208. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 209. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Re-port 115–199. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 210. $0. S
EC. 211. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Federal Register to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress), unless a printed copy is requested by the Member (or Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner). This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legisla-tive Branch Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION K—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Army as cur-rently authorized by law, including per-sonnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for con-struction and operation of facilities in sup-port of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $923,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $101,470,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, archi-tect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, includ-ing personnel in the Naval Facilities Engi-neering Command and other personal serv-ices necessary for the purposes of this appro-priation, $1,558,085,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $219,069,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,540,474,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $97,852,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently author-ized by law, $2,791,272,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00362 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7019 September 6, 2017 
military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $185,717,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $210,652,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $16,271,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army Na-tional Guard determines that additional ob-ligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determina-tion and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions there-for, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construc-tion Authorization Acts, $161,491,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $18,000,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Di-rector of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $73,712,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $6,887,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the re-serve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Con-struction Authorization Acts, $65,271,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,430,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Mili-tary Construction Authorization Acts, $63,535,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,725,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Re-serve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That, the Chief of the Air Force Reserve shall take immediate action to address unfunded mili-tary construction requirements for access control points and security issues at Air Force Reserve facilities. N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se-curity Investment Program for the acquisi-tion and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related ex-penses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by sec-tion 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of De-fense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $290,867,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $182,662,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, includ-ing debt payment, leasing, minor construc-tion, principal and interest charges, and in-surance premiums, as authorized by law, $346,625,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, in-cluding acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as au-thorized by law, $83,682,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leas-ing, minor construction, principal and inter-est charges, and insurance premiums, as au-thorized by law, $328,282,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $85,062,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, in-cluding debt payment, leasing, minor con-struction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $318,324,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the ac-tivities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments) for operation and maintenance, leas-ing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $59,169,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $2,726,000, to re-main available until expended, for family housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and sup-porting facilities. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY  U
NACCOMPANIED HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund, $623,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives un-dertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting fa-cilities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of De-fense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, for the con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are cer-tified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construc-tion of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 per-cent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Fed-eral court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the At-torney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except hous-ing for which funds have been made available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00363 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7020 September 6, 2017 
in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activ-ity for which American steel producers, fab-ricators, and manufacturers have been de-nied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military con-struction or family housing during the cur-rent fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new in-stallation overseas without prior notifica-tion to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North At-lantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a for-eign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and respon-sible bid of a United States contractor ex-ceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese con-tractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Commit-tees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construc-tion, either temporary or permanent, are an-ticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction au-thorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law dur-ing the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or fam-ily housing projects that are being com-pleted with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated super-vision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appro-priated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notifica-tion, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the De-partment of Defense Family Housing Im-provement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ ac-counts, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction of military unac-companied housing in ‘‘Military Construc-tion’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appro-priations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guaran-tees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, mili-tary unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of De-fense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Home-owners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts trans-ferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all fam-ily housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $15,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any gen-eral or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notifica-tion provided in an electronic medium pursu-ant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded sole-ly due to costs associated with environ-mental remediation that could not be rea-sonably anticipated at the time of the budg-et submission. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the pur-poses specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to sub-section (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the De-partment of Defense for military construc-tion and family housing operation and main-tenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making au-thorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobli-gated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. SEC. 122. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to relocate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employ-ees of the Department of the Army and Army contractor personnel employed ex-ceeds 10 percent of the total number of mem-bers of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or other-wise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military con-struction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Finan-cial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 125. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to re-main available until September 30, 2022: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $43,800,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $126,900,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $70,300,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $56,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $56,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $41,900,000; and ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Re-serve’’, $44,100,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identified in the respective military depart-ment’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2018 submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 126. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00364 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7021 September 6, 2017 
appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts in the amounts specified: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $10,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $10,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $27,440,000; ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program’’, $25,000,000; ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Army’’, $18,000,000; ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $8,000,000; and ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Air Force’’, $20,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. S
EC. 127. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 128. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot pro-gram for disability examinations as author-ized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Pro-gram for Survivors, emergency and other of-ficers’ retirement pay, adjusted-service cred-its and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $95,768,462,000, to re-main available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That not to exceed $17,882,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2019 under this head-ing shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ for necessary expenses in imple-menting the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropria-tion: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the fund-ing of individual medical facilities for nurs-ing home care provided to pensioners as au-thorized. 
READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and reha-bilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $11,832,175,000, to remain avail-able until expended and to become available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and as-sistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indem-nities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as au-thorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $121,529,000, which shall be in addition to remain available until ex-pended, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017, of which $109,090,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by sub-chapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2018, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $178,626,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $30,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obli-gations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,356,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan pro-gram, $395,000, which may be paid to the ap-propriation for ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by sub-chapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not other-wise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the Gen-eral Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the De-partment of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,894,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000): Provided, That expenses for serv-ices and assistance authorized under para-graphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent feasible, to become em-ployable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Provided further, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repay-ments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,031,808,000 (reduced by $1,031,808,000) (in-creased by $1,031,808,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (re-duced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), which shall be in addition to funds pre-viously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $49,161,165,000, plus reimburse-ments, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for vet-erans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Vet-erans Health Administration facilities to en-rolled veterans with privately written pre-scriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no addi-tional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non- Department facilities, $254,000,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), which shall be in addition to funds previously ap-propriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $8,384,704,000, plus reimbursements, shall be-come available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administra-tion of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and re-search activities, as authorized by law; ad-ministrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for col-lecting and recovering amounts owed the De-partment as authorized under chapter 17 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00365 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7022 September 6, 2017 
title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $284,397,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $7,239,156,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the mainte-nance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other nec-essary facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project manage-ment, real property acquisition and disposi-tion, construction, and renovation of any fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improv-ing, or providing facilities in the several hos-pitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of tem-porary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry serv-ices; $1,079,795,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $5,914,288,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $698,228,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2019. N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the juris-diction of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration, $306,193,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not other-wise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide cap-ital planning, management and policy activi-ties, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $346,891,000 (reduced by $5,000,000), of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $156,096,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental informa-tion systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of informa-tion technology systems, including manage-ment and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,135,500,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,230,320,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed $36,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $2,486,650,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed $174,000,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That $418,530,000 shall be for informa-tion technology systems development, mod-ernization, and enhancement, and shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided further, That amounts made available for information technology systems develop-ment, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and ex-penses, operations and maintenance, and in-formation technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs re-quests from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development, mod-ernization, and enhancement may be trans-ferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a re-quest to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That funds under this head-ing may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoper-ability: Provided further, That, of the funds made available for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement for the development of an elec-tronic health record, not more than 25 per-cent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: (1) a detailed explanation of the solicita-tion submitted to Cerner Corporation for de-velopment of an electronic health record for the Department of Veterans Affairs; (2) an explanation of how the electronic health record would replicate the Military Health System (MHS) Genesis record devel-oped by Cerner for the Department of De-fense, as well as the enhanced capabilities the Department of Veterans Affairs requires to achieve complete interoperability with the Department of Defense system and non- Department of Veterans Affairs providers who participate in the Department of Vet-erans Affairs healthcare system; (3) a strategic plan for development of the electronic health record system, an associ-ated implementation plan including timelines and performance milestones, a master schedule and annual and life-cycle cost estimates; (4) information on plans to maintain cur-rent functionality and integration with De-partment of Defense records during the tran-sition to MHS Genesis; and (5) Department of Veterans Affairs plans to manage the transition process to MHS Gen-esis, including possible pilot programs, training for users, and use of change man-agement tools: Provided further, That the funds made avail-able under this heading for information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the report accompanying this Act. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $160,106,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architec-tural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guar-antee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construc-tion costs, and site acquisition, where the es-timated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a pre-vious major project appropriation, $410,530,000, of which $372,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $38,530,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assess-ments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset man-agement related activities, including port-folio development and management activi-ties, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associ-ated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting offi-cers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the pur-chase, security, and maintenance of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this head-ing shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budg-etary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint reso-lution, or in the explanatory statement ac-companying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2018, for each ap-proved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2018; and (2) by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00366 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7023 September 6, 2017 
awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above: Pro- vided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $117,300,000 for Veterans Health Administration major con-struction projects shall not be available until the Department of Veterans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appro-priate non-Department of Veterans Affairs Federal entity to serve as the design and/or construction agent for any Veterans Health Administration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by providing full project management services, including management of the project design, acquisition, construction, and contract changes, consistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agree-ment is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost overruns and provides a copy of the agreement entered into and any required supplementary information to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital invest-ments, architectural and engineering serv-ices, maintenance or guarantee period serv-ices costs associated with equipment guaran-tees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $342,570,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or dam-age caused by any natural disaster or catas-trophe; and (2) temporary measures nec-essary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE  
EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domi-ciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for fur-nishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal orga-nizations in establishing, expanding, or im-proving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned ap-propriations: Provided, That, before a trans-fer may take place, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall request from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount ap-propriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notifica-tion from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and pur-pose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro- vided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be avail-able for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for ‘‘Construc-tion, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the con-struction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or ex-amination of any persons (except bene-ficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obli-gations of corresponding prior year appro-priations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pen-sions’’. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2018 that are available for dividends in that pro-gram after claims have been paid and actu-arially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of ad-ministration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accu-mulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such sur-plus earnings: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall determine the cost of adminis-tration for fiscal year 2018 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from en-hanced-use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that ac-count during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obli-gated during the fiscal year in which the pro-ceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, the Office of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication, the Office of Account-ability Review, the Central Whistleblower Office, the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, and the Office of the Executive Director of Accountability and Whistleblower Protec-tion, for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Man-agement, $3,932,000 for the Office of Employ-ment Discrimination Complaint Adjudica-tion, $10,057,000 for the Office of Account-ability Review, $6,646,000 for the Central Whistleblower Office, $2,973,000 for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, and $917,000 for the Office of the Executive Director of Ac-countability and Whistleblower Protection: Provided, That payments may be made in ad-vance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. S
EC. 211. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hos-pital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third-party 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00367 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7024 September 6, 2017 
reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such dis-closure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or serv-ices provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanced-use leasing activities (includ-ing disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisi-tion and disposition), alterations, and im-provements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including be-havioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to com-ply with all appropriate rules and regula-tions, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the pur-poses of these accounts. S
EC. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a min-imum, the report shall include the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quar-terly reporting’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 218. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ accounts for fis-cal year 2018 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-count: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided further, That, be- fore a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’, up to $297,137,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 222 of title II of division A of Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–223) is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 220. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2018, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $306,378,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical fa-cilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, es-tablished by section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as de-scribed by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Com-munity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Com-pliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a min-imum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 223. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equip-ment. S
EC. 224. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, which-ever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract iden-tifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obli-gation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. S
EC. 225. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope spec-ified for that project in the original jus-tification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 226. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report containing per-formance measures and data from each Vet-erans Benefits Administration Regional Of-fice: Provided, That, at a minimum, the re-port shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims back-log’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying Public Law 114–223: Provided fur-ther, That the report shall also include infor-mation on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quar-terly basis. S
EC. 227. Of the amounts made available for fiscal year 2018 for the ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’ accounts, not more than $226,012,000 shall be available to develop an electronic health record: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount made available for such purpose may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs sub-mits to the Committees on Appropriations of both House of Congress a detailed expla-nation of the activities to develop the Mili-tary Health System Genesis electronic health record to be funded by the Veterans Health Administration rather than the Of-fice of Information Technology, a timeline for completion, master schedule, perform-ance milestones, and annual and life-cycle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00368 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7025 September 6, 2017 
Veterans Health Administration cost esti-mates. S
EC. 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organiza-tional changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full-time equivalents from one or-ganizational unit of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to another. S
EC. 229. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discre-tionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2018 in this title (except appro-priations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ account) or any discretionary unobli-gated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appro-priated for fiscal year 2018, that were pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts: Pro- vided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such au-thority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided fur-ther, That, upon determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion and shall be available for the same pur-poses as originally appropriated: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 231. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Ap-peals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. S
EC. 232. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such in-stance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is ap-proved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 233. Of the discretionary funds made available in Public Law 114–223 for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, $313,730,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Services’’, $63,282,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and $22,960,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Fa-cilities’’. SEC. 234. The amounts otherwise made available by this Act for the following ac-counts of the Department of Veterans Affairs are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Veterans Health Administration— Medical and Prosthetic Research’’, $6,823,000. (2) ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’, $3,003,000. (3) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Gen-eral Administration’’, $3,600,000. (4) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Board of Veterans Appeals’’, $1,579,000. (5) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, $35,470,000. (6) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Infor-mation Technology Systems’’, $18,997,000. (7) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Office of Inspector General’’, $1,716,000. S
EC. 235. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained professional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the American Association of Suicidology. (b)(1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that pro-hibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appointing an individual to occupy a vacant civil service position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a posi-tion relating to the hotline specified in sub-section (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘civil service’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term ‘‘Executive action’’ includes— (i) any Executive order, presidential memorandum, or other action by the Presi-dent; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other di-rective. S
EC. 236. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domicil-iaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare serv-ices at existing Veterans Health Administra-tion medical facilities located in Veterans Integrated Service Network 8 or 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report including the following elements: (1) a national realignment strategy that includes a detailed description of realign-ment plans within each Veterans Integrated Services Network (VISN), including an up-dated Long Range Capital Plan to imple-ment realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost versus benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transportation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with his-toric designation and the methodology used to determine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the National Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realign-ment requirements: Provided, That, this pro-vision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 237. Section 8109(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) notwithstanding subsection (a) of sec-tion 1344 of title 31, may use a passenger car-rier (as such term is defined in subsection (h)(1) of such section) to transport such an employee between a parking facility and the medical facility of the Department at which the employee works.’’. S
EC. 238. None of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or ex-pended in contravention of the ‘‘Veterans Health Administration Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Vet-erans Health Administration’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance’’ published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Veterans Health Ad-ministration National Center for Health Pro-motion and Disease Prevention. S
EC. 239. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered veteran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service-connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproduc-tive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the sub-ject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Se-verely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits avail-able to such a member except that— (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memo-randum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limita-tion on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-re-lated expenses for an adoption that is final-ized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00369 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7026 September 6, 2017 
adoption reimbursement program of the De-partment of Defense, as authorized in De-partment of Defense Instruction 1341.09, in-cluding the reimbursement limits and re-quirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the pur-poses specified in subsection (a) of this sec-tion are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
MERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign coun-tries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monu-ments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $33,600,000: Provided, That of the amount, $800,000 shall be transferred to the General Services Administration for planning and de-sign of a courthouse: Provided further, That $2,580,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described and in accordance with the process and re-porting procedures set forth under this head-ing in Public Law 102–229. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Air-men’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $78,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. In addition, such sums as may be nec-essary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Washington, District of Co-lumbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, mak-ing additional land available for ground bur-ials. S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited into the spe-cial account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $147,158,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $31,890,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’ $434,652,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $24,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authori-ties and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E– Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all re-ports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies of the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or pro-gram named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-sioner of the United States House of Rep-resentatives. S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or pro-prietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a con-tract for goods or services, including con-struction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00370 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7027 September 6, 2017 
of Defense or the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to lease or purchase new light duty ve-hicles for any executive fleet, or for an agen-cy’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the pur-poses of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 513. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 514. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Re-port 115–188. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 515. $0. S
EC. 516. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administra-tion—Information Technology Services’’ (and the amount specified under such head-ing for operations and maintenance), and by increasing the amount made available in fis-cal year 2018 for ‘‘Veterans Health Adminis-tration—Medical Services’’, by $2,500,000 and $2,000,000, respectively. S
EC. 517. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of sub-chapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 518. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to charge a veteran a fee for a veterans identification card pursu-ant to section 5706(c) of title 38, United States Code, if the veteran uses form DD–214 to apply for the identification card and indi-cates on the form that the veteran is ‘‘home-less’’. S
EC. 519. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. S
EC. 520. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to purchase, breed, transport, house, feed, maintain, dispose of, or experiment on dogs as part of the conduct of any study assigned to pain category D or E, as defined by the Department of Agriculture. (b) This section shall not apply to training programs or studies of service dogs described in section 1714 of title 38 United States Code or section 17.148 of title 38 of the Code of Federal Regulations. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION L—ENERGY AND WATER DEVEL-OPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be ex-pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of pro-posed river and harbor, flood and storm dam-age reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construc-tion, $105,000,000 (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate six new study starts during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the new study starts shall con-sist of five studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation trans-portation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one study where the majority of benefits are derived from envi-ronmental restoration: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construc-tion of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participa-tion by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selec-tion by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to con-struction); $1,697,000,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (re-duced by $45,000,000) (increased by $45,000,000) (increased by $500,000), to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of con-struction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities pro-gram shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That the Sec-retary may initiate up to, but not more than, two new construction starts during fis-cal year 2018: Provided further, That the new construction starts shall consist of two projects where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings, flood and storm damage reduction, or environmental restoration: Provided fur-ther, That for new construction projects, project cost sharing agreements shall be exe-cuted as soon as practicable but no later than August 31, 2018: Provided further, That no allocation for a new start shall be consid-ered final and no work allowance shall be made until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an out-year funding sce-nario demonstrating the affordability of the selected new starts and the impacts on other projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may not deviate from the new starts pro-posed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $301,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible oper-ation and maintenance costs for inland har-bors shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing secu-rity for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative build-ings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing ob-structions to navigation, $3,519,000,000 (in-creased by $325,000) (reduced by $500,000) (in-creased by $500,000), to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligi-ble operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engineers estab-lished by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, in-terpretation, and maintenance activities re-lated to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds pro-vided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field operating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00371 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7028 September 6, 2017 
use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engi-neers determines to be necessary and appro-priate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any re-maining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in ac-cordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up con-tamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $118,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such dis-asters as authorized by law, $32,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Di-vision Engineers; and for costs of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engi-neer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $181,000,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $325,000) (reduced by $500,000), to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and rep-resentation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation provided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direc-tion and management activities of the divi-sion offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropria-tion may be used to fund the supervision and general administration of emergency oper-ations, repairs, and other activities in re-sponse to any flood, hurricane, or other nat-ural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $4,764,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than 75 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the As-sistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as des-ignated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accom-panying this Act) to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act; (5) increases funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (6) reduces funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less. (b) Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948, section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946, section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1954, section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960, sec-tion 103 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962, section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968, section 1135 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986, section 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, or section 204 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1992. (c) The Corps of Engineers shall submit re-ports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly re-port shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 102. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. S
EC. 103. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 104. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alter-native for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341); Pro- vided further, That until an open lake place-ment alternative for dredged material is ap-proved under a State water quality certifi-cation, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material consistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Ken-tucky, project authorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). S
EC. 107. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the ac-tivities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). SEC. 108. (a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army may withdraw the Waters of the United States rule without regard to any provision of stat-ute or regulation that establishes a require-ment for such withdrawal. (b) E
FFECT OF WITHDRAWAL .—Except as otherwise provided by any Act or rule that takes effect after the date of enactment of this Act, if the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and the Sec-retary of the Army withdraw the Waters of the United States rule under subsection (a), the Administrator and Secretary shall im-plement the provisions of law under which such rule was issued in accordance with the regulations and guidance in effect under such provisions immediately before the ef-fective date of such rule. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the term ‘‘Waters of the United States rule’’ means the final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ on June 29, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 37053). S
EC. 109. As of the date of enactment of this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, includ-ing an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— (1) the individual is not otherwise prohib-ited by law from possessing the firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in com-pliance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $8,983,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,450,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for ex-penses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Inte-rior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and res-toration of water and related natural re-sources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilita-tion of reclamation and other facilities, par-ticipation in fulfilling related Federal re-sponsibilities to Native Americans, and re-lated grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,091,790,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,693,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00372 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7029 September 6, 2017 
available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be in-creased or decreased within the overall ap-propriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be fi-nanced by the Reclamation Fund or the Bu-reau of Reclamation special fee account es-tablished by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Pro- vided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $41,376,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments author-ized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in- stream purposes if the water is already com-mitted to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environ-mental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $37,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear per-formance measures demonstrating concur-rent progress in achieving the goals and ob-jectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, adminis-tration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and of-fices in the five regions of the Bureau of Rec-lamation, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, $59,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimburs-able as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administra-tion expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress; (5) transfers funds in excess of the fol-lowing limits— (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or ac-tivity for which less than $2,000,000 is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclama-tion, more than $5,000,000 to provide ade-quate funds for settled contractor claims, in-creased contractor earnings due to acceler-ated rates of operations, and real estate defi-ciency judgments. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘transfer’’ means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall sub-mit reports on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing all the funds repro-grammed between programs, projects, activi-ties, or categories of funding. The first quar-terly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of dis-charge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Sec-retary of the Interior and the State of Cali-fornia of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of Cali-fornia as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and col-lected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repay-ment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or pro-viding for, drainage service or drainage stud-ies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reim-bursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. S
EC. 203. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to implement the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., East-ern District of California, No. Civ. 9 S–88–1658 LKK/GGH) or subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $1,103,908,000 (reduced by $48,000,000) (increased by $48,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (re-duced by $33,400,000) (increased by $15,000,000), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $125,849,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for program direction. E
LECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  R
ELIABILITY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity de-livery and energy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $218,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $27,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $969,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $70,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. F
OSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the au-thority of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defea-sible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facil-ity acquisition or expansion, and for con-ducting inquiries, technological investiga-tions and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $634,600,000 (increased by $33,400,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $60,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. N
AVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $4,900,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, un-obligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00373 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7030 September 6, 2017 
STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facil-ity development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $252,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $350,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘‘Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’’ during fiscal year 2018 and shall be made available and shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses in car-rying out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Re-serve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $6,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended. E
NERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $118,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense en-vironmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or ex-pansion, $222,400,000, to remain available until expended. U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  D
ECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility decontamination and decommis-sioning, remedial actions, and other activi-ties of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $768,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamina-tion and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. S
CIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activi-ties in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or fa-cility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 16 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambu-lance and one bus, $5,392,000,000 (increased by $1,200,000), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $177,000,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for program direction. N
UCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, Public Law 97–425, as amended (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘NWPA’’), including the acquisition of any real property or facility construction, or ex-pansion, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste disposal activities, 1.62 percent shall be provided to the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Nevada solely for expenditures, other than salaries and expenses of State employees, to conduct scientific oversight responsibilities and participate in licensing activities pursuant to the NWPA: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and de-fense nuclear waste disposal activities, 2.91 percent shall be provided to affected units of local government, as defined in the NWPA, to conduct appropriate activities and par-ticipate in licensing activities under Section 116(c) of the NWPA: Provided further, That of the amounts provided to affected units of local government, 7.5 percent of the funds provided for the affected units of local gov-ernment shall be made available to affected units of local government in California with the balance made available to affected units of local government in Nevada for distribu-tion as determined by the Nevada affected units of local government: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nu-clear waste disposal activities, 0.16 percent shall be provided to the affected Federally- recognized Indian tribes, as defined in the NWPA, solely for expenditures, other than salaries and expenses of tribal employees, to conduct appropriate activities and partici-pate in licensing activities under section 118(b) of the NWPA: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nu-clear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste disposal activities, 3.0 percent shall be provided to Nye County, Nevada, 0.05 percent shall be provided to Clark County, Nevada, and 0.46 percent shall be provided to the State of Nevada as payment equal to taxes under section 116(c)(3) of the NWPA: Provided further, That within 90 days of the comple-tion of each Federal fiscal year, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Nevada, each affected Federally-recognized Indian tribe, and each of the affected units of local government shall provide certification to the Department of Energy that all funds ex-pended from such payments have been ex-pended for activities authorized by the NWPA and this Act: Provided further, That failure to provide such certification shall cause such entity to be prohibited from any further funding provided for similar activi-ties: Provided further, That none of the funds herein appropriated may be: (1) used for liti-gation expenses; or (2) used for interim stor-age activities; or (3) used to support multi- State efforts or other coalition building ac-tivities inconsistent with the restrictions contained in this Act: Provided further, That all proceeds and recoveries realized by the Secretary in carrying out activities author-ized by the NWPA, including but not limited to any proceeds from the sale of assets, shall be credited to this account, to remain avail-able until expended, for carrying out the pur-poses of this account. TITLE 17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN G
UARANTEE PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  Such sums as are derived from amounts re-ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16512(b)) under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary ad-ministrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $2,000,000 is appro-priated, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $2,000,000 of the fees collected pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count to cover administrative expenses and shall remain available until expended, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropria-tion from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That fees col-lected under section 1702(h) in excess of the amount appropriated for administrative ex-penses shall not be available until appro-priated: Provided further, That the Depart-ment of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in viola-tion of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obli-gation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That of the subsidy amounts provided by sec-tion 1425 of the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 126), for the cost of loan guarantees for renewable energy or efficient end-use energy technologies under section 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513), $160,660,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided further, That the author-ity provided in prior year appropriations Acts for commitments to guarantee loans under title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, excluding amounts for commitments made by October 1, 2017, is hereby rescinded. ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  M
ANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. T
RIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Trib-al Energy Loan Guarantee Program, $500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Depart-ment of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $281,693,000 (re-duced by $1,200,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, including the hire of pas-senger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as nec-essary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwith-standing the provisions of the Anti-Defi-ciency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are off-set by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided further, That mon- eys received by the Department for miscella-neous revenues estimated to total $96,000,000 in fiscal year 2018 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as col-lections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $185,693,000. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00374 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7031 September 6, 2017 
$49,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION W
EAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $10,239,344,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to re-main available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $105,600,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for de-fense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $1,825,461,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D– 143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, and by prior Acts that remain unobligated for such Project, may be made available only for construction and project support activi-ties for such Project: Provided further, That of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $49,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided fur-ther, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
AVAL REACTORS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition (by purchase, condemnation, con-struction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,486,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which, $82,500,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Department of En-ergy—Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy’’, for the Advanced Test Reactor: Provided, That of such amount, $46,651,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. F
EDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Sala-ries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $412,595,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, in-cluding official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $5,405,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $300,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classi-fied activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $825,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $284,400,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for program direction. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, as amended, includ-ing the acquisition of real property or facil-ity construction or expansion, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for offi-cial reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2018, no new direct loan obligations may be made. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancil-lary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,379,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,379,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation esti-mated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $51,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , S
OUTHWESTERN POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of trans-mission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representa-tion expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $30,288,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $18,888,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Admin-istration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to re-main available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,400,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $10,000,000 col-lected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expendi-tures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (ex-cluding purchase power and wheeling ex-penses). CONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , WESTERN AREA POWER  A
DMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other re-lated activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $232,276,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $230,251,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Rec-lamation Fund: Provided, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and sec-tion 1 of the Interior Department Appropria-tion Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $138,904,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual ex-penses of the Western Area Power Adminis-tration: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,372,000, of which $91,347,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $179,000,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclama-tion Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00375 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7032 September 6, 2017 
FALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  M
AINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emer-gency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $4,176,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Oper-ating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That notwithstanding the pro-visions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $3,948,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this ac-count as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Adminis-tration activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, an-nual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $872,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Fal-con and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided fur-ther, That any such funds shall be available without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commis-sioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion for the sole purpose of operating, main-taining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Com-missioner, and the power customers. F
EDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $367,600,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $367,600,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for expenses nec-essary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to re-sult in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-thority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to ini-tiate or resume any program, project, or ac-tivity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (includ-ing Requests for Quotations, Requests for In-formation, and Funding Opportunity An-nouncements) for a program, project, or ac-tivity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full busi-ness days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discre-tionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract cov-ered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an allo-cation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appro-priated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief de-scription of the activity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or ac-tivity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘De-partment of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress at least 3 days in advance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Bill’’ column in the ‘‘De-partment of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of En-ergy’’ in the report of the Committee on Ap-propriations accompanying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed re-programming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less, during the time pe-riod covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a pro-gram, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this sec-tion that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or re-striction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall in-clude an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior ap-propriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropria-tion accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. SEC. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activi-ties are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enact-ment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 303. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construc-tion of facilities classified as high-hazard nu-clear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enterprise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. S
EC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical decision-2 or critical decision-3 under De-partment of Energy Order 413.3B, or any suc-cessive departmental guidance, for construc-tion projects where the total project cost ex-ceeds $100,000,000, until a separate inde-pendent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. S
EC. 305. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any prior Act under the head-ing ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new con-tracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such activity is in the na-tional security interests of the United States. This waiver authority may not be delegated. (c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, in classified form if necessary, a report on the justification for the waiver. S
EC. 306. Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), upon a determination by the President in this fiscal year that a regional supply shortage of refined petroleum product of significant scope and duration exists, that a severe increase in the price of refined pe-troleum product will likely result from such shortage, and that a draw down and sale of refined petroleum product would assist di-rectly and significantly in reducing the ad-verse impact of such shortage, the Secretary of Energy may draw down and sell refined petroleum product from the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. Proceeds from a sale under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00376 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7033 September 6, 2017 
this section shall be deposited into the SPR Petroleum Account established in section 167 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247), and such amounts shall be available for obligation, without fiscal year limitation, consistent with that section. S
EC. 307. (a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.—Not- withstanding section 161 of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), and in addition to sales authorized in sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note) and sec-tion 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (42 U.S.C. 6241 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell up to $8,400,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve during this fiscal year. (b) P
ROCEEDS .—Proceeds from a sale under this section shall be deposited into the SPR Petroleum Account during this fiscal year and shall be available for the costs of crude oil sales authorized in sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note) and section 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (42 U.S.C. 6241 note), to remain available until expended. (c) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in amounts that would limit the authority to sell petroleum prod-ucts under section 161(h) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)) in the full amount authorized by that sub-section. S
EC. 308. (a) N EWREGIONAL RESERVES .— The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional pe-troleum product reserve is explicitly re-quested in advance in an annual budget sub-mission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall include— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the re-serve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. S
EC. 309. Of the amounts made available under this title, not more than $267,901,000 may be transferred to the working capital fund established under section 653 of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7263). TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the programs authorized by the Appalachian Re-gional Development Act of 1965, and for ex-penses necessary for the Federal Co-Chair-man and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, $130,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.), $30,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Re-gional Authority and to carry out its activi-ties, as authorized by the Delta Regional Au-thority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382C(b)(2), 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. DENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Commission including the purchase, con-struction, and acquisition of plant and cap-ital equipment as necessary and other ex-penses, $11,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed commu-nities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106– 113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed com-munities: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law regard-ing payment of a non-Federal share in con-nection with a grant-in-aid program, amounts under this heading shall be avail-able for the payment of such a non-Federal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administra-tive expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. S
OUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to re-main available until expended. N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $939,137,000, including of-ficial representation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended, of which $30,000,000 shall be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which, notwith-standing section 201(a)(2)(c) of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Commission: Provided further, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $779,829,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall be re-tained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory in-frastructure for advanced nuclear tech-nologies, and $16,200,000 shall be for inter-national activities, except that the amounts provided under this proviso shall not be de-rived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $159,308,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with pro-grammatic missions but are critical to main-taining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,859,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,555,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2019, for necessary salaries and expenses in this ac-count, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,304,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, $1,131,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. N
UCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as author-ized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES S
EC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of chapter VI of its Internal Commis-sion Procedures when responding to Congres-sional requests for information. S
EC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Com-mission shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any pro-gram funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in subsection (a) if compliance with such re-quirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of any waiv-er under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or re-striction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to pro-grams, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion—Salaries and Expenses’’ shall be ex-pended as directed in the report of the Com-mittee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00377 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7034 September 6, 2017 
(d) None of the funds provided for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or ac-tivity for which funds are denied or re-stricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a month-ly report to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, which in-cludes the following for each program, project, or activity, including any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to com-municate to Members of Congress as de-scribed in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in title III of this Act may be trans-ferred to any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the re-port of the Committee on Appropriations ac-companying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fis-cal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any author-ity whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year-to- date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. S
EC. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Federal Actions to Address Environ-mental Justice in Minority Populations and Low-Income Populations). S
EC. 504. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further imple-mentation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy de-veloped under Executive Order No. 13547 of July 19, 2010. SEC. 506. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the removal of any federally owned or operated dam unless the removal was previously authorized by Congress. S
EC. 507. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct closure of adjudicatory functions, technical review, or support activities associated with the Yucca Mountain geologic repository license application, or for actions that irrevocably remove the possibility that Yucca Mountain may be a repository option in the future. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 508. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 509. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Re-port 115–230. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 510. $0. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this division may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Conti-nental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound. S
EC. 512. For ‘‘Department of Energy— Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability’’ for energy storage systems demonstrations as authorized by section 641 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17231), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—Depart-mental Administration’’ is hereby reduced by, $10,000,000. S
EC. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 2102 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 or section 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986. S
EC. 514. None of the funds made available under title I of division D of this Act may be used to require an economic re-evaluation of any project authorized under title VIII of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007. S
EC. 515. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Investigations’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $3,000,000. S
EC. 516. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Construction’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $100,000,000. S
EC. 517. None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—En-ergy Programs—Science’’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). S
EC. 518. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance that references or relies on the analysis con-tained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Anal-ysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, pub-lished by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77801); (4) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in July 2015; (5) ‘‘Addendum to the Technical Support Document on Social Cost of Carbon for Regu-latory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866: Application of the Methodology to Estimate the Social Cost of Methane and the Social Cost of Nitrous Oxide’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016; or (6) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Govern-ment, in August 2016. SEC. 519. None of the funds made available in this division may be used— (1) to implement or enforce section 430.32(x) of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or (2) to implement or enforce the standards established by the tables contained in sec-tion 325(i)(1)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(1)(B)) with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandescent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION M—DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY BORDER INFRASTRUC-TURE CONSTRUCTION APPROPRIATION ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, namely: U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses for U.S. Customs and Border Protection for procurement, con-struction, and improvements, $1,571,239,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, which shall be available as follows: (1) $784,000,000 for 32 miles of new border bollard fencing in the Rio Grande Valley, Texas. (2) $498,000,000 for 28 miles of new bollard levee wall in the Rio Grande Valley, Texas. (3) $251,000,000 for 14 miles of secondary fencing in San Diego, California. (4) $38,239,000 for planning for border wall construction. TITLE I—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 101. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00378 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7035 September 6, 2017 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Border Infrastructure Construction Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
b1830 The Acting CHAIR. Are there any points of order against the bill? For what purpose does the gentleman from Virginia seek recognition? 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I raise a point of order against the provi-sion beginning with the colon on page 327, line 22, and continuing through the word ‘‘crime’’ on page 328, line 2, of the Rules Committee print because it vio-lates clause 2 of House rule XXI. Under clause 2(b) of rule XXI, a provision that changes existing law may not be re-ported in a general appropriations bill. Section 510 of Division C provides that 5 percent of the amounts available for obligation from the Department of Justice’s Crime Victims Fund be made available for grants to Indian tribal governments in fiscal year 2018. This provision violates rule XXI because it changes existing law. The Victims of Crime Act already provides a statutory distribution formula of the Crime Vic-tims Fund for fiscal year 2018. Section 510 would change the formula. This statutory formula is squarely in the ju-risdiction of the Judiciary Committee. As this amendment would change current law by altering a statutory for-mula, it is a violation of clause 2(b) of rule XXI. Therefore, I insist on my point of order. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? The Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this provision explicitly supersedes existing law. The provision, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the provision is stricken from the bill. Are there any other points of order against the bill? For what purpose does the gentleman from Texas seek recognition? 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I raise a point of order against the fol-lowing provision of H.R. 3354 for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI: Beginning with the semicolon on page 535, line 12, through ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 3907(b)(2).’’ on page 536, line 14. This provision proposes to change ex-isting law by altering the Federal Re-serve’s conduct of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review regime. This constitutes legislation on an ap-propriations bill in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on this point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this provision directly amends existing law. The provision, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the provision is stricken from the bill. Are there any other points of order against the bill? For what purpose does the gentleman from Texas seek recognition? POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I raise a point of order against section 7080 of H.R. 3354 for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. This provision proposes to directly amend existing law by changing the statutory quorum requirement of the Export-Import Bank. This constitutes legislation on an ap-propriations bill in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this section di-rectly amends existing law. The section, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the section is stricken from the bill. For what purpose does the gentle-woman from California seek recogni-tion? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I appeal the ruling of the Chair, and I seek time to debate the ap-peal. The Acting CHAIR. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Committee? The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California for 5 minutes to debate the appeal. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I must say, I am deeply disappointed by the sinister attempt being made here today to strip a crit-ical Republican-led amendment from this appropriations bill that would thwart the will of overwhelming ma-jorities in both Houses and undermine the work of the job-creating Export- Import Bank. As of the end of 2016, as many as 50 major transactions, with an aggregate value of nearly $40 billion, had piled up in the Bank’s approval pipeline. And according to the Ex-Im Bank, if ap-proved, these transactions would sup-port more than 100,000 jobs in the United States. The longer we wait, the greater the risk that these pending transactions will be withdrawn and sourced by our foreign competitors and the greater the likelihood that jobs that would have otherwise supported here in the United States will move offshore. The chairman of the Financial Serv-ices Committee claims that striking this amendment would have ‘‘no budg-etary effect’’ but this is hardly the case. President Trump’s own fiscal year 2018 budget estimates that a fully functional Export-Import Bank would generate $587.7 million in excess funds in the next fiscal year. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman will suspend. The gentlewoman is reminded that debate on the appeal must be confined to the question of whether the Chair’s ruling should be sustained or not and not the substance of the underlying section. The gentlewoman is still recognized but must confine her remarks to the appeal itself. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I would like to continue to appeal the ruling of the Chair. I hardly think it is in order, and I would ask the Chair to rule the request by Chairman H
ENSARLING as not in vio-lation. The Acting CHAIR. The question is again, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Com-mittee? The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes had it. The Acting CHAIR. The decision of the Chair stands as the judgment of the Committee. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115– 295, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 500, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of that resolution. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before ac-tion thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by sec-tion 4 of House Resolution 500, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appro-priations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of fur-ther amendments printed in part B of the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, except as provided by section 4 of House Resolu-tion 500, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective des-ignees may offer up to 20 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
ADERHOLT OF ALABAMA  
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, pur-suant to House Resolution 500, as the designee of Chairman Frelinghuysen, I offer amendments en bloc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00379 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H06SE7.REC H06SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7036 September 6, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 13, 19, and 20 printed in part B of House Report 115–295, offered by Mr. A
DERHOLT of Alabama: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CURBELO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 141, line 23, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000)’’. Page 142, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000)’’. Page 142, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000)’’. Page 147, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  Page 141, line 23, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. Page 142, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. Page 142, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. Page 153, line 10, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $400,000)’’. Page 153, line 10, after the second dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $400,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 144, line 4 after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 153, line 10, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 154, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . BERA OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 146, line 12, after dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(decreased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 167, line 12, after dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 147, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,563,000)’’. Page 166, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,563,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 150, Line 5, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 156, Line 13, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 170, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $479,000)’’. Page 185, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $479,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 198, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,500,000)’’. Page 199, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
IOWA Page 244, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 245, line 6. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—National Insti-tute of Food and Agriculture—Research and Education Activities’’, for the award of teaching, research, and extension capacity building grants at certain colleges and uni-versities, as authorized by section 1417(b)(4) of the National Agricultural Research, Ex-tension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3152(b)(4)), there is hereby appro-priated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Department of Agriculture— Office of the Chief Information Officer’’ is hereby reduced by, $500,000. AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of— (1) section 9(b)(10) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(b)(10)); or (2) section 245.8 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 141, line 23, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $600,000)’’. Page 142, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $600,000)’’. Page 163, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I wanted to note a few concerns with items in the en bloc amendment. I am not opposing it, but I want to lay down some markers. On the amendment by the gentleman from Florida relating to ag research, my major concern about the amend-ment is that the intent is, in effect, to earmark USDA competitive research grants. That really is a no-no. USDA’s Agriculture and Food Research Initia-tive is one of the jewels in our bill. We have built up funding for it over time and have zealously protected it against any efforts by Congress to say what re-search is and is not funded. The agency in charge, the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, has a complex internal process for deciding what areas to focus on, and that is free from political interference. For AFRI to retain its credibility, we must not start micromanaging that process and specifying research areas and amounts, as the amendment does. My other concern is that cutting the Agricultural Marketing Service by $2 million is not a wise choice. In many ways, AMS is the little engine that could. Of critical importance to many Members on both sides of the aisle is its role in overseeing the National Or-ganic Program and the Specialty Crops Program. Similarly, on the gentleman’s NRCS amendment, I want to point out that cutting the National Agricultural Sta-tistics Service, as the amendment would do, is not a good idea. NASS is USDA’s premier statistics agency. Anyone in the agriculture business can tell you that statistics are ex-tremely important to farmers, to ranchers, and industry. NASS produces information on production and prices for virtually every crop grown in the United States, and the major livestock categories, floraculture, organic farm-ing, farm income, land values, and even computer usage on farms; so this is an important agency that needs every penny that we give it. The amendments relating to water-shed and flood prevention operations and specialty crops for Members on my side of the aisle, unfortunately, make reductions to the Offices of General Counsel and the Chief Economist, both very important parts of USDA. Again, I do not oppose the en bloc amendment, but I did want to make these points. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Alabama and the gen-tleman from New Jersey for their help. The coast of Louisiana has experi-enced extraordinary challenges over the last several decades—everything from the management of the Mis-sissippi River system through levees, the BP oil spill, and now, an invasive end sector scale on some of the vegeta-tion in coastal Louisiana. When you add up the cumulative im-pact of all of these things, our State has lost about 2,000 square miles of our coast. That is 2,000 square miles that the Gulf of Mexico has encroached upon; that is 2,000 square miles where our communities are much more vul-nerable now to hurricanes. And we are certainly all sensitive to that with Hurricane Harvey just hitting our State and Texas, and Hurricane Irma currently headed toward the mainland of the United States. An amendment that was agreed to as part of this en bloc package simply transfers $400,000 from an administra-tive account to research through APHIS, to study this invasive scale. And this may sound like some small issue that doesn’t matter, but it is causing significant impact, to the tune of square miles of additional coastal loss in Louisiana that is going to make our communities that much more vul-nerable and cause significant environ-mental impact. So I want to thank the gentleman from Alabama and the gentleman from New Jersey for their assistance and in-cluding our amendment today that is going to ensure that we can research this, that we can find a solution, and that we can be proactive and prevent additional loss and additional assault on the coast of Louisiana. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, let me just inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia has 7
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00380 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.096 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7037 September 6, 2017 
b1845 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, my amend-ment would protect the National School Lunch Act’s current prohibition against discrimination or overt identi-fication of any pupil for their inability to pay for their school lunches, a prac-tice called lunch shaming. Mr. Chair, I know what it is like to be both hungry and ashamed at lunch-time, because I had no lunch money. I couldn’t wait until mock chicken day because that was the day that kids didn’t like it and they would let me eat their unwanted food. I starved at school, and today, as a Member of Congress, I am speaking out against lunch shaming, which should not occur in the United States of America. Certainly lunch shaming should not occur with embarrassing tactics of school administrators, like marking a child with a lunch money stamp or serving them a cold cheese sandwich instead of the nutritious hot meal received by their peers, or, re-markably, denying them food because they have no money. Denying children food is definitely child abuse and neglect, and the school district is doing this while children are in their custody during school hours. I couldn’t do anything about this as a child, but I am proud to be standing here today as a Member of Congress saying that this practice must end. My amendment simply reinforces current law that states: ‘‘There shall be no physical segregation or any other discrimination against any child eligi-ble for a free lunch or reduced-price lunch, nor shall there be any overt identification of any child by special tokens or tickets or any other means.’’ I am just wanting to reinforce what is already on the books. I would urge adoption of this amendment. And if al-lowed, I think that this body should go further and take up H.R. 2401 sponsored by my colleague, Representative M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, which has been the first State to ban the practice of lunch shaming. Please vote for this amendment. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his leadership, and the manager of this appropriations process. I cannot start a discussion of my par-ticular amendment, very briefly—and I thank my colleagues for the amend-ment being included in the en bloc— without again mentioning the devasta-tion in the Gulf Coast region and the need that we have on all aspects of re-covery, and will look forward to an ef-fective investment for the long haul. My amendment contributes to that aspect, and that is that the amendment makes a modest $500,000 increase to the National Institute of Food and Agri-culture’s Research and Education Ac-tivities account. The intent of the amendment is to enable the NIFA to increase funding by $500,000 to 1890 in-stitutions, which are HBCU land grant colleges, to support education, re-search, and scholarship at HBCUs. The amendment is paid for by an off-set of $944,000 in the chief information officer account. The offset is budget neutral and reduces outlays by $1 mil-lion, according to the CBO. This particular amendment supports the work of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture by making a modest increase that will help our land grant colleges. It will help our land grant colleges in the context of them contributing, one, to a better under-standing of food deserts, better under-standing of expanding opportunities for research, economic analysis, extension in higher education, and it also will be supportive of colleges that, in many in-stances, are impacted by natural disas-ters. The HBCUs have been leaders in agricultural research. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Some of the col-leges that I am speaking of will be major contributors in the concept of expanded food access for many of our communities. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gen-tleman for extending the time to me. The amendment is a good amendment and it would benefit rural, suburban, and urban areas by maximizing the po-tential for farming activity in those areas where green space is limited or land is underused. Again, the combina-tion of agricultural fighting against food deserts, which many of my con-stituents are facing now after Hurri-cane Harvey, is an important extended impact that I think will be helpful as we go forward. I thank my colleagues for their sup-port of the Jackson Lee amendment No. 13. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chair, on Au-gust 26, 2015, several Oriental Fruit Flies were found in South Miami-Dade County, Flor-ida. The discovery of this pest was cause for serious concern, as the very destructive Ori-ental Fruit Fly has been known to infest over 430 kinds of fruits and vegetables, including main crops grown in Florida like avocado, mango, tomato, squash, and peppers. Unlike other states, Florida’s farm production pro-vides essential produce during, and imme-diately following, each winter season, and the spread of this pest can have a devastating im-pact on our nation’s food supply. In coordination with state and federal offi-cials, a quarantine was implemented in Octo-ber 2015 to cover 98 square-miles in South Miami-Dade County. Through the dedicated work of officials at USDA and Florida Depart-ment of Agriculture, there have been no new discoveries of flies. The quarantine was lifted in February 2016. While the quarantine was absolutely nec-essary to ensure complete eradication of the Fly, it had a devastating effect on the farmers located in the designated area. We cannot let an outbreak like this happen again. A better understanding of how this pest spreads in our region would help lessen the impact of this threat. The $1.5 million my amendment provides to the USDA’s Agricul-tural Research Service would go towards studying inspection breakdowns at ports of entry, how weather patterns influence the mi-gration of Oriental Fruit Flies, and other fac-tors are essential in discerning effective miti-gation strategies. This is a small, but smart in-vestment to help protect Florida’s $120 billion agriculture industry. I urge all my colleagues to support my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 245, strike line 7 and all that follows through ‘‘Executive Order 13547.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my colleagues: Congressman B
EYER , Congressman L ANGEVIN , Con-gresswoman B
ONAMICI , Congressman K
EATING , Congressman T EDLIEU, and Congressman S
CHNEIDER , who are co-sponsors of this amendment. This amendment would strike the harmful provision that prevents imple-mentation of the National Ocean Pol-icy. The National Ocean Policy has helped guide ocean management for over 7 years. NOP offers an opportunity to develop commonsense tools to man-age the ocean economy. The Regional Ocean Council allows States through-out the Northeast to pool resources, strengthen the voice of businessowners, and facilitate coordination with Fed-eral partners. The National Ocean Policy allows Federal agencies to coordinate imple-mentation of over 100 ocean laws and allows State and local governments to have a say in the ocean planning proc-ess. My home State of Rhode Island, the Ocean State, has benefited greatly from the National Ocean Policy, and I want to take a moment to acknowledge the extraordinary leadership of my col-league, Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , who has championed this effort. As one example, with help from the National Ocean Policy, the Block Is-land Wind Farm was successfully com-pleted and today is powering an esti-mated 17,000 homes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00381 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.098 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7038 September 6, 2017 
The Northeast depends on clean water for fishing, shipping, recreation, and tourism. Estuaries like Narragan-sett Bay, Cape Cod Bay, Buzzards Bay, and Long Island Sound need relevant data on water quality to guide future decisions and management actions. It is a terrible idea to undermine the de-velopment of good ocean policy and ef-forts to protect water quality. The National Ocean Policy does not create any new regulations, supersede existing regulations, or modify any agency’s established mission, jurisdic-tion, or authority. Instead, it helps to coordinate the implementation of cur-rent regulations by Federal agencies to establish a more effective and efficient decisionmaking process. NOP gives life to a vision of steward-ship through the thoughtful implemen-tation of regulations and coordination in protecting our treasured oceans. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to strike this ill-advised provision. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, the exec-utive order on National Ocean Policy is an Obama administration policy. It lacks clear statutory authority. In-stead of streamlining Federal manage-ment, it potentially adds layers of ad-ditional bureaucracy and Federal over-reach. The National Ocean Policy has the potential to harm both terrestrial and marine economic values by affecting sectors such as agriculture, fishing, construction, manufacturing, oil, gas, and renewable energy, among others. This body has taken the position in the past to pause the implementation of the executive order on the National Ocean Policy as this uncertainty con-tinues around the meaning of the pol-icy, how will we implement it, and the unintended consequences. The policy was developed unilater-ally by the prior administration with-out involving or consulting with Con-gress. Additionally, the Natural Resources Committee has expressed concern about the policy, as did a letter signed by over 80 groups supporting the provi-sion in the underlying bill. We are not saying that ocean policy in general does not make sense or is something that we could not support. My home State of Alabama is a coastal State. All I am saying is that I think we need to revisit this policy, take a bottom-up approach by working with stakeholders, and have something work its way through Congress. Working to resolve ocean manage-ment challenges should be nonpartisan and something that this Congress could achieve; therefore, I oppose the amend-ment and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time I have? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Rhode Island has 3 minutes re-maining. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ), my distinguished senior col-league. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, once again we are on the House floor debating ocean plan-ning. The reality is that comprehensive ocean planning works. We have done it in Rhode Island, and we have done it throughout the Northeast region. Ocean planning is a success because it brings everyone to the table. Everyone is part of the dialogue and the con-versation. The process forces cooperation and compromise by, again, opening dia-logue among fishermen, scientists, boaters, and others. There is an impression, by the way, from some of my colleagues that ocean planning is a Federal land grab of the oceans. Well, it is anything but. It is about local control done at the re-gional level—something many of my colleagues across the aisle often like to support. Mr. Chairman, we can’t turn back the clock on our oceans by allowing this rider to remain in the bill. We have come too far. I want to commend the work of the sponsors of this amend-ment. I also want to commend my col-league, Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , across the aisle, who has done so much work to preserve the oceans, including creating the National Endowment for the Oceans Act. Mr. Chairman, in the past we have driven species to the point of exten-sion, destroyed natural habitat, and driven our oceans to the brink. I im-plore my colleagues not to take us back to that era. Please support this amendment and support ocean plan-ning. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I yield 45 seconds to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today as a proud cosponsor of this amendment. This amendment is significant not only to our oceans, but to our Great Lakes. The Great Lakes contain a fifth of the world’s freshwater and are a magnificent natural wonder. They are critical to our economy and the quality of life in my district and in many States. The National Ocean Policy helps pro-tect the integrity of the Great Lakes’ ecosystem. However, this bill would undermine the National Ocean Policy and the ability of agencies to coordi-nate with States, local governments, and other agencies to protect these beautiful waters. If we are to sustain our national, eco-logical, and environmental health, and its natural beauty and precious re-sources, we must protect the National Ocean Policy. That is why I support this amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the distin-guished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. Chair, I find it troubling that Congress, having enacted numerous laws governing the oceans and coasts, and having put 11 departments and 4 different agencies in charge of admin-istering those laws, now seems to pause in the effort to bring consistency to that process. The USDA has an extremely limited role in ocean policy, and it is so little that I often wonder why the majority feels it necessary to stop it. I also wonder why anyone in a rural area would want the USDA’s voice to be excluded from any discussion of pol-icy. Shouldn’t the interests of the farmers and the ranchers who are served by the USDA be taken into con-sideration? Mr. Chair, I support the amendment and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Rhode Island has ex-pired. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). The amendment was agreed to. b1900 The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to revoke an excep-tion made— (1) pursuant to the rule entitled ‘‘Excep-tions to Geographic Areas for Official Agen-cies Under the USGSA’’ published by the De-partment of Agriculture in the Federal Reg-ister on April 18, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 19139); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00382 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.100 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7039 September 6, 2017 
(2) on a date before April 14, 2017. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer this amendment which would prevent the Grain Inspection, Packers & Stock-yards Administration from using any funds to revoke service agreements— also known as exceptions—in place be-fore April 14, 2017. At its core, this amendment, sup-ported by my colleague, Congress-woman C
HERI BUSTOS , is about rein-forcing congressional intent, pre-venting further mismanagement, pro-moting good customer service—correc-tions we must make due to a bureau-cratic failure at GIPSA. Mr. Chairman, in the U.S., grain han-dlers are assigned a USDA-approved in-spection agency based upon the grain handlers’ geographic location. To uti-lize official inspection services, grain handlers must go through their as-signed official inspection agency unless they apply for and receive an exception from GIPSA. Only with an exception may grain handlers receive services from an alternate inspection agency outside of their assigned territory. During the drafting of the 2015 Agri-culture Reauthorizations Act, one of my priorities was to provide for more opportunities for these exceptions to be considered and granted. That legisla-tion passed this Chamber by a voice vote and included a provision which created a new process by which grain handlers could petition GIPSA for an exception. When it was signed into law, I felt the provision accomplished my goal to provide grain handlers with greater op-portunities to utilize exceptions. In July of 2016, GIPSA reaffirmed my initial pleasure with the provision when it released its final rule gov-erning the new exception process stat-ing: ‘‘GIPSA currently has 95 agree-ments for agencies to operate outside of their assigned territories and GIPSA will continue to honor those agree-ments.’’ So imagine my surprise and dis-appointment when, in April of this year, GIPSA contradicted itself and re-leased a directive opening a back door for official grain inspection agencies to revoke those 95 service agreements. As a result of this directive, an offi-cial inspection agency can now unilat-erally request that GIPSA or the USDA revoke a service agreement with nei-ther the grain handler nor the alter-nate inspection agency having a say in the process. This runs contrary to the original in-tent of the legislation, which was to provide grain handlers with greater op-portunities to utilize exceptions, not less. By supporting my amendment today, we can temporarily halt this misinter-pretation. As it stands, GIPSA’s inter-pretation of the law has caused many grain handlers to lose their service agreements—even though these grain handlers have operated under these ex-ceptions for years. This includes my constituent Scott Docherty of Topflight Grain Coopera-tive in Monticello, Illinois. Scott has been using the same grain inspection service for more than 20 years when GIPSA sent him a notice giving him less than 30 days to prepare for a change in service. The issue at stake is a prime example of bureaucratic failure. In our current inspection process, the grain handlers are the customers, yet they are not given a say under the new directive, not granted enough time to plan for the disruption, and they are the last to find out about this drastic change in service. They deserve better, Mr. Chairman. By supporting this amendment, we can reclaim congressional intent, prevent GIPSA from revoking the remaining service agreements in place before April 14 of this year, an outcome Con-gress never intended. GIPSA’s interpretation of the law may be wrong, but I do want to thank the USDA for working with me to en-sure my amendment is not misinter-preted and accomplishes what I have sought to do. And that is, to prevent GIPSA from revoking the remaining service agreements. I look forward to working with them on finding a more permanent solution in future legisla-tion. Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. I agree, it appears that the Grain Inspection, Packers & Stockyards Administration, known as GIPSA, is not currently im-plementing a provision from the 2015 Grain Standards Act Reauthorization. Despite the efforts of my colleagues to try and work with the USDA to cor-rect this interpretation, the agency continues down a path of unravelling a longstanding agreement that has al-lowed a designated official grain in-spector to carry out inspections in an-other geographic area. I hope this amendment sends a clear message to the Department that they are not following congressional intent, and they should reverse course. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his continuous work on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chair-man A
DERHOLT for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing wage re-quirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is the amendment that doesn’t allow Federal funding to support any project that enforces Davis-Bacon rules. Davis-Bacon rules have—actually, it is the last remaining Jim Crow law left on the books in America. It was estab-lished by a couple of Republicans in New York back in about 1932 or 1933, when they realized that of the few con-struction projects that were going on during the Great Depression, there was an Alabama contractor that underbid the local unions in New York to build a Federal building up in New York. That contractor who came out of Alabama brought his labor out of Ala-bama, African Americans out of Ala-bama. So they got together and de-cided, let’s pass a law to have a little trade protectionism between Alabama and New York. We are going to control who is in the union, and we will control the wages, and we will control the ben-efits. I have been in the construction busi-ness, as of last Monday, for 42 years. We have paid Davis-Bacon wage scales most of those years, if not all of those years, and King Construction under-stands what this does. First, it inflates wages, and the infla-tion of wages is dictated by a little board and committee that is supposed to be evaluating what is described as prevailing wage. But it is not pre-vailing wage, it is union scale, and it is a BOGSAT is what it is. BOGSAT, meaning a bunch of guys sitting around a table deciding that they are having trouble competing with the rest of the private sector, so they want to raise the wages of their construction workers so that they can get the pick of the cream of the crop of the con-struction workers to go to work for them rather than their competitor or another industry. That is how this has gone on for all of these years in the private sector, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00383 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.040 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7040 September 6, 2017 
Federal Government deciding what wages and what benefits should be paid. And now we are seeing benefits that are being paid in the fringe benefit category to people who have a health insurance program that is funded by the taxpayers, premiums funded by the taxpayers under ObamaCare. So now, Davis-Bacon is even worse. It pays wages and it pays benefits that are designed to pay for their health in-surance benefits, and they are doubling down on that and on the ObamaCare subsidy of their premiums. And so these wages no longer reflect pre-vailing wage. They haven’t for a long time. They have long, and maybe al-ways, been union scale. The union sits at the table with a few contractors in the BOGSAT, and they make the deal. And I have a private contractor, a merit shop contractor, who has worked with this for 42 years. I have seen the inefficiencies it has created within our company, and competing companies as well. And, yes, we like it when we can pay our labor the highest rates known to man. It makes our employees happy. And if I can look at our competition and we can sit down and say, you know what, we would like to give each of our employees a $5 an hour raise or a $10 an hour raise, and let’s make sure that any other industry can’t compete with the wages we are paying, because, after all, it doesn’t really come out of our pocket as contractors. It comes out of the pockets of the taxpayers, borrowed from the Chinese. That is what is going on, and the wages increase is a 20 percent increase on balance. So, for example, if you want to build five bridges, repeal Davis-Bacon. If you want to build four bridges, stick with the imposed Federal union scale, the legacy of Jim Crow. If you want to build—let’s just say a USDA building, the same formula ap-plies. You can build five buildings; you can build four. You can build four sto-ries, or you can build five, but we need to have competition in this U.S. econ-omy. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, what the Davis-Bacon Act does is pro-tect the government, as well as the workers, in carrying out the policy of paying decent wages on government contracts. The Davis-Bacon Act requires that workers on federally funded construc-tion projects be paid no less than the wages paid in the community for simi-lar work. It requires that every contract for construction of which the Federal Gov-ernment is a party in excess of $2,000 contains a provision defining the min-imum wages paid to various classes of labors and mechanics. The House has taken numerous votes on this issue, and on every vote, this body has voted to maintain Davis- Bacon requirements. In fact, most re-cently, during consideration of the FY18 security omnibus, the House firmly rejected a similar amendment 249–178. I hope that we will defeat the amendment before us today and move on to more substantive matters. I would also note that it is somewhat ironic that this amendment is being of-fered on the agriculture appropriations bill because the Davis-Bacon Act spe-cifically protects rural community workforces. It requires that prevailing wage determinations for rural counties be based solely on local workforce costs. Wage data from urban areas must be excluded. This requirement, I would note, came into force during the Presidency of Ronald Reagan. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ I urge my colleagues to op-pose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ), the chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I rise to support the gentleman’s amendment. Each year, the Federal Government re-quires Davis-Bacon provisions on all sorts of constructions—as has already been mentioned, roads, bridges, dams, buildings, and the taxpayers pay more. You do the math. According to a recent study, Davis-Bacon inflates costs by 22 percent for construction costs. These added expenses come at a time when our Nation is nearly broke. Therefore, I think it is time to put the taxpayers first, and I encourage my fellow Members to support this amend-ment. Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman, and expending the balance of it, I would point out that some of these wages that we are look-ing at here, here are laborers in Indi-ana, a total of $34.63 an hour. Here is an asbestos worker, $46.05 an hour. There are more here in the records, and I don’t think that these are the kind of numbers that the gentleman is talking about. And I constantly hear the script read to us from the other side but never a response. Mr. Chair, I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MRS . HARTZLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out sub-section (p) of section 12 of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1760). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Missouri. b1915 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to return local control to the National School Lunch Program. For far too long, Washington has im-posed burdensome and unnecessary mandates on our local schools. These misguided regulations have created a bureaucratic nightmare and mountains of paperwork for local school lunch ad-ministrators who truly want to spend their time focused on providing healthy meals for our children. My amendment is simple. It stops a federally mandated formula called the Paid Lunch Equity program that re-quires all schools to raise their school lunch prices to an arbitrary level set here in Washington. This amendment does not address the actual nutritional content of lunches, although I believe that is a policy area that should be ad-dressed. This amendment only stops regulations setting local school lunch prices. Local officials know their commu-nities best, and they should ultimately be responsible for setting school lunch prices in their cafeterias. Many schools are forced to raise their school lunch prices each year just to meet the Fed-eral mandate. This pushes families struggling to make ends meet off the school lunch program and leads to more hungry students and higher costs for hardworking families. It is time to get Washington out of the local school lunch pricing business and return more control to our local schools. I ask my colleagues to join me today in supporting this commonsense amendment to return more control to local schools. Again, I ask my col-leagues’ support. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I be-lieve that schools should have more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00384 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.106 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7041 September 6, 2017 
local control in operating their meal programs, including the establishment of the price a family must pay for the meal. School meal prices differ from one community to the next, and they take into account local food and local labor costs and what families are will-ing and able to pay. I think it is always best to let the local schools make those decisions. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the gentlewoman’s amend-ment. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman’s support. In closing, I would urge all my col-leagues to support this commonsense measure to restore local control of our school lunch pricing. This exact lan-guage was passed in the House version of the Child Nutrition Reauthorization Act last year, but that bill has not passed, and we need to address this right now. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this division shall be used by the Food and Drug Administration to finalize, imple-ment or enforce the draft standard memo-randum of understanding made available for public comment on February 19, 2015, enti-tled ‘‘Draft Memorandum of Understanding Addressing Certain Distributions of Com-pounded Human Drug Products Between the State of [insert State] and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 3354, the fiscal year ’18 appropriations bill. My amendment would withhold fund-ing from the Food and Drug Adminis-tration to implement a memorandum of understanding that redefines key terms in the healthcare industry: dis-tribute and dispense. Distributing and dispensing in the healthcare field are commonly under-stood to be unique and distinct activi-ties. Distributing is understood to mean the sale or transfer of a drug without a prescription, like between a wholesaler and a manufacturer. Dis-pensing is commonly understood to mean a medicine going specifically to-ward a patient. The FDA’s attempt to redefine these key terms would be especially detri-mental to compounding pharmacies. Compounding pharmacies are des-perately needed to combine or mix medicines to meet the unique needs of particular patients. In the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the FDA is given limited regulatory authority over how much a compounding pharmacy is allowed to ship across State lines, and more spe-cifically, over how much a pharmacy can distribute across State lines. But since the FDA is now attempting to re-define the word ‘‘dispense,’’ the agency is attempting to gain more control over these pharmacies and is now lim-iting the amount of medicine that can go directly toward patients. With the FDA redefining the word ‘‘dispensing,’’ the agency is now also limiting how much a State can dis-pense across State lines, creating an unnecessary patient access problem, especially for patients served by phar-macies near State lines. This amendment is necessary to con-vey to the FDA that they do not have the authority to go against the intent of Congress and redefine key terms in agency documents that are directly against what Congress laid out in the statute and the commonly understood meaning of the industry itself. The amendment will also enforce the directives in Congress’ last two appro-priations reports that have been ig-nored by the FDA. Mr. Chairman, I want to repeat that. The amendment will also enforce the directives in Congress’ last two appro-priations reports that have been ig-nored by the FDA, as well as language in the new FY18 Appropriations sub-committee report. As the only pharmacist in Congress, I have seen firsthand how important ac-cess to medications are for the people who need them. I have also seen how important compounded medications are for the individuals who rely on uniquely tailored medicines. It would be a tragedy for the FDA to limit these patients’ access to medications because they redefined a term for which they would like to have more control. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment that is crucial for pa-tient access to important medications and stop the FDA from overreaching and going against the intent of Con-gress. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Connecticut is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-ment because it undermines the Drug Quality and Security Act, which we passed here in 2013 to protect patients from contaminated compounded medi-cations, which are drugs that are tai-lored to the specific needs of an indi-vidual patient. By the way, there is bipartisan oppo-sition to the Carter amendment: my-self, Congressman FRED UPTON , Con-gresswoman D
EBBIE DINGELL , and Con-gressman M
IKEBISHOP . This is bipar-tisan opposition. Let me be clear. The intent of the law was not to go after local compounding pharmacies but, rather, the larger compounding pharmacies who act as big drug companies. Tradi-tional pharmaceutical companies that make vast quantities of drugs are held to robust safety standards. If these large compounding pharmacies intend to manufacture large quantities of drugs like a traditional pharma-ceutical company and ship them across State lines, then they should be held to a similar safety standard. This amendment would change the law and put patients at risk. Some peo-ple can potentially die. This is not hy-perbole, given that a meningitis out-break in 2012 was caused by unsafe compounded drugs. That was less than 5 years ago. I am astonished that we would entertain further undermining of the law. The meningitis outbreak asso-ciated with the New England Com-pound Center in 2012 led to 64 deaths and more than 750 illnesses across State lines. There are inherent risks with compounding medications, and particu-larly with compounded medications shipped across State lines. That is why, in fact, we passed the Drug Quality and Security Act. By prohibiting the FDA from implementing this law, this amendment exposes patients to a po-tentially life-threatening catastrophe. Again, as we saw in 2012, this amend-ment also takes away incentives for pharmacies to register as an outsourc-ing facility and gives these facilities no reason to raise their quality and safety standards and to submit to the FDA for inspection. We owe it to the American people to not put their health and their safety at risk. Sixty-four people died. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment, which has gained bipar-tisan support in our full committee. I am very sympathetic to the gentle-man’s concerns, and I trust his judg-ment and his experience as, currently, the only pharmacist that is serving in the House of Representatives. This bill language is similar to the language in our House report. While the underlying bill did not go as far as limiting funds to be spent on the final-ization, implementation, or enforce-ment of the proposed memorandum of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00385 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.110 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7042 September 6, 2017 
understanding between the FDA and the States, our committee report lan-guage is conditional in that the FDA should not finalize the proposed rule if it fails to distinguish between distribu-tion and dispensing a compounded product to a specific patient. Dispensing is not defined in the Drug Quality and Security Act, and the FDA should not unilaterally take it upon themselves to start regulating the practice of pharmacy since this func-tion is regulated by the State Boards of Pharmacy under the laws of the State legislatures. Therefore, I support the intent of this amendment until FDA clarifies its policy, and I recommend the amendment’s approval. Ms. D
ELAURO. How much time do I have remaining, Mr. Chairman? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Connecticut has 2 minutes re-maining. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, while I have great respect for my friend and colleague from Georgia, this misguided amendment would undermine FDA’s work to enforce the critical patient safety protections that were passed in the Drug Quality and Security Act in response to a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that killed 22 people in my home State of Michigan. Passing this amendment could ultimately lead to another crisis like what we saw. This amendment would prohibit the FDA from finalizing a draft memo-randum of understanding that outlines when and in what quantity traditional compounding pharmacies can dis-tribute compounded drugs across State lines. Hamstringing FDA’s ability to ensure that interstate shipments are only made from pharmacies in States that are exercising oversight over that activity could create a gaping loophole and would turn back the clock to the days when bad actors like NECC were free to ship tainted products and mur-der people across the country without oversight. It is completely unacceptable. We should be standing up for the strong patient protections in DQSA rather than turning back the clock. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, it is frus-trating and egregious that this amend-ment is actually necessary, but it is. The FDA has, thus far, blatantly ig-nored congressional direction to re-spect the statutory difference between distributing and dispensing of com-pound medications. As a dentist and healthcare provider for more than 25 years, I can tell you from my professional experience how harmful this overreaching guidance from the FDA would be to patients. As a dentist, I often use specialty com-pounded medications to deliver the customized care my patients deserved. I relied on the expertise of my phar-macist colleagues to ensure that medi-cations were available to patients as appropriate. As a Congressman, I support this amendment to ensure FDA follows con-gressional intent. As a doctor, I sup-port this amendment because it means better care for patients. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Georgia, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment—and that is doctor’s orders. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Chairman, why are we afraid of safety standards? The safety concerns with this amendment are also exacerbated by the fact that many States do not exercise appro-priate oversight over compounding pharmacies. A recent study revealed that nearly half of all States surveyed do not track the number of pharmacies that perform the sterile compounding in their State. They make proactive State oversight impossible. Do we really want to allow these fa-cilities to go unchecked? That is ex-actly what this amendment allows. The FDA is a regulatory agency. It needs the ability to regulate large- scale shipment of compounded drugs across State lines, especially in certain States that have minimal, if any, safe-guards for drugs compounded in phar-macies. I was concerned that this law was weak to begin with, and this amend-ment would further weaken and threat-en the safety of patients. Sixty-four people died, 22 of them in Michigan. We should ensure that any legislation passed by this body is not weakened. The safety of American children and our families and our kids are at stake. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. This is not a road, a bridge, a helicopter, or any-thing else. This is people’s lives. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, the Drug Quality and Security Act was passed in 2013 in response to the multistate fungal men-ingitis outbreak that occurred due to contami-nated compounded drug products from the New England Compounding Center. Drugs from a single facility in one state were shipped nationwide, over 750 patients were affected, and 64 patients died in 20 states across the country. DQSA (D-Q-S-A) helps ensure that if compounders are shipping drugs nationwide, they are doing so from states that exercise meaningful oversight. This is an important pa-tient safety protection in the law. This amendment would weaken FDA’s abil-ity to implement this important patient protec-tion legislation by denying FDA funding to fi-nalize the Memorandum of Understanding Congress mandated FDA develop. Congress must not forget the tragedy that happened just 5 years ago by turning back the clock and remove the protections Congress itself put in place to prevent another outbreak. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amend-ment offered by Rep. C
ARTER . b1930 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for a new hire who has not been verified through the E- Verify program, except for an employee com-pensated under a local compensation plan es-tablished under section 408 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that requires that new hires under this appropriations bill are verified under E-Verify before they can go to work. It ensures that those funds that are made available in this appropriations bill will not be used for new hires unless they use the E-verify program as a re-sponsibility that the Federal Govern-ment requires as a matter of law. Current law requires the Federal Government to use E-Verify to enhance enforcement of Federal immigration law in all hiring. However, it has been brought to my attention that it isn’t consistent across the different depart-ments. We need to ensure that it is. It is in response to those concerns that I offer this amendment to require E- Verify. I will just describe E-Verify. Conditional to the hire, employers who have a prospective employee may go onboard the Federal internet site, which is the E-Verify site, and type in the valid information or perhaps the presented information of the prospec-tive employee that has been offered a job. Should they clear E-Verify, you punch in what I just euphemistically call name, rank, and serial number. It is a short piece of data that includes birth date, name, and often birthplace. Then that goes into the internet site. It comes back to you and lets you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:38 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00386 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.113 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7043 September 6, 2017 
know that you can legally hire the in-dividual that is identified in this data. That is E-Verify. Hopefully, in this Congress, the Fed-eral Government will pass and make E- Verify mandatory for private sector employers. Hopefully, we will do that in this Congress. But the Federal Gov-ernment needs to, Mr. Chairman, ad-dress this, and it needs to do so with our own employees. That is what the King amendment does. It ensures that E-Verify is used by our own employees. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Since Presi-dent Bush ordered Federal agencies to comply with E-Verify back in 2007, this amendment, if it only applies to hiring at Federal agencies, would do abso-lutely nothing. I am not aware of any effort by the Trump administration to undo President Bush’s order, so it is a needless use of the House’s time. I believe the gentleman’s language would also require every one of the local county employees or local folks to be E-Verified. Wouldn’t this add an-other burden on USDA when it has to implement the new farm bill? If so, I would like to ask the gen-tleman what he expects would happen in an emergency, such as we experi-enced from Hurricane Harvey, when USDA may need to bring on employees quickly. They would have to wait for E-Verify clearance. I would also submit that it is not clear whether the language also covers every single person who receives any of the funds in this bill as a grantee. I think it is unclear and would risk re-quiring every single one of the thou-sands of grantees to go through E- Verify. Then you would impose a truly undue burden on many small farmers, ranchers, and businesses that receive grants in this bill. I would strongly op-pose that. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ), chairman of the sub-committee. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment here. I support what the gentleman is doing with this amend-ment. I also appreciate his willingness to make a slight change to the amend-ment in order to maintain support from staff in embassies across the world that help USDA staff open mar-kets to U.S. goods. With that being said, I would like to urge my colleagues to support his amendment. Mr. KING of Iowa. I would add for clarification, Mr. Chairman, that the provision the gentleman referred to is section 408 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, which exempts those employees in foreign countries that surely would not want them uncovered under E- Verify. In response to the gentleman’s objec-tion, I have tried to fool E-Verify by punching data into it. The longest delay I could create was 6 seconds. So as far as undue burden is concerned, a 6-second wait in the most extreme cir-cumstances I don’t think is extreme at all. This is the right thing for the Fed-eral Government to at least exercise the laws that we pass and we want to impose upon the rest of the country and upon ourselves. So it is a clarification amendment, Mr. Chairman. I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
DIAZ-BALART OF FLORIDA  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to section 3 of House Resolu-tion 500, as a designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I rise to offer en bloc No. 2 as part of the consideration of H.R. 3354. The list of the amendments included in the en bloc is at the desk and has been agreed to by both sides. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 23, 24, 27, 30, 31, 34, 35, 40, 41, 42, 43, 45, 47, and 60 printed in part B of House Report 115–295, offered by Mr. D
IAZ-BALART of Florida: 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 1141, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. Page 1141, line 18, after the second dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. Page 1141, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 1141, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. Page 1142, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,600,000)’’. Page 1142, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 1143, line 6, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . HANABUSA  
OF HAWAII  Page 1141, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. Page 1141, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 1142, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. Page 1196, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 1162, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MRS . LOWEY OF  
NEW YORK  On page 1184, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (in-creased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 1184, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000,000) (increased by $500,000,000)’’. AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 1190, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 1190, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $659,641,149) (increased by $659,641,149)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
OF NEW YORK  Page 1228, line 21, after dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 1261, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MS . TENNEY OF  
NEW YORK  Page 1232, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 1240, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 1240, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER OF  
NEW YORK  Page 1239, line 11, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $19,000,000)’’. Page 1261, line 4, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $19,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . KNIGHT OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 1240, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. Page 1240, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. Page 1261, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 1243, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 1243, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 1255, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 1249, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 1257, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $2,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 1156, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ) and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) each will control 10 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ). Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer two amendments in this en bloc package to this appropriations bill. These two amendments will fi-nally provide the authorized funding levels of $12 million for the regional in-frastructure accelerator demonstration program, section 1441 of the FAST Act; and $10 million for the transit-oriented development pilot program, section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00387 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.115 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7044 September 6, 2017 
1036 of the FAST Act. This funding will finally allow these two important pro-grams to move forward, improving in-frastructure projects and transpor-tation options in my district in the In-land Empire and throughout our coun-try. I appreciate the chairman’s and the ranking member’s support. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment that would appropriate additional re-sources to CDBG funds, or the Commu-nity Development Block Grant pro-gram. Back home in California’s 25th District, CDBG funds are awarded to numerous nonprofit organizations that do significant and far-reaching work for our constituents. These resources reach citizens of the city of Santa Clarita through programs like Bridge to Home, domestic violence victim support centers, home rehabili-tation services, and summer youth de-velopment programs. In the Antelope Valley, CDBG funds address community needs through grants for street maintenance in low- income neighborhoods, emergency shelter for low-income people, and fi-nancing for the construction of Palmdale’s senior center. Mr. Chairman, it goes without saying that my constituents dramatically benefit from CDBG funds, and I am sure many of my colleagues here can attest to the same. That is why I was alarmed to see that the President’s budget request completely defunded this program. I am thankful to Chair-man D
IAZ-BALART and his staff for un-derstanding the importance of this pro-gram and supporting it in the under-lying bill. My amendment returns the total pro-gram funding to a level that is con-sistent with the FY 2017 enacted level, which will provide the funding sta-bility our communities need to ensure these programs can continue to oper-ate. I urge my colleagues to support this. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, last year, Congress passed an updated formula for the Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (the HOPWA program). The change was nec-essary to ensure the program better reflected how the HIV/AIDS epidemic is changing in this country. However, at the current HOPWA funding levels, the new formula leaves several jurisdictions, including New York City and Miami, at risk of losing funding for this impor-tant program. In a program as efficient as HOPWA, when grantees lose funding, people living with AIDS lose their housing. Research clearly dem-onstrates that housing instability leads to worse health outcomes for those living with HIV/AIDS, and these potential cuts could have a devastating impact on these patients and their families. The new formula will only be ef-fective in addressing the AIDS housing crisis if we maintain adequate funding levels. My amendment increases funding for HOPWA by $19 million, ensuring that, under the new formula, no jurisdiction loses funding in Fiscal Year 2018. The amendment is fully offset through the HUD Information Tech-nology Fund. I thank Chairman DIAZ-BALART and Ranking Member P
RICE for their long-standing support of HOPWA and for accepting this important amendment to protect people living with AIDS and their families. I look forward to continuing our work on HOPWA in the future. I also speak for all New Yorkers in lending our sup-port to Chairman D
IAZ-BALART and his district in the face of Hurricane Irma, just as they stood with us during Superstorm Sandy. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- B
ALART ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1141, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. Page 1180, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment that will provide the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration with $9 million in order to facilitate their critical work on self-driving cars. Earlier today, the House passed the SELF DRIVE Act, which expanded NHTSA’s authorities in this area. This amendment I am offering supplies the initial financial resources needed to carry out the directives of that bill. This includes validating the safety of self-driving cars; defining new testing protocols as the technology advances; and partnering with industry, along with State and local governments, to conduct oversight of these new vehi-cles. NHTSA will play a key role in fos-tering adoption of this technology that promises so much: expanded mobility, much safer roads, decreased energy usage and emissions, and less conges-tion. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. LIPINSKI. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. If the gentleman would be all right with that, I would be willing to agree to his amendment. As long as we can move the process quick-ly, I would agree to the amendment. Mr. LIPINSKI. I thank the chairman for supporting it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1141, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,889,900)’’. Page 1141, line 18, after the second dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $275,800)’’. Page 1141, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $104,000)’’. Page 1141, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,077,200)’’. Page 1141, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,003,300)’’. Page 1141, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,401,900)’’. Page 1142, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $254,600)’’. Page 1142, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,425,500)’’. Page 1142, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $214,200)’’. Page 1142, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $176,000)’’. Page 1142, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,108,900)’’. Page 1142, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,848,500)’’. Page 1189, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $11,079,469)’’. Page 1211, line 12, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,470,800)’’. Page 1211, line 19, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $51,830,300)’’. Page 1211, line 19, after the second dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,076,200)’’. Page 1211, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,034,000)’’. Page 1211, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,200,600)’’. Page 1211, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,587,300)’’. Page 1211, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,824,500)’’. Page 1212, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,958,800)’’. Page 1212, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,906,500)’’. Page 1212, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $357,000)’’. Page 1212, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $497,500)’’. Page 1212, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,387,900)’’. Page 1213, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $21,663,300)’’. Page 1213, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,755,400)’’. Page 1213, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $39,200,000)’’. Page 1213, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,406,500)’’. Page 1213, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,980,800)’’. Page 1213, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $760,000)’’. Page 1304, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $157,036,469)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:38 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00388 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.117 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7045 September 6, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. b1945 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Our Nation faces a dire fiscal situa-tion. We have now reached our debt ceiling once again. The path we are on is not sustainable. It jeopardizes our future, our children’s future, and our national security. We must get our fis-cal house in order and take this prob-lem seriously. Paying lip service to the problem will not solve it. We must be respon-sible now before it is far too late. The reality is that we can make cuts to our government without impacting essen-tial programs. In fact, the right cuts will grow our economy by stopping overeager bureaucrats who often seem dedicated to Federal mandates and massive regulations. We, in Congress, should be focused on growing and protecting Main Street, not an already bloated Federal Govern-ment. The amendment I propose today makes the cuts to the bureaucracy, the administrative costs within the De-partment of Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies. The cuts focus on administrative ex-penses and salaries within these two departments. This modest 10 percent administrative cut saves taxpayers $222 million and, admittedly, is but a small step. I come from the world of private business, so I understand that fiscal re-sponsibility requires ongoing and con-sistent small steps. My amendment, when combined with other similar amendments, will yield big savings for taxpayers and will do so without cut-ting projects or essential programs. I urge my colleagues to seriously consider my amendment as we work to secure our fiscal future. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, let me thank the gentleman for bringing up this amendment. He has worked aw-fully hard, and I am a huge admirer of his. Here is the problem: in the com-mittee, we have actually gone line by line to identify cuts in salaries and ex-penses at HUD and DOT, and as a re-sult, most administrative accounts are at or below the 2017 levels. By the way, that is one of the ways that we achieved $1.1 billion in savings, again, below the 2017 budget. When you do it across the board, it could affect safety programs, it could actually have unintended con-sequences. So while I am grateful for the chairman’s hard work, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote at this time, and I look forward to continuing to work with the gentleman to make sure that his con-cerns are addressed in this bill and in future bills. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I re-spect the work of the committee, cer-tainly the chairman. As I said earlier, I come from the pri-vate sector where, frankly, a 10 percent cut in administration is not uncom-mon. I worked at Chrysler Corporation back in the original loan guarantee days where Lee Iacocca said: ‘‘If you can’t cut 10 percent of your budget, I will just find a new manager.’’ We have made cuts. We made more substantial cuts than many other agen-cies. As noted earlier, we made signifi-cant cuts in, for example, the EPA, back to levels of 2005, 2006. I believe we can make these cuts and still maintain the safety and security of this Nation, maintain operations and programs, and while we may disagree, I will certainly work with the chairman and the com-mittee to continue to work on getting our fiscal house in order. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise to join the chairman in opposition. The amendment would decimate the salaries and expense accounts at the Department of Transportation, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies. There are broad consequences for this, but I want to focus on one consequence: cyberse-curity. The inspectors general of both de-partments have indicated that both agencies have a lot of work to do in ad-dressing cyber threats. The CIOs at DOT and HUD have been working to address these challenges. They have had issues in hiring and staffing cyber-security professionals in what is a very competitive labor market. The bill would make these challenges even more difficult by reducing the sal-aries and expenses of the CIO offices by 10 percent. We owe it to our constituents to have a safe and secure transportation sys-tem and to safeguard personally identi-fiable information. This amendment would make it harder for these depart-ments to do this, and I urge its defeat. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . 
MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1147, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $150,000,000)’’. Page 1304, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $150,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, this amendment eliminates the $150 million of discretionary spending wast-ed on one of the least essential pro-grams in the entire United States Gov-ernment, the so-called Essential Air Service. That is the program that sub-sidizes empty and near-empty planes to fly from small airports to regional hubs that are usually just a few hours away or less by car. This was supposed to be a temporary program to allow local communities and airports to readjust to airline de-regulation back in 1978. Last year, the Essential Air Service cost a total of nearly $300 million be-tween direct taxpayer subsidies and fees to fly near-empty planes to underused airports. $150 million of that is in our control, and this amendment zeros it out and puts it toward deficit reduction. We are often told that we now have a $200 per person cap on the subsidies, as if that wasn’t bad enough, but that is only for flights under 210 miles. It con-tinues unlimited subsidies over that distance, and actual subsidies per pas-senger can be over $1,000 per seat. Year after year we are promised re-form, and year after year the cost goes up. By the way, Essential Air Service flights are flown out of Merced and Visalia airports that serve my district in the Sierra Nevada. A tiny number of people actually use them, and the al-ternative is hardly catastrophic. Visalia and Merced are less than an hour’s drive from Fresno air terminal. But I can assure you that every person in my district who hears about this waste of their money is outraged by it. Rural life has great advantages and great disadvantages, and it is not the job of taxpayers who choose to live elsewhere to level out the differences. Apologists for this wasteful spending tell us it is an important economic driver for these small airports, and I am sure that is so. Whenever you give away money, the folks you are giving it to are always better off, but the folks you are taking it from are always worse off to exactly the same extent. Indeed, it is economic drivers like this that have Europe’s economy right off a cliff. Four years ago, one Member rushed to the microphone to suggest this was essential for emergency medical evacu-ations. Well, it has nothing to do with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00389 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.121 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7046 September 6, 2017 
that. This program subsidizes regular scheduled commercial service that practically nobody uses. If it actually had a passenger base, we wouldn’t need, in effect, to hand out wads of $100 bills to the few passengers who use it, would we? An airline that so recklessly used its funds would quickly bankrupt itself. The same principle holds true for gov-ernments. The Washington Post is not known as a bastion of fiscal conservatism, but I cannot improve upon an editorial a few years ago when it said: ‘‘Ideally, EAS would be zeroed out, and the $200 mil-lion we waste on it devoted to a truly national purpose: perhaps deficit re-duction, military readiness, or the so-cial safety net. Alas, if Congress and the White House were capable of mak-ing such choices, we probably never would have had sequestration in the first place.’’ There are many tough calls in set-ting fiscal priorities, but this isn’t one of them. If the House of Representa-tives—where all appropriations begin, with a Republican majority pledged to stop wasting money—can’t even agree to cut this useless program off from the trough, how does it expect to be taken seriously on the much tougher choices that lie ahead? Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The gentleman from Florida is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. This Essential Air Service program ensures that small and rural communities have access to the na-tional air transportation system. The program is vital to small businesses and farming communities and rural communities and rural entrepreneurs. So the amendment would cut off air service to many rural communities and would put economies of many of our small towns potentially at risk. I thank the gentleman for his passion, but I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman is correct. It would cut off air service to communities that are usually just an hour or so drive from a major regional airport where they can obtain air service. This is the kindest cut of all. Eliminating a temporary program established 39 years ago has become a poster child for wasteful Fed-eral spending. Now, our national debt has nearly doubled in 8 years. American taxpayers will pay $269 billion this year just in interest costs on that debt. If you are an average family paying average taxes, it means that $2,200 of your taxes this year will accomplish nothing more than renting the money we have already spent. Continuing to pay for this obsolete and wasteful program with money we don’t have is simply obscene. It makes a mockery of any claim that we cut spending to the bone, and I would ask for adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. MCCLIN-
TOCK ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1150, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. Page 1151, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. Page 1242, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is quite simple. It would add $100 million to the HOME Invest-ment Partnerships Program, which is a really important initiative that sup-ports homeownership, supports housing opportunities for people living in America’s communities. It literally puts a roof over the head of many Americans. Thirty-five percent of low- income renters right now are unable to find affordable housing. This is not a time to cut this essential program. Since 2004, Congress has cut this pro-gram in half, cutting over $1 billion. We really need to focus more of our at-tention in how we create more stable communities, more stable neighbor-hoods, and housing is essential to that, and the HOME program is essential to housing. Too many communities, too many cities and towns are struggling to hold themselves together. This is one really tangible way that the Federal Govern-ment can help those communities. I have spoken to the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and I know he supports the HOME program. He has agreed to work with me to en-sure that the final bill has robust fund-ing for the HOME program, so I greatly appreciate the opportunity to work with him. Mr. Chairman, I yield to Mr. DIAZ- B
ALART for any remarks that he might have. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for bring-ing this up. This is something that I have got to give a lot of credit to the ranking member as well. This is a pro-gram that we are very familiar with. I look forward to working with the Mem-ber from Michigan on a program that I think a lot of us support, clearly I sup-port, and the ranking member sup-ports. I want to thank him for bringing it up. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I will close. I know the chairman and the ranking member support this. I urge all of my colleagues, when this eventu-ally comes back before us, to support robust funding. Mr. Chairman, I will withdraw my amendment and count on the fact that we will work together to make sure that this program is fully supported. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time and withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . WOODALL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1163, beginning line 23, strike ‘‘such’’ and all that follows through ‘‘That’’ on line 8 of page 1164. Page 1164, beginning line 16, strike the colon and all that follows before the period at the end of line 24. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment to provide the max-imum flexibility to States that are being asked, under this bill, to rescind $800 million in an obligated budget au-thority. As you know, Mr. Chairman, we put money in a lot of different pots and send it out to a lot of different places to do a whole lot of good for a whole lot of people, but when you have a bill that is going to ask the States to pull back some of that money, historically, we have limited the ability of States to make those decisions. b2000 With all due respect to anyone’s hometown team, I will tell you no one knows more about how to take care of the safety of the citizens of Georgia than do the citizens of Georgia and our local elected officials. What this amendment would do is allow our local Departments of Trans-portation, our State Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00390 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.124 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7047 September 6, 2017 
Transportation, maximum flexibility in meeting this Federal mandate to re-scind those $800 million worth of unob-ligated funds. I ask my colleagues for their support in providing that maximum flexibility, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I commend the gentleman for offering the amendment. I am com-pelled to oppose it, in part, because our authorizers have expressed reserva-tions, at least on our side, about this amendment. No one disagrees with giving the States flexibility, but we and the au-thorizers, in particular, have some questions about how the gentleman’s amendment would go about providing that flexibility. The set-asides in the bill reflect the agreement in the FAST Act. Therefore, before legislating on this, we need to be clear about how this would work and whether it does, in fact, violate the premises of the FAST Act and other questions raised by our colleagues. I suggest a ‘‘no’’ vote. I also suggest that we could return to this and deal with it later once some of these ques-tions might be cleared up. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am one of those authorizers. I sit on the Transportation Committee, so I will make myself available to anyone who has questions about the intent of the Transportation Committee on that measure. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ). Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for bringing this up. This is something he has done a lot of work on and he knows this issue very, very well. I think this is a well- done amendment. I welcome the amendment, and I wholeheartedly sup-port it. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for those comments. Again, I want to provide maximum flexibility to what is a very difficult job, and that is reclaiming those obli-gated funds from each one of our dis-tricts back home. The question is: Will we trust our local officials to make the best decisions or will we structure how those decisions are made here? I trust our local engineers, our local builders, and our local folks in charge of our public safety. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 29 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . BUDD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1184, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $474,054,999)’’. Page 1190, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1)’’. Page 1190, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $400,000,000)’’. Page 1190, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to oppose a $900 million earmark to the Gateway Project, an upgrade of an Amtrak rail bridge and tunnel between Newark and New York City. This earmark is a downpayment. The project is supposed to be $29.5 billion. My amendment would do two things: It would cut spending by $474 million, and it would take $400 million and add it to national transit funding. Mr. Chairman, New Jersey canceled a project doing the same thing in 2010. That was when it cost $8.7 billion. Now the Federal version costs $13 billion. This is what the Governor’s office said, defending the decision, in reference to comments made by Senator Frank Lautenberg: ‘‘ . . . perhaps he can explain why he is insisting New Jersey tax and toll payers fund 70 percent of a project, while billions in Federal funding pour out of Washington for high-speed rail lines in other States like Florida, which will pay only 20 percent of project costs.’’ Here we are, Mr. Chairman. Billions are about to pour out of Washington. If this earmark stands, then we send a clear message to the States: Short-change your infrastructure, and Wash-ington will bail you out. Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, let’s first get one thing straight: This is a cut in infrastructure investment, authorized by the FAST Act, which was passed by this body by a vote of 359–65. It is an authorized program in the FAST Act. This is not, by any stretch of the imagination, an ear-mark. This amendment proposes a cut of $474 million from the Federal Railroad Administration State of Good Repair program. This program was created to address the state of good repair back-log in our intercity rail transportation system. That backlog, by itself, is esti-mated to be at a whopping $38 billion. This program replaces or, frankly, re-habilitates any publicly owned or Am-trak-owned infrastructure and will en-sure intercity rail service is safe, reli-able, and ready to support economic and population growth. It is not, by any stretch of the imagination, an ear-mark. It is an authorized program. Now, let me address the funding shift. Again, I respect the gentleman, but I respectfully oppose what the gen-tleman is proposing. We have already allocated significant resources to the new search program, which I support, consistent, again, with the President’s request. We have chosen to allocate funding for other projects, consistent with the wills of Congress of this House with the FAST Act that benefit both commuter and passenger rail and make significant re-turns on investment for our country, particularly, by the way, for our econ-omy. So we are funding transit infrastruc-ture to get our economy moving, lit-erally. And, as a nation, we have to ad-dress our critical infrastructure assets, which is why this was authorized by Congress in the FAST Act—I repeat. This amendment would undermine that effort, so I would respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the gentleman’s amend-ment. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. I join him in opposing this amendment. It would reduce the total amount of spending on new infrastruc-ture projects by $474 million. The main criticism of this bill, as the chairman has said, is that we ought to be doing more investment in infra-structure, not less. This amendment would make the bill’s shortcomings even worse. The Federal-State partnership for State of Good Repair program can be used for grants along the Northeast Corridor, the Chicago to Detroit Cor-ridor, and publicly owned rail infra-structure throughout the Nation. These corridors include many of the Nation’s passenger rail bottlenecks. This amendment would take away dedicated funds to improve passenger rail service throughout our country. It is a distraction from the infrastructure challenges we face. We should be find-ing ways to invest in infrastructure: worthy new projects, expand mobility and opportunity. This amendment moves in the opposite direction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00391 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.129 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7048 September 6, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, I urge its defeat. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, a couple of things. I look at this, and this still al-lows funding of existing projects and infrastructure, but it also reduces the deficit, too. And I want to quote the Eno Center for Transportation here: ‘‘It is obvious from the beginning of the timeline that the new Hudson River tunnel project was conceived as a way around Gov-ernor Christie’s cancellation of the ARC tunnel project. Instead of having Jersey Transit as the sponsor like ARC, the new tunnel would be under the aegis of Amtrak.’’ Mr. Chairman, this isn’t about Am-trak funding. This is about funding for a single project in New Jersey that the State, itself, wouldn’t fund in 2010. Am-trak funding for the Northeast Cor-ridor account remains untouched under my amendment. We are talking about Amtrak fund-ing for a single project. As the chair-man, himself, has said, a significant proportion of the $328 million in the Northeast Corridor account will go to Amtrak. This is 300 times the size of an aver-age earmark, when we had earmarks. We have an earmark ban in place right now. There is debate over this, but it is not fair with the ban in place that chairmen get huge earmarks and the rest of us, essentially, are banned. There should be one rule that applies to everyone, and right now the ear-mark ban is what applies. One-sixth of the non-aviation DOT money in this bill is going to Gateway. In what universe is that reasonable? Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman D
IAZ-BALART for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, this is not an ear-mark. The Northeast Corridor region is an economic powerhouse. It generates $3 trillion in annual economic output and is home to 20 percent of the Na-tion’s gross domestic product, more than 51 million people, and 4 of the 10 largest metropolitan areas in the United States. It is a moneymaker for Amtrak and the Federal Government, serving more than 750,000 people every day on 2,000 intercity and commuter trains. Travel up and down this corridor of passengers and freight is critical to the economy of the entire country. If one of these tunnels were to fail, the nega-tive economic and transportation im-plications would ripple to other States such as Kentucky, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, North Carolina, Vermont, Virginia, and West Virginia. According to the Northeast Corridor Commission, underinvestment in the Northeast Corridor already costs the economy $500 million annually, $30 mil-lion more than the savings from the amendment. The Gateway Project is a national priority. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman FRELING -
HUYSEN , pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 500, I move to strike the last word for the purpose of debate. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which would eliminate funding for the Gate-way Project. The Gateway Project, which includes work on the Portal Bridge and con-struction of a new rail tunnel under the Hudson River, is widely recognized as one of the highest priority transpor-tation projects in the country. We should have built new tunnels and expanded capacity on the Northeast Corridor long ago, but the damage to the existing tunnels caused by Superstorm Sandy has brought a new urgency to the situation. If those tun-nels were to go down, as they certainly will in the next 10 years without the Gateway Project, there would be no rail service between New York and New Jersey, massively disrupting transpor-tation all along the Northeast Corridor from Washington to Boston. Twenty percent of the economy of the country would be disrupted. This amendment cuts funding for Gateway and eliminates almost $500 million from the bill completely, send-ing it to the spending reduction ac-count. It does not direct that funding to other infrastructure projects. It does not restore TIGER funding. It reduces national infrastructure spending when we should be increasing it. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject this extremely shortsighted and punitive measure. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, the Gateway program will create the new infrastructure es-sential to greater resiliency against fu-ture potential storms and disasters, while enabling repairs to damage and achieve capacity and reliability-related investments for the needs of the North-east Corridor’s operators for the next 30 to 50 years. Without extensive repairs and re-building of the existing tunnel, service reliability is likely to continue to dete-riorate due to ongoing damage from saltwater incursion during Superstorm Sandy, from which we are still suf-fering 5 years later, eventually forcing a shutdown of one or both tubes of the Hudson River Tunnel. Mr. LANCE pointed out and Mr. N AD-
LERpointed out the Northeast Corridor is not just the Northeast. It services the entire Nation. It serves a massive economic purpose. It is essential we stand behind this. This is absolutely essential infrastruc-ture spending. I support Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , and I support the ranking member and the chairman of the subcommittee for their work. Again, it is truly a bipartisan effort and something that is absolutely essen-tial. Mr. Chairman, I urge defeat of the amendment. b2015 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the chairman yielding. I rise in strong opposition to the gentleman’s amendment and would associate myself with the chairman’s remarks. The gentleman indicated that there is deficit reduction involved in his amendment. I would emphasize to all of my colleagues in this Chamber that this account for fiscal year 2018 is al-ready reduced by hundreds of millions of dollars. How much more are you going to cut? I happen to live in Gary, Indiana. I don’t live in New Jersey. I don’t live in New York. What I appreciate is that the chairman, the ranking member, the members of the subcommittee put to-gether a national investment bill. This is an investment in our Nation, one of the largest Metropolitan regions and economic engine. If we fail to make these types of investments, we are making a fundamental mistake, par-ticularly given the fact that during the last campaign, we heard a lot about in-vesting in infrastructure, and the gen-tleman is here tonight wanting to fur-ther reduce that particular investment. This is an important account to every American citizen. I support the committee’s position, and I am opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Chair, I rise in oppo-sition to the proposed amendment. To coin it an earmark is unfortunate. The amendment would strike the language passed out of the Appropriations Com-mittee that supports transportation projects of national significance. The committee voted to appropriate $900 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00392 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.131 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7049 September 6, 2017 
million to rail programs already au-thorized by Congress in the FAST Act. For the last 8 weeks, millions of com-muters in the New York metropolitan area suffered through a summer of hell after Amtrak announced emergency track work at Penn Station, the busi-est in North America, because of three derailments in the span of a few weeks. This was just an inkling of the turmoil that would be wrought if the Federal Government does not live up to its promise to fund much-needed repairs on the Northeast corridor. I must emphasize, moneys approved by the Appropriations Committee are for programs already authorized by the FAST Act, which was passed with over-whelming bipartisan support. I urge all of my colleagues to vote against the Budd amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, this is a lot of money, as I mentioned earlier. The State of Good Repair account is funding at 18 times last year’s appro-priated level. Let me say that again: 18 times last year’s level and the budget request. I will close with one more quote from Governor Christie regarding the deci-sion to cancel the original version of this project. He said: ‘‘I don’t want to hear about the jobs it will create. If I don’t have money for the payroll, it will not create the jobs. This is not a difficult decision for me.’’ The Federal Government doesn’t have the money for the payroll either, Mr. Chairman. We are $20 trillion in debt. Heritage Action for America, Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, Na-tional Taxpayers Union, and Citizens Against Government Waste are scoring ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding, and I yield back. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, again, I think we know this issue. I strongly oppose the amendment, and I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 1187, strike lines 3 through 15. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, America suffered four consecu-tive trillion-dollar-per-year deficits during the Obama and Bush adminis-trations. The election of a Republican House in 2010 brought progress. The trillion-dollar-per-year deficits were cut to a low of $439 billion in fiscal year 2015. A $439 billion deficit is still horrible, but it is a whole lot better than a trillion-dollar deficit. Unfortunately, America’s solvency has deteriorated since 2015. In fiscal year 2016, America’s deficit exploded to $587 billion, $148 billion worse than the previous year. In fiscal year 2017, this fiscal year, the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office projects the def-icit will again explode to $693 billion, $145 billion worse this year than last year, and that is before the bill comes due for the Hurricane Harvey destruc-tion in Louisiana and Texas. Congress will soon raise America’s debt ceiling as a result, and within days thereafter, America’s debt will blow through the $20 trillion mark. As a result of America’s $20 trillion debt, we pay over $250 billion per year in debt service. How much is $250 bil-lion? It is roughly five times what we spend on transportation for things like highways, bridges, and interstates each year. That debt service money is gone, no longer able to provide services to Americans; rather, it is spent to make amends for past government excesses and irresponsible spending. Worse yet, the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office projects that America’s debt service costs will in-crease by another $600 billion within a decade to more than $800 billion per year. The question is then asked: Where is that money going to come from? What is going to be cut? Will it be Social Security, will it be Medicare, Medicaid, national defense? What? The CBO, America’s Comptroller General Gene Dodaro, and the Govern-ment Accountability Office have all warned Congress and the President in writing that America’s deficits and debt past are: ‘‘Unsustainable.’’ To be clear, in the accounting field, the word ‘‘unsustainable’’ is bad, really bad. It is the equivalent of a bank-ruptcy warning. It is a warning that America is headed to a debilitating in-solvency and bankruptcy if we don’t do better. In sum, Washington’s financial irre-sponsibility is a betrayal of the Amer-ican people, it is pushing America into a debilitating bankruptcy and insol-vency that will destroy the American Dream for our children and grand-children. It is in this setting that I have be-seeched the House of Representatives to be financially responsible. Please support my amendment that elimi-nates Federal Government operating subsidies of Amtrak, thus forcing Am-trak passengers to pay their actual costs of riding on Amtrak trains. Stated differently, what policy jus-tification is there for forcing Ameri-cans who don’t use Amtrak to subsidize the travel of Americans who do use Amtrak? I know of none. How bad is the Amtrak subsidy prob-lem? The Congressional Research Serv-ice reports that, from 1971 to 2015, Fed-eral Amtrak subsidies totaled $78 bil-lion in constant 2015 dollars. In fiscal year 2014, Amtrak had a net loss of $1.1 billion. Who will pay for that loss? America’s children and grandchildren, that is who, because that is money we don’t have, have to borrow to get, and cannot afford to pay back. Instead of allowing Amtrak to con-tinue to run up debts and add to our national debt, we should force Amtrak to be self-sufficient, we should force Amtrak passengers to pay their own travel costs, and we must cut Amtrak from the government dole. We don’t give these kind of subsidies to people who ride on airplanes, and we don’t give these kind of subsidies in a lot of other means of transportation. Mr. Chair, I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Be financially responsible. Make Amtrak pay its own way. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, this amendment would shut down, as we have heard, all 15 of Amtrak’s long-dis-tance routes and all 28 State-supported routes. Now, let me tell you, the gentleman from Alabama is absolutely very con-sistent, he is sincere about trying to reduce the Federal deficit, and I com-mend him for that. Now, here is the problem. This amendment results not in savings but in increased costs of $423 million. I want to repeat that. This amendment would have the effect of increasing costs by $423 million. It would stop all revenues associated with the national network immediately, but costs would continue to accrue for years, and in ad-dition, some costs that were paid for from the national network account would now simply be shifted to the Northeast corridor account. So, for instance, assets that are shared by both long distance and Northeast corridor, like stations or tracks, are funded under each account proportionally. These costs that were formerly paid by the national network would still need to be paid. So, again, this amendment actually costs more money. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00393 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.133 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7050 September 6, 2017 
I know that, obviously, is not the in-tent, because I know the gentleman from Alabama, and I can say that, is absolutely sincere. This is something that we have to re-alize. This bill is not just arbitrary de-cisions. We held hearings, and we care-fully scrubbed each account to make sure that the reductions that we made were responsible and that they were ac-tually going to result in reductions. So, again, this is not the right way to do it. This would actually increase costs. It is not prudent to eliminate an entire transportation option. By the way, furthermore in this case, as I mentioned before, it would actu-ally cost even more so to do so. So I would respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, only in the Halls of Congress does a $1.1 billion cut in subsidies for a mode of transportation allegedly result in higher costs to taxpayers. I would submit that there is zero evi-dence that Amtrak passengers cannot absorb higher fares to pay their own way. Mr. Chair, we are talking about $1.1 billion out of a $700 billion deficit for this fiscal year. We have to be respon-sible, we have to protect the future of our children and our grandchildren, and I urge the adoption of my amend-ment to do just that. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he would con-sume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman for yielding and join him in opposing this amendment. Amtrak serves more than 500 destina-tions in 46 States. It is a more and more critical component of our trans-portation system in North Carolina and many States like it across the country. It connects small commu-nities that otherwise wouldn’t have ac-cess to air service or other first-rate transportation. In the past 11 years, Amtrak has had ten consecutive years of record rider-ship, serving over 32 million passengers last year. So this is an irresponsible amendment. It would eliminate thou-sands of jobs for Amtrak workers, and it would hurt the local economies that benefit from Amtrak routes. Eliminating this national network service would also harm State-sup-ported routes, and we in North Caro-lina and other States take notice when that is charged, and it is an accurate charge. They feed into these long-dis-tance routes. It costs the government billions of dollars due to the violation of labor agreements. So it would be a very costly amendment. There is no doubt about it. Support for a robust national rail system has been reaffirmed by mem-bers of both parties, and we can reaf-firm it here tonight by voting against this amendment. b2030 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1190, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $48,000,000)’’. Page 1190, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $48,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, my amend-ment would increase funding for the Small Starts program by $48 million. This is the amount that SunRail, a constituent passenger train system in my district, would need to begin phase 3 of construction. Phase 3 would con-nect the commuter rail system to the Orlando International Airport. Currently, the Orlando Intermodal Terminal is under construction at the airport that would connect two trans-portation systems, both Brightline and SunRail, which were only really di-vided by a few miles, and Federal fund-ing will eventually be key to connect this intermodal system and SunRail. Central Florida needs to be more mo-bile, and I urge in the future that we look as we go forward with phase 3, and stand ready to help. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1201, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I am offering an amendment to ensure we are taking the appropriate steps to im-prove pipeline safety to mitigate some of the devastating impacts of oil spills throughout our Nation. This is a par-ticularly important issue for my con-stituents on the central coast where we have seen the damage oil spills wreak on our communities and local econo-mies. During the 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill, over 100,000 barrels of crude oil spilled into the Santa Barbara Chan-nel. This was the largest oil spill in California’s history that significantly harmed Santa Barbara’s unique marine ecosystems and wildlife, recreational interests, and commercial fishing. Paired with the 2015 Refugio oil spill, also in Santa Barbara County, where clean-up costs hit $92 million, these in-cidents show us that we cannot con-tinue to drag our feet. We need to im-plement pipeline safety and spill miti-gation rules that Congress already passed 6 years ago. In 2011, the House worked in a bipar-tisan way to pass the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Cre-ation Act. This law, which passed the House unanimously, directed the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, to update and strengthen key pipeline safety standards. The law called on PHMSA to issue a rule requiring automatic shutoff valves on new pipelines and to strengthen requirements for the inclu-sion of leak detection technologies on pipelines. My amendment is straightforward. It sets $1 million of PHMSA’s own budget for the finalization and implementa-tion of sections 4 and 8 of the bipar-tisan 2011 pipeline safety law so that our Federal guidelines are up to date. Section 4 requires new pipelines to in-stall automatic shutoff valves. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. CARBAJAL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I want to thank the gentleman for bringing this issue up and just let him know that we are ready to accept his amendment. So if he would just yield back, I will accept this amendment. I want to thank the gentleman for bringing it up. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, if the amendment is in order to be ac-cepted, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . ROSEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00394 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.135 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7051 September 6, 2017 
Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1211, line 19, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $47,000,000)’’. Page 1211, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. Page 1211, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $8,000,000)’’. Page 1211, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $32,660,000)’’. Page 1212, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,865,000)’’. Page 1212, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $475,000)’’. Page 1294, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $35,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Nevada. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to increase funding by $35 million for the Neigh-borhood Reinvestment Corporation, better known as NeighborWorks Amer-ica. For the past 40 years, NeighborWorks America, a congressionally chartered nonprofit, has provided financial sup-port, technical assistance, and training for community-based development right here in the USA. NeighborWorks partners with more than 240 organizations focused on pro-viding access to homeownership and to safe and affordable rental housing. These organizations are public-private partnerships providing maximum transparency and accountability in their stewardship of scarce Federal dol-lars. In fiscal year 2016, NeighborWorks America developed nearly 13,000 afford-able homes, repaired over 55,000 houses, created more than 21,000 new home-owners, and assisted over 360,000 fami-lies with affordable housing. NeighborWorks has demonstrated the ability to attract private sector invest-ments to its affordable housing projects, leveraging 91 private dollars for every $1 of funding appropriated. Our country is finally on the path-way to recovering from a crippling housing crisis. My home State of Ne-vada was hit the hardest when the housing bubble burst and we experi-enced one of the highest rates of fore-closure. My district, which includes Las Vegas, has some of the lowest availability of affordable rental homes to households with low-income levels. In fact, there are only 15 affordable and available rental homes for every 100 rental households. NeighborWorks has played a critical role in helping develop and preserve af-fordable housing, revitalize and sustain neighborhoods, and create jobs. Last year, Nevada affordable housing orga-nizations like Neighborhood Housing Services of Southern Nevada, and Ne-vada HAND, received over $600,000 in grants, providing homeownership coun-seling and education to over 6,500 households, creating over 600 new homeowners, and preserving homeown-ership for over 250 individuals. Con-gress needs to continue to strengthen programs that allow low-income fami-lies to keep a roof over their heads. In addition to financial support and technical assistance, NeighborWorks offers home buyer and foreclosure counseling, and previously adminis-tered the National Foreclosure Mitiga-tion Counseling program. Created in 2007 to address the nationwide housing foreclosure crisis, this program has counseled more than 2 million home-owners facing foreclosure in response to the housing crisis. You may hear from my friends across the aisle that there is no longer a need for foreclosure mitigation counseling because foreclosure rates are decreas-ing nationwide. And I am glad to see the rates decrease, but the reality is that foreclosures continue to plague many parts of this country, including my district. Statistics from the Department of Housing and Urban Development show that a foreclosed home depresses home values, reducing appraisal values by nearly 9 percent. Clearly, preventing even one foreclosure helps every house-hold in a neighborhood. Foreclosure mitigation counseling plays a crucial role in reducing chances that a homeowner will not fall back into foreclosure. These programs en-able counselors to work with home-owners on their budget and find the best option for their situation. According to an Urban Institute study, counseled homeowners were nearly twice as likely to receive a cure for their serious delinquency or fore-closure as homeowners not counseled through the NeighborWorks program. Additionally, NeighborWorks also of-fers disaster preparedness and recovery for communities, including training, resources, and assistance. In fact, orga-nizations in and around the impact zone of Hurricane Harvey in Houston are ready to offer disaster recovery right where it is needed most, and we know Irma is on its way to Florida. On the heels of one the worst natural disasters of our lifetime, and in the face of additional severe weather events, now is not the time to roll back our investment in NeighborWorks and the organization it supports. Despite the continued need for af-fordable housing and NeighborWorks’ success at revitalizing communities, the underlying bill would cripple NeighborWorks by slashing its funding. We cannot afford to reverse our progress made on affordable housing. Instead, we should continue critical in-vestments in programs like NeighborWorks that have proven to be successful. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ for this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, let me first reassure the gentlewoman that I support the mission of Neighbor-hood Reinvestment Corporation. As a matter of fact, this bill that we are on provides $140 million, the same amount that was provided in 2017. We are not rolling that back at all. The reduction from FY16, however, reflects the elimination of the National Foreclosure and Mitigation Counseling program. Now, this program was to be a 1-year program when it began in 2007 in response to, obviously, the fore-closure crisis at the time. Again, this 1-year program then continued on for 9 years. Now, recognizing that the economy improved, obviously, significantly, and foreclosure numbers continued to de-cline, Congress discontinued the NFMC program, again, in fiscal year 2017. In fact, the prior administration proposed elimination of the NFMC in its budget request for the very same reason. So in 2016—let’s put this in perspec-tive. Foreclosure filings were at a 10- year low and declined to 14 percent below the 2015 level. The foreclosure rate has stayed within a historically normal range for 3 years. So, further, the NRC has integrated foreclosure mitigation counseling into its other counseling programs, eliminating the need for a separate program. So, again, you know, we scrubbed these accounts. For those reasons, I respectfully would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I commend my colleague for offering this amendment, and I strong-ly support it. Like many Members, I have seen the difference that NeighborWorks makes in my own dis-trict: making available hundreds of af-fordable apartments, often for vet-erans, for families. The administration proposed slashing NeighborWorks by $113 million, so I commend the committee, our sub-committee, for refusing that proposal. But we need to bring it back to the fis-cal year ‘16 level, and that is what my colleague is proposing. That would be $35 million. It would bring us to that fiscal year ‘16 level of funding, and it would let NeighborWorks do even more good work in our communities. I urge adoption of the amendment. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00395 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.142 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7052 September 6, 2017 
The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Nevada will be postponed. b2045 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1215, line 25, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $177,362,500)’’. Page 1216, line 8, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $177,362,500)’’. Page 1304, line 22, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $177,362,500)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chairman recognizes the gen-tleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, this amendment reduces the total funding for public housing tenant-based rental assistance, excluding veterans, elderly, and the disabled, by $177 million. Our President, Donald Trump, who was try-ing to do what he could to balance the budget, actually had less funding for this program than what there was last year. Because I am a person who believes in getting things done through com-promise, I am reducing the increase in this program to only 2 percent from the 4 percent as the bill was shot out of the Appropriations Committee. I have always had problems with this program. Like a lot of these programs, it kind of discourages work in that the more you work the more your rent goes up. I think, like a lot of these pro-grams, it discourages marriage, be-cause if you are married to somebody with a good job, you could lose your apartment. And, finally, like a lot of these programs, you could take the time to look at some of these projects. I talked to some of the people in my area who administer them. The apart-ments or rental units given to people who get Section 8 are better than a lot of working people, which doesn’t seem right either. I will also point out, since these ap-propriations bills were originally looked at, I mean at that time we al-ready knew we were looking at blowing through a $20 trillion deficit, since that time, we have had a couple major hur-ricanes out there which I think would cause everybody to look for ways to re-duce the spending that was put in these bills in July. Mr. Chair, I am going to ask that amendment No. 39 pass. I am going to ask that we restrict the increase to 2 percent. I can’t believe I compromised so much on that, but we will go for a 2 percent increase instead of a 4 percent increase, and hope you will all be glad. Consider it a down payment to help the struggling people in Texas and Florida. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, we have scrubbed this bill for savings in overhead and administration, and I want to thank the gentleman for al-ways bringing up these important issues. We have funded vouchers at a level that meets HUD’s commitment to those currently receiving assistance, many of whom are elderly and disabled. I know obviously that is not what the gentleman is going after, or both. But again, we scrubbed this bill, and we think that the funding is where it needs to be at this stage. I would re-spectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I don’t see how in our current position we can afford 4 percent increases on anything. Like I said, I think there is kind of an inference here that this is overall a good program, and people ought to be looking at this program. Like so many of these means-based programs, they kind of create a situation in which we both discourage work and discourage marriage. I am disappointed that there would be any alliance in this budget that people would feel a 4 percent upper was appropriate. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for yield-ing time to me, and I join him in oppo-sition to this amendment. There are some conflicting accounts about what the underlying bill would do. Certainly there has been an at-tempt to contain the damage in the bill. Some groups like the National Low Income Housing Coalition, how-ever, estimate that housing vouchers would be lost under the current bill, and then we have this amendment? This amendment would compound many times whatever problems are in-volved in the legislation. It would have a horrible impact on low-income fami-lies. The gentleman has asserted here to-night that veterans wouldn’t be harmed, that the disabled wouldn’t be harmed, the elderly wouldn’t be harmed. Read the amendment. Where is any of this stated? How can he make such statement? All these groups and more would be harmed. Mr. Chair, I urge this amendment’s rejection. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, just one more time I will point out, it is all fine and good to say the Federal Govern-ment ought to be spending more money. We are broke, and we got a lot more broke in August when those hur-ricanes hit. I think it would be appro-priate for everybody around here to re-member that the day will come when we can no longer borrow money, and that will be a very ugly day indeed. Like I said, we could have introduced the amendment to go back where Don-ald Trump wanted. I know he is a war-rior and cares a lot about this coun-try’s children and grandchildren. I put a 2 percent upper in there. I think it is sad when people feel a 2 percent in-crease is being difficult on people. If there are problems back home, there is nothing that prevents local States or counties or individuals out of their own pocketbook to put more money in this sort of program. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1240, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, this amendment, which I introduced with my colleague Congressman J
OHN LAR-
SONalso of Connecticut, will address a serious escalating problem in north central and eastern Connecticut. Thou-sands of homes there are currently at risk of collapse due to crumbling con-crete foundations. A mineral identified as pyrrhotite was present in stone ag-gregate mined in a quarry in Willington, Connecticut, and used in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:52 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00396 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.145 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7053 September 6, 2017 
concrete to pour home foundations in at least 36 towns in the region from the 1980s through the early 2000s. Exposure to moisture causes the pyrrhotite to rust in the foundation over time, causing the foundation walls to bow and crack, eventually deterio-rating to the point where homeowners can literally see through the cracks and even remove chunks of the founda-tion by hand. This is a complex issue, and our amendment is a critical step to bring assistance to the region. It directs HUD to develop applications of Com-munity Development Block Grants to pyrrhotite-related residential damage under its antiblight programs and pro-cedures. It is our belief that HUD, State, local, and private sector stakeholders can develop a collaborative basket of solutions to ease the burden of home-owners and prevent damage to the broader real estate market and econ-omy of the region. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s concern, and I look forward to working with him and also with HUD to address this issue, and I want to thank him for bringing this up. Mr. Chair, I accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman for his remarks, and I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ), my colleague. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, in less than a minute, I want to thank the chairman and I also want to thank the ranking member for their support in what is a critical issue to the citizens of the State of Con-necticut. I want to thank Representa-tive C
OURTNEY for spearheading this ef-fort in the State of Connecticut, along with a young State senator named Timothy D. Larson. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1247, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $266,000,000)’’. Page 1304, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $266,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the chairman and rank-ing member for their collaborative ef-fort to bring this bill forward. I do rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3354, which should be amendment No. 46. This amendment deals with project- based rental assistance rather than tenant-based rental assistance. It suf-fers from the same problems, however. One more time, our President, when he introduced his budget looking at the $20 trillion deficit, decided to reduce this program a little bit. And it prob-ably would be good to reduce the pro-gram a little bit because, like many of these programs, it is fundamentally flawed in that it discourages work and also discourages marriage. I have looked at some of these hous-ing projects in my district, and it is again irritating that people who are getting free housing sometimes have better housing than people who are paying for their own housing; there-fore, I make the modest request to get rid of the increase in the current budg-et. I am not going as far as our Presi-dent who actually decreased this line, but I think it is fair to reduce the cur-rent bill by $266 million, which is the increase in the current year. Again, I think, as opposed to when this bill was originally put together, we have had a couple hurricanes which I think would cause everybody in this building to realize that insofar as we can spend any more money in this budget, it should be focused a little bit more on the people in Texas and Flor-ida, and we should not be increasing other programs. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would cut funding as was explained to what I believe is a vital HUD program that houses 1.2 mil-lion low- and very low-income house-holds across the country. Now, a ma-jority of those households include folks with either disabilities or, frankly, folks who are elderly. The average household income is less than $12,000. This funding level would not allow HUD to renew all expiring housing con-tracts with private owners. It also would cause some other issues of insta-bility in that program, that platform, and it could cause housing providers to leave the program. The gentleman has, I think, some very valid points about some of his concerns with all of these government programs. I just don’t think this is the right way to do it. Mr. Chair, again, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1258, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $28,375,000) (increased by $28,375,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would transfer funding for the Private Enforcement Initiative at HUD to the Administrative Enforce-ment Initiative. The amendment does not change the top line appropriation. I believe the Fair Housing Act must be strongly enforced, and I believe this is best accomplished by strengthening HUD’s Administrative Enforcement Initiative and enhancing the role of State and local agencies in finding and punishing bad actors. The Private Enforcement Initiative has been abused by some nonprofits that are more interested in winning at-torneys’ fees than finding and pun-ishing bad actors. The cost of these frivolous lawsuits ultimately is trans-ferred onto low- and middle-income Americans in the form of more expen-sive rent and housing, worsening our country’s affordable housing crisis. I don’t believe this is fair or what was intended under the Fair Housing Act. I believe there is a better way to more strongly and effectively enforce fair housing protections, a similar amendment passed 2 years ago, and I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:52 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00397 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.150 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7054 September 6, 2017 
b2100 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment. The Private Enforcement Initiative provides grants to nonprofit organizations to prevent and eliminate discriminatory housing practices. These organizations receive com-plaints. They investigate them. They work to educate landlords and property managers on their responsibilities under Federal fair housing law. Their work ensures that legitimate com-plaints move forward and that edu-cation is provided to housing providers when that is appropriate. Across the country, PEI grantees are working to ensure that families with children have access to housing. Just this May, HUD and Project Sentinel, an organization in California, an-nounced a conciliation agreement with a landlord who refused to rent to peo-ple with small children and infants. Another PEI grantee in California worked to ensure that a person with disabilities had access to a medically required service animal. Another grantee in Illinois worked to ensure that a mortgage lender did not dis-criminate on the basis of race. This is the kind of work that PEIs do. It may seem expedient to some to transfer the funding and responsibility of investigating fair housing com-plaints to States and local units of gov-ernment, but we would lose a lot by doing that. What we would lose is the organizational knowledge, the years of expertise that the PEI program has de-veloped. Now, if the gentleman has specific issues with the program about how it is run, you know, the authorizing com-mittee can hear those complaints, not the appropriations process. This is not the place to refine the law under which the program operates, let alone to pull the plug on funding. Given all of the good work that PEI grantees do across the country and in my district, I can’t support eliminating this program, and I urge colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, unfor-tunately, in some jurisdictions there are many abuses. ‘‘60 Minutes’’ had a great story about this. Other media outlets have featured the abuses as well. The gentleman argues that, gee, we can’t do this in the appropriations process. We do limitation amendments every day. Limitation amendments are germane and effective controls that we have in place and we are allowed to put in place on these spending programs. I simply believe that the administra-tive enforcement initiative is more ef-fective and will use the money to bet-ter help low- and moderate-income Americans. I disagree with the gentleman, and I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a pretty good example, I must say, of throwing the baby out with the bathwater. There may be complaints here and there. There are ways to pursue those com-plaints. But the good work that these organizations do, the documented cases of discrimination, discriminatory prac-tices, exclusion that they have rem-edied, that they have made right, should be very compelling to us. Certainly, the blunt instrument of simply withholding of funding isn’t going to deal with that. It is going to likely do great damage to organiza-tions that, across the country, have had a very positive impact. This amendment would end their work. It would end the work of non-profits that use funding to ensure hous-ing providers remain in compliance with Federal housing law. It is a very bad idea. Mr. Chair, let’s oppose this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I would direct the gentleman, Mr. Chairman, to a GAO report on this very program that talks about these abuses, and I hope he takes a serious look at it. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amend-ment No. 49. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to establish or col-lect tolls on Interstate Route 80 in the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amend-ment No. 49 to the underlying bill, H.R. 3354, Make America Secure and Pros-perous Appropriations Act. Mr. Chairman, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, over a 5-year period, has failed three attempts to place tolls on Interstate 80. Pennsylvania’s failed plan has cost millions of dollars, led actually to the indictments of several political insiders, and abetted in di-minishing the average citizen’s faith in their public institutions. Unfortunately, Pennsylvania still has authorizing language for tolls of Interstate 80 in State law. Any move by Pennsylvania to dust off the plans to toll one of its interstates must be met with scrutiny and open public de-bate, and this amendment will ensure that that happens. The amendment I have offered with Mr. KELLY will simply limit funds from this bill for the purpose of placing tolls on Interstate 80 in Pennsylvania during the fiscal year 2018. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I can’t imagine why we would want to micromanage Penn-sylvania’s transportation system. I wouldn’t want the body microman-aging North Carolina’s. We had a decision about tolling in my district a few years ago. Tolling wasn’t anybody’s first choice or second choice or third choice. But if tolling had not been instituted on a part of the loop road around Raleigh, North Caro-lina, if tolling had not been instituted, we would have waited 20 years for the road to be constructed. So we took a deep breath and we undertook a toll project, and that is why the road is built and serving commuters today. Now, that decision could have gone either way, but we would have had no business in this body coming in and dictating that decision in North Caro-lina or any other State. I don’t know why we should start tonight. Federal law is very flexible about the use of Federal aid funds for new toll fa-cilities and even existing toll-free roads. States will make different deci-sions about this. I would say our infrastructure needs are pressing enough to require an all- of-the-above approach, and if tolls are appropriate and are accepted, then that is perhaps what we should do. But that is a decision for State and local offi-cials and their constituents in consid-ering these matters. We have no busi-ness in adopting an amendment of that sort, and I very much hope we will not. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I am not sure. I appre-ciate the gentleman’s opinion, but I don’t see where Congress does not have input into a Federal highway, and that is what Interstate 80 is. It is approxi-mately 311 miles. It is more than well- maintained. The cost of it, with signifi-cant gas taxes levied today, pays for not just the maintenance, but the con-struction and the improvements that are necessary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00398 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.155 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7055 September 6, 2017 
Again, we are talking Federal gas tax, again, a nexus to this body that the gentleman doesn’t seem to realize. What this amendment does is just call on and require an open debate with scrutiny, and so I, quite frankly, con-tinue to just ask the support for this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I would like the clarify that I am not the least bit interested in get-ting into the merits of this project. It is none of my business, none of our business, so that is not the point. I haven’t said a word about the merits of the project. I know nothing about it. What I do know is that this is a deci-sion that the State of Pennsylvania is perfectly capable of making for itself. I am not interested in the folks that might be on the losing side of a deci-sion to come to this body to carry their water. We have no business doing that. This is simply an inappropriate exer-cise of appropriations power, and I urge the amendment’s rejection. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I made my arguments clear, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing wage re-quirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This is an amendment, a Davis-Bacon amendment, and it will be brought on each of the four segments of this appro-priations bill that we are considering here in the House this evening and per-haps tomorrow morning, Mr. Chair-man. Just to make it clear, the text of the amendment is very simple. It says, ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing wage requirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code,’’ and this is commonly referred to as the Davis-Bacon Act. What the Davis-Bacon Act is, it is a statute that exists from about 1933, and its genesis is back during the Great De-pression when there was, let’s say, labor protectionism brought about by the unions in New York City. When a contractor from Alabama bid a Federal building contract—and there were not many of them in those days—that Ala-bama contractor was successful and he imported African-American labor out of Alabama to do the work in the trade zone of the construction unions in New York City. And so two Republicans, a Republican Senator and a Republican Member of the House, got together and wrote the Davis-Bacon Act, which is defined as prevailing wage. In my 42 years in the construction business, which we just concluded as of Labor Day, this past Labor Day, we have dealt with the Davis-Bacon Act quite a lot. Our math goes somewhere between an 8 and 35 percent increase in the cost of the projects. We use an av-erage of 20 percent. I believe you will see some of those sophisticated studies go to a 22 percent increase in prices. So we are dealing with taxpayers’ moneys here in a fiscal time when we need to get to a balance. There never was a time we should be wasting tax-payers’ money. A prevailing wage, a real prevailing wage is a merit shop wage, not a union scale imposed by a BOGSAT, which is a bunch of guys sit-ting around a table deciding whether they want to give raises to the dif-ferent classifications within the labor force. I have long opposed the Davis-Bacon wage scale. It messes up the efficiency within our companies and makes us less efficient. This just doesn’t raise the cost and impose the union scale on the taxpayers, but it erodes the effi-ciency that you can provide in a pri-vate sector approach. And so after all of these years, I am pledged to see the day when this is finally repealed. I urge the adoption of this amend-ment which strikes the use of Davis- Bacon enforcement in the underlying appropriations, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Davis-Bacon is a pretty simple concept, and a fair one. It re-quires that workers on a federally funded construction project be paid no less than prevailing wages, the wages paid in the community for similar work. The Davis-Bacon Act ensures work-ers are paid decent wages, while pre-venting unscrupulous contractors from undercutting competitors. In doing this, Davis-Bacon helps protect work-ers and the Federal Government. Mr. Chairman, the House has taken numerous votes on this issue, and on every vote, this body has maintained Davis-Bacon requirements. Last year, we avoided including divi-sive language like this, and it is my hope that we will stop attacking work-ing people and their organizations and defeat the amendment before us. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Iowa has 21⁄2minutes remaining. b2115 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that I hear the script read every year that I bring the effort to repeal or undo Davis-Bacon, but I don’t really hear a lot of response to the fact that Davis-Bacon is a Jim Crow law de-signed to keep minorities, particularly African Americans, out of the con-struction trades, particularly in the unions. The assertion that it is a pre-vailing wage doesn’t hold up when you live in this universe where I have for 42-plus years—and that is just as an owner, and working out, I saw that also for other companies. So when I see these rates and I talk to a contractor that is building bridges in rural Missouri down there in the whoops and hollers, as we say, and they are paying for an unskilled laborer who, for a number of those hours, does lean on the shovel while he waits for other things to get done, $23 an hour for wages, $22 an hour for fringe bene-fits, $45 an hour out of pocket for the contractor really just transferred to the taxpayer. That is an example. There is much of it that is here that goes in 46, 57, here is $51.60 an hour, Mr. Chairman. So, no, this is not prevailing wage. There is no study that I have found in all the time I have dealt with this that would demonstrate that pre-vailing wage is a merit shop earned wage. Instead, it is set, as I said, by a bunch of guys sitting around a table. It reflects almost always union scale. Many of the merit shop contractors will not report their Davis-Bacon pre-vailing wages because they know that just brings union organization up against them. They want to avoid that, so they are not reporting what they are actually paying in wages. In many of the States that have adopted a mini Davis-Bacon for their State or the States that are highly unionized, they press this thing to the point where the difference between the merit shop wages and union scale is very close together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00399 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.157 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7056 September 6, 2017 
We have also double-breasted oper-ations where you might have a com-pany that is Company A and Company B wrapped up, and one-half of the com-pany is union and the other half of the company isn’t. That is to comply with Federal regulations. There is a gentleman who used to serve this Congress in Massachusetts, who was famous for saying that the Federal Government has no business intervening in between a relationship between two or more consenting adults. I agree with that. An employee and an employer should be able to de-cide what they want to make as their business agreement. If I decide I want to pay someone $100 an hour or $1,000 or $1 an hour, that should be up to me. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment that would eliminate the Davis- Bacon prevailing wage. Is it that time of year? It must be. Come back here to Con-gress and say: I want to lower the wages and working conditions for those men and women in my district. That is exactly what we are hearing. When you can’t win it on the votes, you make revisionist history, you play the race card, you throw whatever you can. Over 100 years ago, Republican Con-gressmen Jim Davis and Robert Bacon realized there was a problem with Fed-eral contracts. These contracts were unfair to local economies. They were not taking into account what had been going on historically in those areas. This, very simply, ensures that con-struction workers are paid the same as workers in that local community. But what I am hearing tonight is I want to go back to the district, to peo-ple who elected me, and say: I want to lower your wages. I want to lower them to the point I will make anything up. Because that is exactly what we are hearing. This has been around, and it continues to be evolved and made to work because it works for those local communities. It is about ensuring those local communities are not going to be run over by big Federal contrac-tors coming in, they are going to be paid exactly what the people in that community are being paid. It continues today because it works. It works in New York, it works in New Jersey, it works in Florida, and it works in Oklahoma. It is about fair-ness. It is about leveling the playing field—something that apparently many people in this Chamber forgot. We are here to help raise the stand-ards of men and women we represent, not lower them. So I encourage that we defeat this amendment to keep doing what we are supposed to do: represent the people who elected us and to make their lives just a little bit better, not what we are hearing: I will play the race card and try to lower the wages. My God, where are we going? We are fighting to lower wages? It is about raising people up, letting them be what they should be, the greatest thing they can be in the great-est country. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I urge defeat of the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 52 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I am reading a headline that says that experts say it could take Houston years to fully recover from Hurricane Harvey. This is not because my local leaders, mayors, county judges, and Governors are not working as hard as they can, but it is the most significant, singular, and devastating costly flood in the con-tinental United States history. Certainly, we are praying that Hurri-cane Irma detours away from those places that it has not yet hit. We cer-tainly pray for Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the other Caribbean is-lands, and certainly our friends in Florida and up the East Coast. But right now we have that unlikely and unappreciated position of having the most devastating flood. So my amendment has to do with State and local funds being part of de-signing their own reconstruction, their own projects, their own capital projects. Specifically, my amendment says that none of the funds made avail-able by this act under the heading Fed-eral Transit Administration—Transit Formula Grants may be used in con-travention of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. The identical amendment was offered in the Jackson Lee amendment to H.R. 2577 and received a positive voice vote. In particular, this amendment af-firms the importance to the Nation of projects that create economic develop-ment, particularly in the transpor-tation area. Pursuant to section 5309 of title 49, the Secretary of Transportation may make grants under this section to State and local governments. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept this amendment. If the gentlewoman is willing to yield back the balance of her time, I am more than willing to accept her amend-ment. I want to thank the gentle-woman for bringing it up. Ms. JACKSON LEE. The chairman is very kind. Let me thank the chairman and the ranking member of the sub-committee. If I might just take one moment and I will conclude taking your gracious offer. First, I would like to acknowledge that this amendment is supported by the trade unions, the TTD. I thank them very much for their support. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD the article about our rebuilding. 
[From the Washington Post, Aug. 28, 2017] N
ATION ’SFOURTH -LARGEST CITYSTRUGGLES  
TOGETMOVING AGAIN AFTER HARVEY  (By Ashley Halsey III, Michael Laris, Martine Powers and Luz Lazo) Cleanup and flooding in Texas continue in wake of Hurricane Harvey. Under the threat of more rain and flooding this week, the regional hub that is Houston faced the daunting prospect of clearing mud- swept roadways, opening two of the nation’s busiest airports and resuming operations at the country’s second-busiest port. Many streets remained impassable, with water more than waist-high. Those highways not flooded too often led to others that were. And officials said it was too soon to say when the transit system would resume oper-ations. Houston is a city that for the past eight years led the nation in growth, and although transit was considered to have its place, the city’s backbone is the oil industry, which re-lies heavily on new highways to get around town. When the city spread out into Harris County—which has 6.5 million people to the city’s 2 million—the connections were road-ways. The state maintains more than 1,200 miles of them, including four interstates, three of which crisscross the downtown area. Even though the worst of the storm ap-peared to be over, transportation officials continued to urge people to stay off the roads. ‘‘We’re expecting more rain,’’ Houston Fire Chief Samuel Pen˜a said. ‘‘The roads are dangerous. Stay off the roads.’’ Once the water clears, it may take weeks or months before roads are fully ready for travel, said Dave Newcomb, a senior research engineer at the Texas A&M Transportation Institute. He said the primary concern will be local streets and roadways, not the free-way system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00400 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.161 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7057 September 6, 2017 
‘‘The freeways are probably going to be okay,’’ Newcomb said. ‘‘They’re built with lots of support underneath them. They’re built for heavy loads and adverse condi-tions.’’ But local roads built on rain-saturated soil may be left in a weakened state, he said, taking a month or two before they stabilize. Bridges that had swift-moving floodwaters around them must be checked for scouring around their supports, he said. The sheer scale of the immediate recovery is daunting. ‘‘It is really difficult because we’re so spread out and highway-dependent,’’ said Kyle Shelton, director of strategic partner-ships at the Kinder Institute, an urban-re-search think tank at Houston’s Rice Univer-sity. ‘‘We just have so many streets and so many roads and so much other infrastruc-ture to make sure is okay and bring back on-line. That’s going to take weeks and months.’’ Houston’s two big airports—George Bush Intercontinental Airport and the William P. Hobby Airport—will begin to see traffic on their runways even as the rest of the region struggles to find its footing. Officials said Hobby will remain closed until Wednesday; Bush until Thursday. The magnitude of the backup to the na-tional aviation system caused when Houston shuts down was evident Monday: 772 flights had been set to depart from the two airports, carrying close to 94,000 passengers. The two airports had a record 1.9 million passengers pass through security last month. ‘‘You may not even be heading to Houston and still run into this,’’ said Anne McDermott of Farecompare.com. She said that late Sunday a flight to Dallas landed in Memphis because so many—Houston-bound flights had been diverted to Dallas. ‘‘It’s going to continue to be a fluid situation.’’ The Houston Metro’s bus system, three light-rail lines and paratransit services were shut down Monday, with no word on when they would resume service. In a statement, Metro officials said they will monitor the situation to determine when it would be safe to resume service. If history is precedent, it may be a while before those buses are back on the road. After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, it took weeks to restore bus service in New Orle-ans—partly because of the condition of flood-ed roadways, but also because hundreds of buses were underwater after the storm. With the city’s bus fleet unusable, the Federal Emergency Management Agency had to scramble to bring in more than a thousand private coaches to help with evacuation ef-forts. The Houston Metro tried to prevent a simi-lar outcome for this storm, parking more than 100 buses in the HOV lane on an ele-vated section of Interstate 59. ‘‘This is a city that was built, in large part, in defiance of nature,’’ said Christof Spieler, an urban planner who is on the board of Metro. ‘‘Basically, developers just treated this as a big empty canvas and just spread out across it. We tend to sort of ignore the nat-ural underpinnings of the city. When this amount of rain falls, suddenly that natural geography reasserts itself.’’ And in the long run, Houston—like the rest of the country—has to wrestle with how to become more resilient in an era when weath-er hazards are increasing. Over the past three years, there have been three floods that have ‘‘all been labeled unprecedented,’’ Shelton said. While freeways and many local streets have major sections that are under-water, many other areas are not submerged, depending on their elevation and how much rain there was in that particular place. ‘‘Houston is used to flooding. We’re not used to anything on the scale of what just happened,’’ Spieler said. Rapid development over the past two dec-ades—and the sprawling networks of accom-panying roadways, subdivisions and parking lots have left Houston especially susceptible to major flooding, said Samuel Brody, a Texas A&M University urban planning pro-fessor who leads the Center for Texas Beach-es and Shores. Such surfaces leave little return path for floodwaters to go into the ground or drain-age channels. ‘‘You’ve got a smearing of pavement all over a flood-prone region,’’ he said. ‘‘You’re putting more impervious surfaces over a large area that is dominated by flood-prone, low-lying landscapes, so when it rains, there’s all this impervious surface. It in-creases the volume and velocity of water going into the bayous which Houston uses as their primary drain system.’’ Between 1996 and 2011, as development boomed, the percentage of impervious sur-faces in Houston grew by 25 percent, Brody said, citing a report he led that examined the effect of development on flood damage in the Gulf of Mexico region. And although the ex-treme rainfall totals from Harvey probably would have caused flooding no matter what, Brody said the presence of pavement in-creases the amount of damage on the ground. The 25-mile-long complex of docks and warehouses that make up the Port of Hous-ton planned to remain closed Tuesday. Kurt Nagle, chief executive of the Amer-ican Association of Port Authorities, said that early indications show there is ‘‘light to moderate’’ infrastructure damage along the Houston Ship Channel 150 business facilities that generate $617 billion in economic activ-ity per year. At least three vessels originally headed for Houston have been diverted to New Orleans, and more may be detoured in coming days from Houston and other af-fected ports in Galveston, Victoria, Beau-mont, Port Lavaca and others. The continuing severe weather may have further effects on the ports in the region, Nagle said. But even once things clear up, significant work will need to be done before shipping channels in the area can reopen. The Coast Guard will need to perform sur-veys of the area to determine whether buoys and navigation aids have been moved or lost, and the Army Corps of Engineers will need to perform a channel assessment to ensure that no debris is blocking the shipping chan-nels under the surface. Benny Rousselle witnessed the ravages of water during Katrina from his perch as presi-dent of Plaquemines Parish, south of New Orleans. The priorities for leaders in Hous-ton are clear, for now: help those who are stranded. ‘‘The pressure is on the local elected offi-cials to get this community up and running as quick as possible, so they can come home and help with the recovery,’’ said Rousselle, who is now on the parish council. ‘‘But you cannot do that until you have enough utili-ties and roadways cleared so they can come in,’’ Rousselle said. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I just want to conclude by making this point to Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and it is that local entities should have the right to direct funds where they believe they are most important, particularly for transportation projects. As they do so with Federal dollars, let me also add my support for Davis- Bacon. It is, in essence, completely op-posite with what was represented. It is a civil rights bill for all people. I ask my colleagues to join me in making sure the State and local gov-ernments get Federal funds. And as we move forward to restore Houston and Harris County and all of the Gulf re-gion, this will be a very important amendment to make sure that we can direct our own destiny with Federal funds. The Secretary of Transportation has that authority to give to us to be able to do so. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, let me thank Subcommittee Chairman DIAZ-BALART and Ranking Member P
RICE for their leadership on this important legislation and for the opportunity to explain my amendment. The Jackson Lee Amendment adds at the end of the bill the following new section pro-viding that: S
EC.ll. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Federal Transit Administration—Transit Formula Grants’’ may be used in contravention of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. This amendment is identical to the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 2577, the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development Ap-propriations Act for FY2016 adopted by the House on June 8, 2016 by voice vote. In particular, the Jackson Lee affirms the importance to the nation of projects that create economic development, particularly in the transportation area. Pursuant to section 5309 of title 49, the Secretary of Transportation may make grants under this section to State and local govern-ment the authority to assist in financing capital projects, small startup projects, including the acquisition of real property. This section further supports capacity im-provements, including double tracking, and it specifically relates to work that deals with projects on approved transportation plans. That is key; section 5309 of title 49 grants to State and local governments the authority to undertake capital projects, which means that when local governments propose their projects, the Secretary has the authority to go forward on them. It is instructive to consider what some of the nation’s leading transportation and economic development organization have to say about the importance and economic impact of invest-ments in local light rail capital projects. It is well documented that nothing enhances the competitiveness of a nation in this increas-ingly globalized economy, that investments in transportation infrastructure capital projects. Whether it is the seaways, dams, highways, or tollways, and whether it involves other modes of transportation, transportation projects are major engines driving the econ-omy. And it is important for the local community to be the drivers of that. Metropolitan regions will not be able to maintain its economic vitality without the ability to create and preserve infrastructure that sup-ports the movement of people and goods throughout our country. The Jackson Lee Amendment clearly speaks to the global aspect of the Secretary of Transportation having the ability to work with our local and State governments. Houston is the fourth most populous city in the country; but unlike other large cities, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00401 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.066 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7058 September 6, 2017 
have struggled to have an effective mass tran-sit system. Over many decades Houston’s mass transit policy was to build more highways with more lanes to carry more drivers to and from work. The city of Houston has changed course and is now pursuing Mass transit options that include light rail. This decision to invest in light rail was and is strongly supported by Houstonians by their votes in a 2003 referendum and by their in-creased usage of light rail service made pos-sible in part by transportation appropriations bills. Specifically, Harris County voters passed a massive referendum proposal that was to set the stage for transit for the next 20 years. It included a first stage of four light rail lines, to be complete by 2012, and a master plan for a 65-mile system, to be complete by 2025. An April 2014 report by the Houston METRO on weekly ridership states that 44,267 used Houston’s light rail service, which rep-resented a 6,096 or 16% increase in ridership from April of the previous year. This increase in light rail usage outpaced ridership of other forms of mass transit in the city of Houston: metro bus had a 2.3% in-crease over April 2013; metro bus-local had a 1.3% increase over April 2013; and Metro bus- Park and ride had a 8.o% increase over April 2013. In a story published February 5, 2013, the Houston Chronicle reported on the congestion Houston drivers face under daily commute to and from work. According to the Chronicle article, in 2011 Houston commuters continue to enjoy some of the worst traffic delays in the country, and Houston area drivers wasted more than two days a year, on average, in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,090 in lost time and fuel. Today, those figures have increased to 3.5 days a year wasted in traffic congestion, cost-ing them each $1,850 in lost time and fuel. To put it in simpler and starker terms: A driver in Houston could see 154 movies this year or purchase 21 tickets to a home Texans game with the money wasted because of poorly maintained or traffic-clogged roads. Expanded light rail is critical to Houston’s plan to meet its transportation and environ-mental challenges, ease its traffic congestion, and improve its air quality. Places most likely to see immediate benefit from light rail in Houston are the 50,000 stu-dents that attend the University of Houston and Texas Southern University. Funds made available under this deal should be available to support local govern-ment decisions of the Houston Metropolitan transit Authority and the city of Houston to ex-pand rail service. When we put our minds to it, we can get things done. In Houston, we built a port 50 miles from the ocean, created the world’s greatest med-ical center in the middle of open prairie, and convinced the federal government to base its astronauts in a hurricane zone 870 miles from the launch pad. Each of those achievements shares a com-mon element: elected officials have advo-cated, built public support, and brought the agencies together. Members of Congress should respect the decisions of state and local governments when it comes to deciding how they will spend funding made available for public transpor-tation under this appropriations bill. I ask my colleagues to again support the Jackson Lee Amendment and affirm the au-thority of the Secretary of Transportation to work with local governments to develop local transit projects that will relieve traffic conges-tion, efficiently move people and goods, create jobs and maintain America’s status as the leading economy in the world. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MS . HERRERA  
BEUTLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into an agreement for the establishment or collec-tion of tolls on Interstate Route 5 or Inter-state Route 205 in the State of Oregon or Washington. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA  B
EUTLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, recently, the State of Oregon passed a transportation package that included a provision to establish tolls on the State line between Washington and Oregon. Since that time, there has been a lot of concern in my district that tolls could be established on the bridges on the Washington border, I–205 and I–5 on the Washington side. So far, that is not an unreasonable idea if those tolls are going to be used on that stretch of roadway. But here is the kicker, Mr. Chairman: my con-stituents do use those bridges over-whelmingly. Upwards of 50,000 people a day commute into Portland to work. The problem is that the proposal, this scheme, would be used to pay for projects well south of Portland and a structure of roadways my constituents don’t overwhelmingly use. So they would be paying a toll, and that money would be used elsewhere in the State for improvements. That is fundamen-tally unjust, Mr. Chairman. I am not opposing the concept of tolls, but that creates a real problem in terms of how the money is used and I think would break faith with really the American people. So I am opposing that. That is what my amendment would do, is stop this practice in this area. It is not that I oppose the concepts of a fee paid by the users of a resource. Let me be clear about that. The issue is that that fee then needs to be allo-cated towards the construction or the maintenance or upkeep of that re-source. There needs to be that nexus there. Honestly, we have issues on those two bridges that need to be addressed, and if those tolls were then diverted for use elsewhere, then we are going to have some major problems. So I am opposing this. My amend-ment would oppose this. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I understand the concern that has led to it about the practice of tolling or the possibility of tolling on two adjacent highways in two States. But the same kind of reasoning that applied, I think, to Mr. THOMPSON ’s amendment earlier would apply to this. This is not a decision for us to make on the floor of the House tonight. This is clearly a local matter. We don’t have any business micromanaging it. The States involved can have their own de-cisionmaking processes. They have their own ways of consulting with one another for that matter. Federal law has been pretty flexible on this for good reason. It has been flexible about tolling, about the treat-ment of existing toll-free roads for good reason. We have pressing infra-structure needs in this country. We have great need for flexibility in the way we fund infrastructure improve-ments. I relayed earlier the kind of decision we made in North Carolina. It was not particularly our first choice to have a toll road, but the alternative was wait-ing 20 years, so we have a toll road. Others will make other decisions. But it is not our place to preempt those de-cisions, let alone in an appropriations bill. Mr. Chairman, I do oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, to the speaker’s point, I do under-stand, but Interstate 5 and Interstate 205 are highways with significant Fed-eral interests. They are Federal high-ways. These are not backwoods roads. These are not even State routes. These are Federal highways. The I–5 corridor is over 13,050 miles with an average daily traffic of 71,000 and a maximum of 300,000 vehicles. So it is a pretty major Federal investment. Here is the thing: levying tolls is one thing. That is something this body does. I think user fees are fundamen-tally a fair concept, but we need to apply them fairly. Any attempt to levy tolls on I–205 or I–5 at the Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:54 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00402 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.068 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7059 September 6, 2017 
State line, the lion’s share would be paid by Washington commuters to pay for infrastructure improvements that these commuters then wouldn’t benefit from. This is where I feel like this is unfair in the extreme. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2130 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, this is an interesting question about an opportunity for people in a region to try and craft a solution. I have been working with people in Clark County for 40 years, because this has been a serious problem between Portland and Vancouver, Oregon and Washington. The gentlewoman may have noticed that this is a serious problem for her constituents. In fact, they pay more of the burden in terms of congestion and lost opportunity for economic develop-ment. I hear about it all the time from businesses in our communities. There is no solution to this conges-tion problem without either investing money or sending some pricing signals to try and change some behaviors. Not everybody has to cross the I–205 and I– 5 freeway at 8:30 in the morning and 5:30 in the evening. What has been proposed in Oregon is to look at alternatives. I am not going to prejudge what it is, but I would no-tice that there is a yearlong process that is underway, including people on the other side of the river, because we have always worked with Clark County and previously with the legislators in the State of Washington and people in Congress to try and figure out how we work together. We are one region. There are 60,000 people who work in Or-egon every day who have to negotiate a really troublesome area. The Federal Government is still try-ing to pay for 2017 infrastructure with 1993 dollars. We haven’t raised the gas tax since 1993, when States around the country have been stepping up, includ-ing in Washington and Puget Sound. Voters are expressing their own frus-tration and taxing themselves to solve these problems. The Federal Government has been missing in action. In fact, many of my friends on the Republican side of the aisle are looking at creative programs for public-private partnerships. There were 26 Senators who talked about de-volving the interstate freeway system and the Federal transportation part-nership to the States. For us to swoop in when the Federal Government has been missing in action and try to help the gentlewoman’s con-stituents and mine and to try and pull the rug out from underneath, an ap-proach that may have some potential and would in fact require voter sup-port, I think, is an egregious over-reach. I may have missed it, but I haven’t heard the gentlewoman’s proposals to pay for solutions for her constituents. I have offered some. We are working on the Oregon side. Occasionally, we have had some partnerships with the State of Washington, who collapsed the pro-posal for a Columbia crossing because they weren’t willing to put any money on the table. For the Federal Govern-ment to intervene and take away this option I think is outrageous and it is wrong. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-man, I would like to inquire as to the time remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Washington has 2 minutes re-maining. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair, I will make this brief. I think a lot of the points the gen-tleman from Oregon made are valid, and I don’t reject them at all. I think we need to come up with solutions to pay for these things. We need to fix the congestion issue. We are one region, and we need to work together. I completely agree with all of that, which is why the scheme that was put together to tax one portion, essentially charge a toll on Washington com-muters who are paying into the Port-land and Oregon economy through their income taxes already and using that money collected from those tolls not on the bridge, not on the Columbia River crossing, the area where we all agree we need to find a solution, but using it elsewhere in the State is fun-damentally unfair. He made my point. That is the problem. It is not that I oppose the idea of tolls. We are going to have to bring something to the table. I am not afraid to advocate for that. That is not the issue here. Even within this commis-sion, they are going to be looking at other ways to fund their projects throughout the State. That is great. It is fundamentally unfair to pick the pocket of working people who don’t even have a right to redress Oregon’s government. They don’t get to vote. So to take their money because you can smacks of really being a bully. That is what I am against; that is what is un-fair; that is what I won’t stand for; and that is why I am offering this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ER-
RERA BEUTLER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 54 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Each amount made available by this Act for title II of division H (other than an amount required to be made available by a provision of law) is hereby reduced by 2 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for their collaborative effort to bring this bill forward. As we all know, we are heading to-wards $20 trillion in debt. One of the agencies that I think has been criti-cized for a long period of time, to a cer-tain extent for incompetence and to a certain extent wondering whether a lot of their functions are even things ap-propriate for the Federal Government, is the Department of Housing and Urban Development. President Trump, who got elected to look out for our children and our grandchildren, proposed cutting this budget overall by 18 percent. I com-mend President Trump for trying to look out for our children and grand-children. The Appropriations Committee has shaved that reduction to 1 percent. The purpose of my amendment is to in-crease it to approximately a 3 percent reduction, only about one-sixth of the reduction that President Trump want-ed. Since we last met in July, we have gone through two hurricanes. We al-ready voted on an $8 billion appropria-tion. We know that is just a small downpayment on the new obligations that we are going to have. I would ask this House to increase that 1 percent reduction to a 3 percent reduction, which is what we have here. I think that is very modest. It is not at all what the President wanted. It is just one-sixth of what the President wanted. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, we have taken a responsible and thor-ough approach to HUD’s funding. We have actually reduced HUD’s budget by $487 million below last year. We have done so while keeping as a priority, for example, housing assistance to the most needy among us: the elderly, the disabled, our veterans. This amend-ment would potentially hurt some of these vulnerable citizens. Again, the across-the-board approach goes against, frankly, what I think we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:21 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00403 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.167 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7060 September 6, 2017 
have to be doing in government, which is do the tough work and go line by line and identify lower priority or func-tioning programs for reductions so that we can then target resources to where they are actually most needed. Let me just give you a few examples, Mr. Chairman, of where we have tar-geted resources: CDBG, veterans’ voucher renewals, vouchers for the dis-abled. I cannot agree to an amendment that would, again, cut those programs across the board. Also, another issue, which I know is not the Honorable Member’s intent, but I understand CBO has scored this amendment at zero savings. If we had a lot of time, we could talk about why. So, again, it is actually not even achieving what the gentleman is trying to achieve. I do thank him for his passion in looking out for the taxpayers. I think that is a very needed thing here in Con-gress. But I respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . BARR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 55 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce— (1) the final rule entitled ‘‘On-Site Comple-tion of Construction of Manufactured Homes’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Fed-eral Register on September 8, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 53712 et seq.); (2) the ‘‘Interpretative Bulletin for Model Manufactured Home Installation Standards Foundation requirements in Freezing Tem-perature Areas Under CFR 3285.312(b)’’, pub-lished for comment in the Federal Register on June 21, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 28279 et seq.); and (3) the memorandum titled ‘‘Construction of On-Site Installation of Add-Ons, such as an Attached Garage’’ published by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development on June 12, 2014. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, as many of you know, manufactured homes are the only form of nonsubsidized housing that is directly regulated by HUD. Statute dictates that HUD is required to facilitate the availability of afford-able manufactured homes to increase homeownership for all Americans. Recently, the Department has im-posed excessive and contradictory reg-ulations on manufactured housing. HUD is impeding on some State func-tions, reinterpreting regulations to the detriment of longstanding and accepted building practices, and implementing rules that unnecessarily limit con-sumer choice and increase costs. As the primary regulator of manufac-tured housing, HUD should work with the industry, not against it, to ensure regulations are streamlined, cost-effec-tive, and applied fairly and trans-parently, while also working to keep manufactured housing as an affordable housing alternative for all American families. In central and eastern Kentucky and many other parts of rural America, manufactured housing offers a very af-fordable option and a good option for housing for many folks. For the life of me, I do not understand why the Fed-eral agency charged with the responsi-bility of providing affordable housing would be limiting choices and access to this very affordable and very good op-tion for housing for many rural Ameri-cans. My limitation amendment would fix three problems where HUD’s regulation of manufactured housing exceeds and, at times, even contradicts statutes. These three problems are intrusive in-stallation programs, burdensome and unnecessary onsite completion of con-struction rules, and shifting guidelines on alternative construction. Mr. Chairman, what I am offering here tonight is an important limitation amendment. Addressing these issues will help mitigate the ongoing negative impact that these regulations are hav-ing on access to affordable housing across America. I urge my colleagues to support this important work where Congress can work together to eliminate impedi-ments to the manufactured housing market so that all Americans can have access to affordable housing. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Our colleague does make solid points about the importance of manufactured housing, about the serv-iceability of it, about the access of it, about the affordability. There are many, many aspects about manufac-tured housing that lend themselves to our constituents at various income lev-els. He asks why we would possibly want any kind of consumer protections en-acted at the Federal level in this busi-ness, though. I think the answer to that is pretty obvious: It is about safe-ty and security. It is about protecting consumers who put good money down for these houses. That is not to say every rule, every protection is well-conceived. Possibly some need to be scrutinized and some need to be revised. But are we going to do it tonight on the floor of the House in an appropriations bill? I would hope not. That is not a good way to proceed. We, for one thing, have colleagues on the authorizing committee who have not had hearings, as far as I know, on these issues. We have not had people who live with these regulations in to talk about them or groups that look out for the consumers come in. We have very limited debate here to-night, with 5 minutes on each side. On that basis, we are going to wipe away carefully conceived consumer protec-tions in the area of manufactured hous-ing? b2145 Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues not to go down this path. That is not to say we shouldn’t consider these things. Congress, including the authorizing committees, and HUD should fully ex-amine the impact of these individual regulations before we jump the gun and make sweeping changes to existing pol-icy. I urge defeat of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s arguments in op-position. However, I would argue that the best consumer protection is com-petition and choice, and what these misguided regulations do is take away access, take away competition, take away choices for consumers. That is not consumer protection. It is cer-tainly not consumer protection to say to rural Americans looking for access to affordable housing: You can’t have access to a manufactured home. That is not consumer protection. That is hurting consumers. And what I would say also is that this is a bipartisan amendment. There are Members of the party on the other side of the aisle who recognize that in rural America and other places, we need a bipartisan fix to bureaucratic overreach, and these are new require-ments that are not thoughtfully con-ceived, as the gentleman would argue. In fact, these are new requirements imposed without warning, without any evidence of consumer harm, without any thoughtful process at the agency. So, again, I would urge my colleagues to join us in a bipartisan amendment to fix a bureaucratic overreach, which denies low-income Americans with ac-cess to affordable housing. Why in the world would we tolerate the agency that is supposed to be the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:21 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00404 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.170 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7061 September 6, 2017 
advocates of poor and low-income Americans denying them access to af-fordable housing? Support this bipartisan amendment, support low-income Americans, sup-port rural Americans, and support manufactured housing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, it is news to most of us, I expect, that consumer protections is incompatible with consumer choice. We offer protections of all sorts. In the case of housing, it is against predatory practices. As the houses are sold, it is against shoddy construction, it is against a race to the bottom in terms of quality that individual buyers may not be able to perceive. That compatibility of basic consumer protections and consumer choice is pre-sented every day in our marketplace, and I certainly don’t see why it should be absent here, although, as I said ear-lier, some of these rules may be up for scrutiny. It is just not that we are pre-pared to do it here tonight. I would also point out that the only type of housing that moves across State lines is manufactured housing, so that probably provides an additional argument as to why we should be par-ticularly diligent in dismantling Fed-eral protections. I urge rejection of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 56 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 642(a) of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373(a)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment is very straight-forward. It just requires that funds in Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Related Agencies only go to cities and States that uphold Federal law. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, immigration enforcement is a Federal responsibility. Local law en-forcement is not and should not be the long arm of ICE. And if it is perceived to be the long arm of ICE, it is going to be very difficult to work with the com-munity to do what needs to be done for local law enforcement and community protection. The end result would tear entire communities apart, would greatly hinder the ability of local law enforce-ment to effectively do their job. Furthermore, this amendment has no place in the T-HUD appropriations bill. The employees of the Department of Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment are not law enforcement. They do not routinely need to interact with Immigration and Customs En-forcement. This amendment would in-sert unnecessary controversy into the bill. It does nothing to improve trans-portation. It does nothing to provide housing for vulnerable Americans. It doesn’t change existing law, nor does it change the way HUD and DOT pro-grams are administered. The underlying bill has enough chal-lenges as written without adding some-thing of this moment and this divisive-ness. So I urge defeat of this needless and partisan distraction. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, the gentleman across the aisle is correct when he says that this does not change current law and it is just en-forcing current Federal law. I would just urge the body to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 57 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize the no-tice of proposed rulemaking entitled ‘‘Fed-eral Motor Vehicle Safety Standards; Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Regulations; Parts and Accessories Necessary for Safe Oper-ation; Speed Limiting Devices’’ published by the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration on September 7, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 61941). The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment would prohibit the use of funds for FMCSA and NHTSA— two agencies—to finalize their joint no-tice of proposed rulemaking mandating the use of speed limiting devices on heavy-duty trucks and buses. To support their proposal, FMCSA and the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration focused on the po-tential decrease in the severity of acci-dents. However, the severity of acci-dents is already trending downward, Mr. Chairman. As a matter of fact, the large truck- involved fatal crash rate per 100 mil-lion miles has dropped 74 percent since 1980. Bus-involved fatal crash rate per 100 million miles has dropped 71 per-cent since 1980 without the Federal Government’s involvement in speed limiting device. It is not clear that the mandate would further reduce these crashes. According to the FMCSA reports, 74.1 percent of truck-involved fatal crashes occur on noninterstates with speed limits lower than the proposed levels. So they are going to put the speed lim-iter on, but it is not even going to apply where the accidents happen. These are significant concerns that this mandate may actually increase the number of accidents. Studies have consistently shown that a higher vari-ance of vehicle speed increases acci-dent risk. It is not good to have some vehicles going slow and some going really fast in the same place. Speed limiters create speed differen-tials among vehicles. As interaction among these vehicles increases, so does the likelihood of more accidents. Speed limiters will result in lost pro-ductivity, necessitating more heavy- duty vehicles on the road to support current demand because they won’t be able to get the product where they want to get it to because they are all going to be going slower, mandated by the Federal Government. Thank good-ness the Good Idea Fairy from the Fed-eral Government showed up where no-body asked them to. Finally, this proposal disregards the authority of States to determine speed limits within their borders. Again, thank goodness the Federal Government is here to tell all 50 States how to run their railroads and run their highways and their speed limits. If speed limiters led to fuel savings and increased safety, the market will incentivize the use of these devices. The market does this and does it well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:21 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00405 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.173 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7062 September 6, 2017 
and does it best. However, it is not their role. This is not the role of the Federal Government to mandate their use. Mr. Chairman, I am not asking for less money or more money. I am ask-ing you to save money and save free-dom for the American people, make sure their products get to their homes on time, and to get the Federal Gov-ernment out of the way of one truck trying to pass another one, one doing 54 and another one doing 54.1 miles an hour for 20 miles up the highway. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, the facts are pretty clear about this matter. A thousand people die on our highways each year because of speeding trucks. The technology that limits speeding by large trucks is already installed and successfully de-ployed by many trucking companies across this country. We know that high speeds in large trucks are a deadly combination. A 2012 study by the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration found that trucks without a speed limiting device had twice as many speed-related crash-es as those who had a speed limiter in-stalled. Those are the facts. Pretty in-controvertible, I believe. So on the basis of this, quite rightly, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration have a rulemaking under way, a careful rule-making looking at all the evidence, and the proposal is here tonight that we upend that, that we on the floor of this House, with 5 minutes of consider-ation on each side, that we abrogate unto ourselves the decision to upend this safety rule. This is technology that saves lives. The evidence is very clear. What that exact rule should look like in the end, we don’t know, but we do know that to completely set aside the rulemaking process in such a vital area is reckless and irresponsible. This amendment should be rejected. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, the facts are clear that, as I stated, large truck- involved fatal crashes per 100 million miles has dropped 74 percent since 1980, before speed limiters were even avail-able. Bus-involved fatal crashes per 100 million miles has dropped 71 percent since 1980, before all this happened. Somehow the private sector doesn’t want to crash their trucks, and if the private sector and certain companies want to install the speed limiters, they do that because they don’t want to crash their trucks. Guess what, folks. Most people don’t want to crash their trucks. Another thing. You know, we love these agencies to do the things that we don’t want to do, apparently, and then we create them, and then they do things that we don’t want them to do, and we say: Well, we abrogate to our-selves. Yeah, we were duly elected by the citizens of this country to run the country. They didn’t elect any of these people to come up with these rules. They don’t want them. So I am here to defend the people that want freedom and don’t want nameless, faceless, ac-count-less bureaucrats running our lives. And this is one instance where they are doing it. Mr. Chairman, I ask for positive con-sideration of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. b2200 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 58 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available to the Department of Transportation by this Act may be obligated or expended to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the require-ments of section 31137 of title 49, United States Code, or any regulation issued by the Secretary pursuant to such section, with re-spect to the use of electronic logging devices by operators of commercial motor vehicles, as defined in section 31132 of such title. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would delay the implemen-tation and enforcement of the elec-tronic logging device mandate, cur-rently set to go into effect this Decem-ber 18, until the end of the next fiscal year, September 30, 2018. But while this amendment is cer-tainly about trucking, truckers, and the businesses and jobs that depend on them, I think it speaks to something more, something that all of us, who have the privilege of serving here in the people’s House, are absolutely here to do. Reducing the regulatory burdens put in motion by previous administrations is one of our most important jobs here in Congress: to encourage entrepre-neurship and create jobs in America. This ELD mandate is one such regu-lation. I am honored to stand with the inde-pendent truckers, our Nation’s agri-culture producers, and countless small businesses to offer this bipartisan amendment and fight on their behalf. More than 30 associations have en-dorsed this. Let’s make something clear: my amendment will not ban ELDs, and it will not repeal the mandate from going into effect at a future date. All my amendment does is delay the mandatory requirement that almost every interstate hauling truck will have to pay for and install one of these devices by the end of this year. For those who have already installed an ELD and are satisfied with it, my message is simple: if you like your ELD, you can keep your ELD. While it is too late to use the Con-gressional Review Act on this regula-tion, it is not too late to act. Passage of this amendment and the underlying bill will set us on the course to protect small businesses and prevent a major disruption to the freight and shipping network just 1 week before this Christmas. To all of my colleagues on the Appro-priations Committee, I say thank you for section 132 of this bill, which al-ready provides relief from the ELD mandate for livestock haulers. Please join me now to give relief to all Amer-ican truckers. And to all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I say another year will give the President time to nomi-nate and confirm a full-time Director of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, allow for waivers and exemptions to be examined and adju-dicated, and alleviate the sticker shock for installation and compliance facing small trucking companies this Decem-ber 18. We may disagree on many sorts of issues, but we will all go home on the weekend to districts where small busi-nesses are the very backbone of our local communities and our economy. Let’s give them a hand. Let’s take an-other year and get this thing right. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Truck crash deaths in this country have increased significantly in recent years. That should be the backdrop of this discussion. 4,067 people were killed in crashes involving large trucks in 2015 alone. That is a 20 percent increase since 2009. And studies show that driver fatigue—that is what this amendment is all about, driver fatigue—is an im-portant part of the problem. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board repeat-edly have recommended that all trucks and buses be equipped with ELDs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:21 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00406 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.177 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7063 September 6, 2017 
In 2012, Congress decided to take strong action to address this problem and passed a requirement for the use of ELDs with bipartisan support as a part of the MAP–21 legislation. Supporters of this amendment say that the enforcement community is not ready to begin enforcement by De-cember 18. That is really not the case. And it is also true that inspectors aren’t going to pull truckers out of service for noncompliance until April 1 of next year. That is a considerable grace period. It will give the trucking and the enforcement community ample time to adjust to the mandate. The Department of Transportation has estimated that the benefits adopt-ing ELDs to be over $1 billion. So im-plementing the mandate makes finan-cial sense, and it certainly makes sense in terms of the safety of our people, the safety on our roads. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition of this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I would answer that some of the companies with the worst safety records have had a full slate of ELDs in their fleet for many years. There is evidence abso-lutely to the contrary of what the gen-tleman just said. Also, the Obama administration, who signed this bill into law during a time when the House was Republican and the Senate was Democrat—the Depart-ment of Transportation estimates that the cost of compliance for this man-date is over $2 billion. That comes from the previous administration itself. So I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to give re-lief to the small businesses. Three out of four truckers are in favor of delay-ing the implementation of this man-date. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to Mr. B
ABIN’s amendment, which delays FMCSA’s electronic logging device rulemaking. While well intentioned, this delay will endanger public safety by giving com-mercial vehicle operators the ability to exceed the Federal hours of service limits. In 2012, Congress passed the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act, or MAP–21, which instructed the FMCSA to issue a rulemaking requir-ing the use of ELDs in commercial ve-hicles. Congress again reaffirmed the ELD requirement in the FAST Act and fiscal year 2016 appropriations. The American Trucking Association was in lockstep with Congress at each in-stance, and thousands of fleet owners across the country have taken steps to adopt this technology and train their drivers as Congress intended. After 5 years, FMCSA has completed this rulemaking, and has done so in the proper way: by conferring with indus-try and Congress and holding public meetings in advance of implementa-tion. I can appreciate that my friends in agriculture industry—some of my clos-est friends—I serve on the Agriculture Committee, as well as the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee— would like to see a delay of the ELD rule. Instead of this amendment being a catch-all delay, perhaps my friend could have structured a more precise exemption for those in niche segments of transportation, like agriculture. That is a policy many would have con-sidered supporting, including myself. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. CRAWFORD. In closing, Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose this well-in-tentioned amendment—a policy that secured nearly unanimous support in our conference when it was enacted— and work with an administration that understands smart, consumer safety- minded regulations like this. We can work with the President, Sec-retary Chao, and others at FMCSA to address some of the concerns my friend from Texas has without undoing the progress that has been made to ensure our highways are safer with ELDs. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I have great respect for my colleague, Mr. B
ABIN, who introduced this amend-ment, and I understand his intentions. I just believe that it is too late in the game to be changing this rule. There are many companies who have invested in this technology. We seem to have a problem in Con-gress where we can’t give clear direc-tion to businesses, and, therefore, it creates a lot of uncertainty. They sometimes make investments and the rules change. This will be a time when the rules would change before this in-vestment would even be made. There have been specific issues, like livestock, that have been addressed al-ready in committee. Mr. Chairman, again, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, in answer to my colleagues from Arkansas, I ap-preciate what they are saying. How-ever, the truth is that there is a lot of confusion. This is a mandate. Many of us came to Congress to roll back these types of mandates and this type of regulatory bureaucracy, which stifles entrepre-neurship and the creation of jobs. We are not trying to do away with this mandate. What we are trying to do is delay it so that we can adjudicate, study, and let people find out exactly how much it will cost because there are some disputes there. If you like your ELD, you can keep your ELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 59 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for a new hire who has not been verified through the E- Verify program. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, this is an E-Verify amendment. It was offered in the previous segment of this appropriation bill as well. What it does, it just simply rein-states and clarifies Federal law, the re-quirement to use E-Verify in the forms of all Federal contracting. Under this T-HUD bill, that is what would apply. We have run into cases where there has been, let’s say, concerns that the Federal agencies are not uniformly and consistently abiding by Federal law. This says that the funds will not be used for new hires, unless they are verified through the E-Verify program. The E-Verify program—we worked this now for quite a few years, brought to us by K
ENCALVERT of California— even though in its early days it hit a couple of bumps in the road, it has got-ten better and better. We use it, I have used it, it is efficient, and it is not time-consuming at all. This reiterates Federal law. In fact, the Federal Acquisition Regulation Act of 2009 reinforces and requires that compliance be there for new hires, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:21 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00407 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.181 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7064 September 6, 2017 
to use E-Verify on all new hires af-fected by this appropriations bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge this adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this needless, divisive, and, indeed, provoca-tive amendment. President Bush, long ago, ordered Federal agencies to comply with E- Verify. That was in 2007. I have seen no indication that the Trump administra-tion intends to rescind this order. This amendment, if it only applies to hiring at Federal agencies, would do nothing, absolutely nothing. So why is it before us? What is the purpose here tonight? Is it possibly a political pur-pose? What the amendment does do, in fact, is to insert unnecessary con-troversy into this bill. It does nothing to improve transportation, and it does nothing to provide housing for vulner-able Americans. The underlying bill, one would think, has enough challenges, as written, without this gratuitous amendment. Mr. Chairman, I urge defeat of this distraction, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, in response to the gentleman’s comments, I am not at all convinced that it is needless. The reports that I am getting are that E-Verify has not been ade-quately enforced, especially at the con-tractor and subcontractor level. This is Congress reminding those who consume Federal dollars and Federal contracting under this T-HUD appro-priations bill that they shall comply with the law that was referenced by the gentleman. I don’t know why it would be divisive, if it is Federal law, and needless, supposedly. Let’s go ahead and pass this and re-mind those that follow Federal law and this debate won’t happen next year. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, the E-Verify amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 295 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 15 by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. Amendment No. 17 by Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. Amendment No. 25 by Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK of California. Amendment No. 32 by Mr. B
UDD of North Carolina. Amendment No. 33 by Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. Amendment No. 38 by Ms. ROSEN of Nevada. Amendment No. 39 by Mr. G
ROTHMAN  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 46 by Mr. G
ROTHMAN  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 51 by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. Amendment No. 54 by Mr. G
ROTHMAN  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 56 by Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. Amendment No. 58 by Mr. B
ABIN of Texas. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. b2215 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 241, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 445] AYES—176 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) NOES—241 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:21 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00408 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.184 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7065 September 6, 2017 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Franks (AZ) Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Pittenger Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rush Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
b2239 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Messrs. LAWSON of Florida, KELLY of Penn-sylvania, MURPHY of Pennsylvania, DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and DUFFY changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. FLORES, ROGERS of Ken-tucky, and DAVIDSON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chair, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 445. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chair, on rollcall vote No. 445, I incorrectly voted ‘‘no.’’ I would like to re-flect that I intended to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF VICTIMS OF  
HURRICANE HARVEY  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R YANof Wis-consin). The Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a mo-ment of silence. The Chair asks that the body now ob-serve a moment of silence in memory of the victims of Hurricane Harvey. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, 2-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 141, noes 279, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 446] AYES—141 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gianforte Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Handel Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mooney (WV) Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (IA) NOES—279 
Adams Aguilar Bacon Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hoyer Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Franks (AZ) Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia) (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2245 Messrs. PITTENGER, POLIS, and ROHRABACHER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . 
MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 140, noes 280, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 447] AYES—140 
Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cooper Costello (PA) Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Ferguson Flores Foxx Gaetz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00409 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.076 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7066 September 6, 2017 
Gallagher Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Handel Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Labrador Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Love Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (TX) Stewart Thornberry Tiberi Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—280 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comer Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Correa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hill Hoyer Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rosen Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Franks (AZ) Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2249 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . BUDD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 159, noes 260, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 448] AYES—159 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Budd Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Crawford Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman O’Halleran Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Taylor Thornberry Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho NOES—260 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hoyer Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00410 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.080 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7067 September 6, 2017 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Brady (TX) Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Franks (AZ) Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2253 Mr. PALAZZO and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 445, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 446, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 447, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 448. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 128, noes 293, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 449] AYES—128 
Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer Farenthold Ferguson Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McClintock McHenry McSally Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Trott Wagner Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) NOES—293 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—12 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2257 Mr. GROTHMAN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . ROSEN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 200, noes 220, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 450] AYES—200 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00411 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.081 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7068 September 6, 2017 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOES—220 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Garrett Gohmert Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2300 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 450, I mistakenly voted ‘‘nay,’’ where I meant to vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 124, noes 295, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 451] AYES—124 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Chabot Cheney Coffman Comer Conaway Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mooney (WV) Norman Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—295 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00412 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.084 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7069 September 6, 2017 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Scott, David Shuster Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2303 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 139, noes 282, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 452] AYES—139 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Comer Conaway Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Zeldin NOES—282 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—12 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2306 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 241, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 453] AYES—180 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00413 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.095 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7070 September 6, 2017 
Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—241 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—12 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2309 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 140, noes 280, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 454] AYES—140 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—280 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00414 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.097 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7071 September 6, 2017 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2312 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 225, noes 195, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 455] AYES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—195 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Palazzo Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2315 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 246, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 456] AYES—173 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Davidson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meehan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00415 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.098 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7072 September 6, 2017 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Valadao Vela Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—246 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCarthy McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—14 
Bridenstine Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Demings Garrett Huffman Lieu, Ted Mullin Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2320 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 3354, DEPART-MENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVI-RONMENT, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–297) on the resolution (H. Res. 504) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 500 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) kindly resume the chair. b2323 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. MARSHALL  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 58 printed in part B of House Report 115–295 by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) had been dis-posed of. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTER OF TEXAS  
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 500, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I rise to offer en bloc No. 3 as part of the consid-eration of Division E of H.R. 3354. A list of amendments included in the en bloc is at the desk and has been agreed to by both sides. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 61, 62, 64, 65, 67, 68, 69, 72, 73, 79, 82, 86, and 89, printed in part B of House Report Number 115–295, offered by Mr. C
ARTER of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  Page 635, line 9, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. Page 659, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. Page 661, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 635, line 9, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 645, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  Page 635, line 9, after the first dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 659, line 7, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 659, line 19, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . HIGGINS OF  
NEW YORK  Page 635, line 9, after the first dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 669, line 10, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
OF MARYLAND  Page 635, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $76,400,000)’’. Page 668, line 6, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $42,300,000)’’. Page 668, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $34,100,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . BILIRAKIS  
OF FLORIDA  Page 635, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 643, line 11, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
OF NEW JERSEY  Page 635, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00416 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.100 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7073 September 6, 2017 
Page 659, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 661, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE OF  
MICHIGAN  Page 640, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. Page 659, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. Page 660, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. Page 660, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . CORREA OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 640, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 643, line 11, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . LATTA OF  
OHIO Page 657, line 15, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1) (re-duced by $1)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of division E (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used in contraven-tion of section 235B of the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . SEAN  
PATRICK MALONEY OF NEW YORK  At the end of division E (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to establish an an-chorage on the Hudson River between Yon-kers, New York and Kingston, New York. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of division E (before the spend-ing reduction account), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 44917 of title 49, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD ) each will control 10 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, and I also want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their support of an amendment that really is relevant right now. In Barnstable County, Massachusetts, a single coordinator for the FEMA com-munity rating system program is help-ing 11 of the 15 towns invest in a re-gional level mitigation to bring down flood insurance premiums for the peo-ple of Cape Cod. That coordinator is working to in-clude all 15 towns in the program and help residents achieve flood insurance discounts of up to 15 percent in year 1 alone. My amendment in this package would fund grants to help towns in other parts of the country partner to-gether and hire their own regional CRS coordinators. More local governments would be able to mitigate flood risk and lower the cost of premiums for residents in their areas. Nobody loses under this scenario. We make flood insurance more affordable, we encourage investment in flood miti-gation, and because of the cost-saving use of Federal dollars, the CBO reports this amendment will reduce the deficit by $5 million in 2018. It is such a really important time in our country when we face challenges of major storms and floods. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased the amendment was included in the en bloc, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this package. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), who is my good friend. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to add $5 million to expand the Visa Secu-rity Program which will fund two more high-risk visa security posts in the most volatile parts of the world. The global threat of radical Islamic extremism is very real and requires a robust vetting system to ensure those seeking to do us harm do not enter our borders. Despite success in our efforts to de-stroy ISIS, we know hot spots around the world serve as a breeding ground for radical ideology. That is why ex-panding our visa security program is paramount. In 2010, I questioned then-Homeland Security Secretary Napolitano about why the Visa Security Program hadn’t been accelerated and emphasized the need to take prompt action to bolster screening capabilities overseas. It remains a priority today. The Visa Security Program is a vital part of our antiterrorism efforts, and its success is essential because if we are not safe, nothing else matters. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this en bloc amendment and the underlying bill. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment No. 73 which is included in this en bloc package. My amendment would seek to allocate $10 million for additional K–9 teams for Customs and Border Protection. b2330 Many legal drugs that come into our country enter through our Nation’s port of entries. Last year, CBP seized 3.3 million pounds of narcotics. Trained canine teams were keys to these suc-cesses. Yet when it comes to canine teams, U.S. border authorities are se-verely understaffed. I thank my colleagues for including my amendment in this package. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The amendment I am offering today highlights a critical security concern that must be addressed in order to keep the American people safe. Over the past several years, terrorists in Europe and around the world have added vehic-ular attacks to their deadly arsenal. From Paris to Barcelona and Jeru-salem to London, terrorists have rented trucks and vans to commit hor-rible attacks, leaving hundreds dead and countless seriously injured. While the United States has yet to experience an attack on the scale of those that have occurred in Europe, we must do everything in our power to make sure that the individuals who do us harm do not eventually slip through the cracks. I believe the U.S. Department of Homeland Security should have the discretion to use its funds to explore partnerships with van and truck rental companies so that background checks may be conducted for individuals at-tempting to procure these vehicles. This amendment is a first step towards recognizing and addressing the poten-tial vulnerability of American citizens to these terrible attacks. It is my hope that I continue to work with the chairman as well as the Com-mittee on Homeland Security to pursue legislative measures that will address the vehicular attacks and actions so that we can guard against them. I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and my colleagues for their support. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support my amendment, which is included in this en bloc amendment, that would add $20 million for the Staffing for Ade-quate Fire and Emergency Response grants, also better known as SAFER grants. These are critical grants that basically help keep communities safe. Right now, in my hometown of Flint and in Saginaw, just up the road, we have 48 additional firefighters solely because of these grants. During the re-cess, I was able to go to these fire sta-tions, sit down especially with the new firefighters that have been hired, and talk to them about what it means for them to serve our community and to see some of the new equipment that they are able to have. This makes our communities safer. It is particularly special to me be-cause my grandfather was a fire chief. He was actually the first fire chief of Flint Township. I learned about service to community by seeing what he did to protect the community that we grew up in. This program supports safety in those communities. Without it, our citizens are less safe. I am pleased that this amendment was included in the en bloc amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00417 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.102 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7074 September 6, 2017 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, and I thank the manager of this bill, Judge C
ARTER from Texas, for in-cluding my amendment in the en bloc amendment. Let me explain it very simply. My amendment would help facilitate the Secretary of Homeland Security from being limited in their discretion for the utilization and enhancement of the use of Federal air marshals on in-bound international flights considered to be high risk by the Department of Homeland Security. My amendment ensures that the Fed-eral Air Marshal Service effectively uses its funds to deploy personnel on inbound flights that are considered high risk by the Department of Home-land Security and that there is no limit on that ability. I believe that Federal air marshals are the last line of defense in some in-stances in defending the cockpit and aircraft cabin against terrorist at-tacks. We know that airlines, air-planes, aviation still remains a very at-tractive target, as evidenced over the years, by terrorists. As the former chairwoman of the Transportation Security Committee, I have worked over the years and spon-sored legislation to ensure we had enough air marshals who receive all the requisite training to effectively se-cure aircraft. Let me say that all of our individuals are important to the Department of Homeland Security. I ask my col-leagues to support this amendment. I thank my colleagues for putting it in the en bloc, and I ask for its support. Mr. Chair, let me thank Subcommittee Chairman C
ARTER and Ranking Member R OY-
BAL-ALLARD for their leadership on this impor-tant legislation and for the opportunity to ex-plain my amendment. Thank you for this opportunity to explain my amendment, which simply prohibits any funds in the Homeland Appropriations Act from being used to limit the discretion of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to enhance the use of Federal air marshals on inbound inter-national flights considered to be high risk by the Department of Homeland Security. My amendment ensures that the Federal Air Marshal Service effectively uses its funds to deploy personnel on inbound flights that are considered high risk by the Department of Homeland Security and that there is no limita-tion on that ability. I believe that Federal Air Marshals are the last line of defense in defending the cockpit and aircraft cabin against terrorist attack. As the former Chair and a current member of Homeland Security Transportation Security Subcommittee, I have worked over the years and sponsored legislation to ensure that we have enough air marshals and that they re-ceive all the requisite training to effectively se-cure aircraft. To best protect our Nation from terroristic threat it is of extreme importance that we use the necessary funds to support the use of Federal Air Marshalls on inbound international flights. Make no mistake—the threat to our aviation system from aircraft inbound to the United States from foreign airports is serious and dangerous. Following the capture and killing of Osama Bin Laden, intelligence was gathered that sug-gests that Al Qaeda still has an interest in at-tacking the U.S., likely through transportation modes. This fact, coupled with the numerous sus-picious activities even on domestic aircraft where passengers were attempting to open cabin doors in flight or otherwise disrupt flights, is of concern. While my amendment deals with the threat on inbound aircraft to the U.S., its ultimate im-pact will be to ensure that air marshals are as-signed to the highest-risk flights. It simply prohibits funds from being used to limit the discretion Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to enhance air marshal coverage on in-bound high-risk flights in accordance with the Department’s risk model. The terroristic threats are ever changing and we must allow the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to make the necessary adjustments to protect the American people. This is not a funding issue or people issue, rather a security issue and this amendment is budget neutral. Let me thank those who at the Department of Homeland Security and its component agencies for their service, including my friends at the Transportation Security Administration. Let me thank all Federal Air Marshals for their service to our nation. I ask my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 89. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. TORRES ). Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to this appro-priations bill. Section 235(b) of the INA requires that any individual who arrives at a U.S. port of entry and asks to apply for asylum must be granted an interview with an asylum officer. That is the law. It does not say our borders are open, but it does say that we do not turn away asylum seekers at our borders. However, in recent months, NGOs have documented many cases where Customs and Border Protection offi-cials have turned away asylum seekers at ports of entry. These actions are clearly prohibited by section 235(b). My amendment would simply prevent any use of funds to violate section 235(b). Our taxpayer dollars should not be used to break the law. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Delaney-Donovan amendment to restore funding for three vital laboratories operated by the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Technology Directorate: the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center, the Chemical Security Analysis Center, and the Na-tional Urban Security Technology Lab-oratory. These laboratories work to counter biological and chemical threats and support our Nation’s first responders. I have had the opportunity, Mr. Chairman, to visit NUSTL, located in New York City, which, since 2009, has been serving as the testing and evalua-tion laboratory for the first responder community. Additionally, NUSTL acts as a technical adviser and performs re-search and development. I have seen the remarkable resources NUSTL pro-vides to our first responders and how closing it would greatly impact first responders’ capabilities. Given the current threat environ-ment, now is not the time to be cutting Federal resources to counter chemical and biological threats and support of our first responders. I appreciate the very difficult job Chairman CARTER and members of the Appropriations Committee had in crafting the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill. I appre-ciate their working with me and Mr. D
ELANEY to ensure these vital labs re-ceive funding. As the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, which has over-sight of the Science and Technology Directorate, I urge all Members to sup-port this amendment. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
AR-
TER). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 635, line 9, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (in-creased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, my amendment prioritizes funding to study the treat-ment of detainees and the conditions of private immigration detention centers. ICE is increasing apprehensions and putting immigrant communities at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00418 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.213 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7075 September 6, 2017 
higher risk of apprehension, detention, and deportation. At the same time, the Trump administration has lowered de-tention standards when signing con-tracts with private facilities. This has led to the highest number of deaths in ICE custody since 2011. We have seen a complete disregard for civil and constitutional rights of detainees, many of whom are torn from their families without basic due proc-ess protections. These facilities are not holding prisoners. They are holding asylum seekers who risked everything to start a better life. They are holding hardworking community members. They are holding family members: mothers, fathers, and children. Information regarding detention fa-cilities is already inconsistent, out-dated, and, frankly, overall lacking in transparency. Medical neglect, poor treatment by guards, sexual abuse, and even in-custody deaths plague numer-ous facilities across the country. Even worse, repeat offending private prison companies continue to receive lucra-tive contracts for additional facilities. We have to have an objective and transparent review of these private im-migration detention centers. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ for my amendment to ensure that de-tainees are treated humanely and pro-vided basic due process protections. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 66 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 635, line 9, after the first dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 636, line 17, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 643, line 11, after the first dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $535,184,000)’’. Page 643, line 15, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $535,184,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, my amendment will eliminate $535 million in new funding for ICE officers and pro-vide $30 million to the DHS Office of Inspector General and $10 million to the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. Simply put, my amendment makes it clear that we must increase oversight and accountability over the Department of Homeland Security. Reports of unlawful turnbacks of asy-lum seekers have only increased. The May 2017 Human Rights First report, ‘‘Crossing the Line,’’ flagged 125 inci-dents where asylum seekers were de-nied full access to the process. Just last month, the American Immigration Council and others filed a class action lawsuit challenging CBP’s continued practice of turning back asylum seek-ers requesting protection at ports of entry. The Trump administration’s anti-im-migrant rhetoric and policy appear to have emboldened the CBP practice. CBP personnel also reportedly stated: ‘‘Donald Trump just signed new laws saying there is no asylum for anyone ...  ‘ ’  We have also heard reports of CBP turning away asylum seeks through threats, coercion, and intimidation. CBP reportedly threatened to take away asylum seekers’ children unless they left the port of entry and let loose dogs unless they exited the port of entry. We have also heard CBP turning away asylum seekers through verbal and physical abuse. CBP reportedly threw an asylum seeker’s 6-year-old daughter to the ground and knocked a transgender asylum seeker to the floor and then stepped on her neck. These are not only unconscionable, Mr. Chairman, they may violate U.S. and international law. They violate the Immigration and Nationality Act, which guarantees the right of an indi-vidual present within the United States or arriving at a U.S. port of entry to apply for asylum. Also, they may violate the principle of non-refoulement, articulated in the 1951 Refugee Convention and enshrined in U.S. law in the 1967 Protocol Relat-ing to the Status of Refugees. This pro-hibits the return of asylum seekers to a country where their lives or freedom would be threatened on account of pro-tected ground. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ROY-
BAL-ALLARD ), ranking member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee. b2345 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I want to express my strong sup-port for the gentlewoman’s amend-ment. As I said during general debate, the increases of the bill for ICE’s en-forcement, detention, and removal op-erations are excessive. They support an overly aggressive immigration enforce-ment approach that is tearing apart families and communities, and it is un-necessary for national security or pub-lic safety. The cut to ICE operations in support by this amendment would leave suffi-cient funding for ICE to carry out its responsibilities humanely and fairly, and the increases the amendment pro-poses for the Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties and the Office of the In-spector General are clearly needed to ensure appropriate oversight of the De-partment’s activities. I urge my col-leagues to support the Jayapal amend-ment. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, the proposal to cut ICE funding for enforcement of immigration laws and removal of those here illegally will endanger the safety of the American people and convey to bad actors that the rule of law no longer exists in the United States, leading to increased border crossings and even more illegal aliens in the United States. Cutting funding for beds will lead to the release of criminal and other re-movable aliens into communities across the country and weaken the United States border security. I ask you to join me in opposing this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I would like to just remind my col-leagues again that ICE has plenty of money to carry out their activities. What we are asking for through this amendment is to have some oversight and accountability to make sure that we are not seeing the kind of abuse and turn backs that we have been seeing. Let me just remind my colleagues of the grave and critical need on one level to address sexual assault and abuse in detention. Between May 2014 and July 2016, the Office of the Inspector General re-ceived, at minimum, 1,016 reports of sexual abuse and detention. In other words, they received more than one complaint of sexual abuse each day over the course of 26 months. Accord-ing to CIVIC, a detention watchdog, only 2.4 percent of those complaints were investigated. So I could go on, Mr. Chairman, but I think what this amendment is trying to say is we desperately need to ensure that we use the funds that we are ap-propriating here, the funds that we are taking away, in order to make sure that we have accountability for the De-partment of Homeland Security, and to make sure, for example, that when we have Prison Rape Elimination Act reg-ulations to prevent sexual assault in immigration detention, that we have adequate funding to the Department of Homeland Security’s Civil Rights and Civil Liberties department so that they can carry out the audits to ensure that immigration detention facilities are in compliance with those regulations. Mr. Chairman, I hope that my col-leagues will accept that we still are going to have plenty of money for ICE to do its job, but we want to make sure we have accountability. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Sep 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00419 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\H06SE7.REC H06SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7076 September 6, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 70 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 636, line 17, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $25,600,000)’’. Page 681, line 7, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $33,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Chairman, my amendment re-stores critical funding to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s Office of Inspector General to ensure the effi-ciency and effectiveness of DHS oper-ations. Without this amendment, the OIG will have to reduce its workforce, significantly impairing its ability to complete its mission that everyone on this floor can agree is vital to our na-tional security. Mr. Chairman, these women and men work tirelessly to conduct audits, in-spections, and investigations that com-bat fraud, waste, and abuse in one of our Nation’s most critical agencies. With over 147 reports, 370 actions rec-ommended, and 836 investigations, DHS OIG has proven to be not only worthy of every penny, but also a place where dollars spent turn into dollars saved. I am proud to be surrounded by col-leagues on the House Homeland Secu-rity Committee who join me in sup-porting the mission of the OIG, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this amendment, which is crucial to our national security. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IG-
GINS). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Rep-resentative F
ITZPATRICK ’s amendment, which would restore necessary funds to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Office of Inspector General, to ensure that DHS is being run in the most accountable and cost-efficient way possible. I am in full support of the increases we have made to both Defense and Homeland Security spending. However, it is imperative that the programs ad-ministered by these agencies be oper-ated in a transparent manner that en-sures the responsible expenditure of the people’s treasure. In its most recent semiannual report, OIG reported that it recovered $77.8 million from its audits and investiga-tions and identified $32 million in ques-tionable cost. OIG investigations dur-ing this time also resulted in 86 ar-rests, 128 indictments, 55 convictions, and 19 personnel actions. This is a needed amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it and vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, first, I would like to thank Subcommittee Chairman C
ARTER and Ranking Mem-ber R
OYBAL -ALLARD , along with the House Homeland Security Committee and all their staff for the hard work on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of the amendment offered by my colleague and friend, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . The amendment restores critical funding to the DHS Office of Inspector General so it could meet its statutory mission. As a subcommittee chairman who oversees components of DHS, my duty is to first get the Department the re-sources it needs, and secondly, ensure these resources are used honestly and efficiently. DHS Office of Inspection General helps protect our resources by rooting out fraud, waste, and abuse by investigating and prosecuting misfea-sance and by exposing process ineffi-ciencies. I respectfully request that my colleagues support Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ’s good government amendment. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of Representa-tive F
ITZPATRICK ’s amendment. My ca-reer in the private sector required skills in identifying deficiencies in sys-tems and processes. When I look at the program, or lack thereof, with the financial systems modernization effort, beset by poor management and lack of transparency, my last course of action would be to throw more money at it. Good systems require a good plan. Currently there is no plan, no path for-ward, and no guarantee to the tax-payers that this money is well spent. This effort has already cost $133 mil-lion, 50 percent more than originally expected, and it has failed to accom-plish the designated task. When I go back to Kansas, I am ac-countable to every taxpaying con-stituent for every dollar spent in Wash-ington. Therefore, I support this amendment to shift those tax dollars from this inefficient program to the Department of Homeland Security’s Of-fice of Inspector General, which pro-tects those very same tax dollars. This money will provide operating funds to continue funding efficiencies and savings until a good plan is devel-oped for the Financial Services Mod-ernization effort. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and fiscal accountability to the American tax-payer. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 71 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 640, line 24, insert after the dollar amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, the underlying bill provides $5 million for the CBP Camera Technology Initiative. My amendment would simply double the funding for this initiative by providing an addi-tional $5 million for a total of $10 mil-lion. In 2015, CBP released the findings of a yearlong body-worn camera feasi-bility study, concluding that body- worn cameras would have ‘‘positive benefits.’’ The study found numerous benefits, including enhanced training capabili-ties through the utilization of footage as a learning tool; strengthened officer and agent performance and account-ability; reduced hostilities between of-ficers/agents and citizens; a reduction in the number of allegations and com-plaints; and increased officer and agent safety by influencing public behavior. Law enforcement agencies across the country are quickly adopting body- worn camera technology because they see similar benefits. However, body- worn cameras are expensive, so it is necessary to provide additional re-sources for CBP to deploy the tech-nology more effectively and in greater numbers. We need to ensure that we outfit as many Border Patrol agents with body cameras as we can for the current 19,000 agents, as well as the additional 5,000 Border Patrol agents this bill would provide for. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00420 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.220 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7077 September 6, 2017 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, my good friend from Texas, I know his heart is in the right place, but I have real concerns about the cost and the utilization of body cameras. We know that you have to preserve evidence. And once you have opened this door that there are expected to be body cameras on officers, then not only do you have to preserve every piece of film or production that comes out of that camera as a potential piece of evi-dence, and if you take that and mul-tiply it times the number of incidents that are going to occur as we go through a year, and then multiply that times however many years this agency lasts, you are talking about storing millions of gigs or whatever they are that have to be preserved to preserve potential evidence that could be used both by the defense and the prosecu-tion. And then in a case where there isn’t a body camera, it is going to be a jury argument that can be very effectively made by the defense about why isn’t there a body camera where there is a policy of having body cameras? b0000 But the real issue that I have with this is the cost of preserving the record continuously by law enforcement. I think people haven’t thought this out to what kind of additional cost this is going to be as you spread this out over the lifetime of an agency and all the agents that work for that agency. I know the reasons why people think body cameras are a good idea, and they fit that. But does it justify the storage cost that is going to be required to pre-serve the evidence that is manufac-tured by the body camera? That is the question I think we ought to consider, and that is the reason I op-pose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, earlier this year, DHS Secretary John Kelly told the Congressional Hispanic Caucus that he did not oppose requir-ing agents to wear body cameras, as long as Congress provides the nec-essary funding. My amendment would do just that. There are tremendous safety and ac-countability benefits to having video records of law enforcement inter-actions with the public, both for law enforcement officers and for the public. I would note that a few years ago, when we debated body cameras for law enforcement, at that time, the major-ity accepted my amendment to in-crease body camera funding for law en-forcement officers by $10 million. In fact, my hometown of San Antonio, I believe, now every patrol officer is out-fitted with a body camera. I respect the chairman’s concerns about the cost of storage, but I would ask the chairman and my colleagues to consider the fact that the cost of stor-age, this $10 million, is a small cost when we are talking about people’s lives. That could be the lives of the agents themselves or the lives of peo-ple that they interact with in the pub-lic. Law enforcement, by and large—put-ting aside CBP agents for now, police departments across the country have accepted this technology as not only the thing of the future, but the thing of the present, what they are using now. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I understand what my colleague wants: the 45,000 agents that could po-tentially be acquiring these cameras. Because the first thing you are going to have the first time you go before a judge and you use one of these body cameras in one case, the defense is going to be wanting to know why you are not using them in every case. They are going to be setting up a defense of the fact that the officers failed to meet their duty to preserve the record. So you take just 45,000 and 1 year of contacts. Granted, his $10 million isn’t going to get all of those guys cameras, but you started down the road to put-ting a camera on 45,000 agents. And then you have to store everything they produce of any contact that they have for the potential use in evidence by one or the other side in a legal proceeding. That is what concerns me. Joe Kelly is a good marine and a good Secretary, and I am sorry he is not with us anymore. But the reality is, if you sat in the courtroom and watched the preservation of evidence, you know this has the potential, both for law enforcement and for us, to be a mushroom that explodes in nuclear proportions. That is the only reason I raise this issue. I know the issues that they are try-ing to address, and they need to be ad-dressed. I am concerned about the fact that once you start down that road, you are constitutionally required to preserve evidence, and that will be costly. I will leave that up to our col-leagues as to how they feel about that. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, again, I understand those concerns. But just as we have cameras here, so that the public can listen to every word that is being said in this Cham-ber, it is important that when law en-forcement officers, including CBP offi-cers, are interacting with the public— and that includes many U.S. citizens, not just immigrants who are coming across the border or folks who are com-ing across checkpoints, but United States citizens and legal residents. And for the sake of the agents, who may also have false accusations made against them, that is why this is im-portant. Because there are sometimes accusations that are made that can be rebutted by this evidence. The American people, just as they want this process to be transparent, they want that process to also be transparent with as much account-ability as possible. And for the United States Congress not to move forward with that and commit what is really a poultry sum of $10 million and show a willingness to do that, I think is ignor-ing what most of the American people want. As I mentioned before, I worked with the San Antonio Police Department. They came to me and said: Will you help us get these body cameras? We put in a request for a grant. We got $1 million to cover the officers who were on patrol. I have not heard in San Antonio a complaint from those offi-cers about body cameras. And studies have shown that, as I mentioned, it has reduced the tension between law en-forcement officers and the public. I respect the gentleman, and I under-stand the arguments, but I think that, on a whole, this is a matter of trans-parency, accountability, and people’s lives, and we ought to do this. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I only want to lay out that there is a potential very large cost once this door is opened. That is my opposition to this. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MS . ROYBAL - 
ALLARD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 643, line 11, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $849,500,000)’’. Page 643, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $849,500,000)’’. Page 647, line 2, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $849,500,000)’’. Page 647, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $849,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment would increase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00421 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.223 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7078 September 6, 2017 
funding for the Coast Guard’s polar ice-breaker program by $850 million. The amendment is offset by a reduction to the funding for ICE’s interior immigra-tion enforcement. The increases for ICE hiring and de-tention beds are not well justified and do not have a security focus. In con-trast, the need for heavy icebreakers is very well documented. A recent report from the National Academy of Sciences warned that ‘‘the United States has insufficient assets to protect its interests, implement U.S. policy, execute its laws, and meet its obligations in the Arctic and Antarc-tica because it lacks adequate icebreaking capability.’’ Mr. Chairman, this vulnerability ex-ists because, currently, the Coast Guard has only one functioning heavy icebreaker, the Polar Star. Built in 1976, it is well past its 30-year expected operational life. It no longer has the reliability we need, and the cost to maintain it will continue to rise. Currently, its primary mission is to clear a path through the ice to our re-search facilities in Antarctica. This means the only icebreaking asset we have in the Arctic is the Coast Guard’s only medium class icebreaker, the Healy. The Polar Star is expected to con-tinue functioning for just 3 to 7 years. This will leave the United States with no heavy icebreaking capability. We are dangerously falling behind. Russia has 41 icebreakers focused on the Arctic that are active or under con-struction, four of which are heavy ice-breakers. This puts the United States at a tremendous disadvantage, since we are unable to operate in parts of the Arctic Ocean for months at a time. b0010 The National Academy of Sciences report goes on to recommend that: ‘‘The United States Congress should fund the construction of four polar ice-breakers of common design that would be owned and operated by the United States Coast Guard.’’ Mr. Chair, the fiscal year 2017 defense funding bill included $150 million for a Coast Guard heavy icebreaker as a downpayment on what is expected to be a nearly $1 billion price tag for the first ship. However, the National De-fense Authorization Act the House passed earlier this year includes a pro-vision prohibiting the Pentagon from using any fiscal year 2018 funds to ac-quire an icebreaker for the Coast Guard. An amendment to strike that provision failed on a recorded vote. The solution is to fund the next installment of funds directly through the Coast Guard. While the Coast Guard plans to sign an icebreaker acquisition contract in fiscal year 2019, it will release a request for proposal in mid-fiscal year 2018. By providing $850 billion in this bill, enough to cover the cost of one ice-breaker, we could help the Coast Guard get the shipbuilding started. Just think what we could accomplish here today. With this one amendment, we can put the United States on a path to securing our sovereign interests in the Arctic region. We cannot afford to delay any fur-ther. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment offered by Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, the proposal to cut ICE funding for en-forcement of immigration laws and re-moval of those here illegally will not only endanger the safety of the Amer-ican people, it will also convey to bad actors that the rule of law no longer exists in the United States, leading to increased border crossings and a grow-ing overall illegal alien population. Cutting funding for beds will lead to the release of criminal and other re-movable aliens into communities across the country and weaken the United States border security. The hiring of additional ICE agents is needed to protect our communities by preventing terrorism and reducing crime through the vigorous enforce-ment of immigration and custom laws. Restricting this hiring compromises ICE’s law enforcement mission, jeop-ardizing homeland security and public safety. Interior immigration enforcement is indispensable to national security and public safety. It cannot be separated from border security. A successful bor-der control and immigration system must be supported by the enforcement of all pertinent laws. Adding funds to procure another polar icebreaker, while a noble idea, is simply not practical at this time. The Coast Guard is still in the early stages of design and will not be ready to pro-cure the first icebreaker until late fis-cal year 2019 at the earliest. The funds will be unexecutable and, therefore, a waste of limited resources that we have. In addition, if you discuss with the border patrol about the biggest deter-rent we have, it is the threat of deten-tion. Mr. Chair, I ask that my colleagues join me in opposing this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I just want to emphasize the fact that my amendment still leaves ICE with enough money for 30,000 detention beds. They still have the capability to address the needs in their duties. I also want to emphasize the fact that although the money is not going to go out in fiscal year 2019, the re-quest for proposal will be in mid-fiscal year 2018; therefore, it is critical that those who will be bidding on these con-tracts know that, in fact, there is money available. Finally, I just need to emphasize one more time the fact that we are ex-tremely vulnerable in the Arctic at this time. There are times, as I said, where we have absolutely no presence whatsoever, while at the same time, Russia has a continuous presence in that area. Mr. Chair, it is critical that we sup-port this amendment and get the Coast Guard the icebreaker that they need. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I, too, agree with Ms. R
OYBAL - A
LLARD for the need for an icebreaker, that is not in dispute here, but to cut the beds to the proposed 30,000 that she said, in 2017, our number was 39,000 and change, and we have been over that this year, so we still have a real need for these beds, and that need, as I have stated before, is why I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 643, line 11, insert after the first dol-lar amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by ($10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, in its report accom-panying this bill, the Appropriations Committee states that: ‘‘ICE is cur-rently evaluating the use of body-worn cameras for potential use in its field enforcement activities, and notes that such cameras can be important tools for both holding law enforcement per-sonnel accountable and for exonerating officers accused of wrongdoing.’’ My amendment would support ICE’s use of body-worn cameras by providing $10 million exclusively for ICE to de-ploy this technology. The citizens of this country have come to expect law enforcement offi-cers to wear body cameras even when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00422 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.226 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7079 September 6, 2017 
enforcing immigration laws, and law enforcement agencies throughout the country are quickly adopting this tech-nology. Body-worn cameras are widely sup-ported, because they are important tools that improve officer interactions with the public, deescalate conflicts, and improve public trust in law en-forcement, but this tool is expensive, so we need to provide the resources ICE needs to get its program up and run-ning. The $10 million in this amendment mirrors the amount of money I am re-questing for border patrol agent cam-eras. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment of-fered by Mr. C
ASTRO . The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I made the statement previously when we discussed this that this could quick-ly escalate. We are escalating again by 19,000 more people who would ulti-mately be required to have cameras. Once again, without getting into what I just talked about, this is going to be a very costly item. We have something called chain of custody on evidence. ICE agents deal with some very serious issues, felony issues under Federal law. They have got a wide ju-risdiction, one of the widest jurisdic-tions of any agency, even wider than some like the FBI. So, once again, now that chain of custody on that camera, where that camera information passes from hand to hand, has to be kept in addition to the evidence so that if you are going to present it in court, you can prove the chain of custody. You just enhanced and expanded the amount of costs that it is going to take for an agent to go to trial. I know this is a very popular idea all over the country, because it has been very much supported by the media, but I really, in good faith, believe that peo-ple have not considered the evidentiary problems they are going to create for themselves by the presence of these cameras. b0020 We will find out fairly quickly as these cameras proliferate what the cost is going to be and what the informa-tion required is going to be by the courts. And maybe I am overantici-pating, but just now, we have gone from $44,000; we have added another $19,000, just in our agency. Now, mul-tiply that times every law enforcement entity in the United States and it be-comes an astronomical expense and something we need to think about, and think about hard. So, for those reasons, not because I don’t think it is a good idea to have congeniality between arresting officer and defendant or being able to prove where there is abuse. I agree with all those things. But I think you are creating a mon-ster evidentiarywise as you go forward with body cameras. We tried them back in the seventies, and they very quickly found that they were not a good idea, but I guess we will try them again. Anyway, for those reasons, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Again, Mr. Chairman, this is an issue, fundamen-tally, of transparency and account-ability; and the argument that I hear coming from the other side is that this is an evidentiary issue and that it is going to be too much of a hassle, so we don’t want to hear or see what is in these cameras or on this video. That cannot be a responsible approach to law enforcement or to our judicial sys-tem. I am asking in this amendment for $10 million. We spend more in furniture in this Chamber, in this House of Rep-resentatives, than the amount of money that I am requesting in this amendment. We spend more on Member travel every year than the amount of money that I am requesting in this amendment to make sure that both agents and the public are safer. Let me give you an example, one ex-ample of what body cameras recently found in Baltimore, Maryland. An officer was seen on camera, a body camera recorded an officer plant-ing drugs that he then pretended to find on a suspect. A week later, an-other officer was also found to be planting evidence. Are we saying to-night that the American people and our judicial system don’t want to see that evidence because of some storage problem? And, by the way, technology and the cloud have made storage a lot cheaper, so I think that information is out-dated. The argument on that side is outdated. To vote ‘‘no,’’ to recommend against this amendment, is to say that we are going to see no evil, hear no evil, and we are, instead, going to let both agents who may face false accusations, as they did, I’m sure, in the 1960s and 1970s and 1980s and 1990s, and others who were victims of the use of force in the 1970s, we are just going to turn a blind eye and continue that practice. That cannot be the policy of this Congress. That is not the future of the American judicial system and our po-licing system. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Well, I cer-tainly understand the example that the gentleman gave about officers planting dope, and it certainly did work. I can tell you, in my 20 years on the bench, we have had cameras on the dashboard of DPS troopers’ cars for 10 years, 20 years maybe, I don’t know, maybe the whole time I was there. But I have seen at least 15 of those prove the guilt of the defendant by his ac-tions in front of those cameras. So it is not just to catch dirty cops; it also catches people in criminal action. By the way, the action of that officer was a criminal action so, therefore, you have to preserve the evidence. My point is made by your very argument. You have to preserve the evidence. If you lose the evidence, you are going to lose the prosecution, and so you are going to have to keep it secure. If it passes from one hand to the other hand, it has to be tracked in a chain of custody. If it is secure on the—there is going to have to be some evidence of the se-curity of whatever web or whatever it is that it is on, or the cloud, that that is a secure cloud so that someone can’t have messed with the evidence while it is on the cloud. All of that is potential argument against conviction in a criminal case, and those ICE agents deal with serious criminal cases. I don’t think people have thought it out. If they have, then that is fine. Let’s spend that money. But it is going to be astronomical if we do it for every law enforcement agent in the country. I continue my opposition, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. People’s lives are at stake. When we talk about polic-ing practices and transparency, ac-countability, the use of body cameras, these things have made people safer in their communities. They have made law enforcement safer. The concern about what could hap-pen or what might happen, this tech-nology is already being widely used among police officers and police de-partments across the country. The chairman gave the example of the De-partment of Public Safety using dash cams. Dash cams have been used on law en-forcement vehicles for a long time, and that did not break the bank of the State of Texas. The State of Texas has a $10 billion rainy day fund right now, a surplus. $10 million, which is what this amendment requests, is a small amount of money compared to the amount of money that we spend on fur-niture in this place. Are we saying that we don’t want to discover whether somebody is planting evidence or whether somebody is making a false accusation against an ICE agent who is just trying to do his or her job, that, instead, we are going to turn a blind eye to that because we would rather spend it on leather seats or Member travel or something else? This is the future. These cameras are going to be used at some point by Bor-der Patrol, by ICE, by law enforce-ment. As I said, law enforcement stepped forward and requested my as-sistance in getting money for body cameras in San Antonio, and so I hope that my colleagues will find it in them-selves to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. I continue to oppose, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00423 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.229 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7080 September 6, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . CORREA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 76 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 643, line 11, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. Page 646, line 3, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which seeks to allocate $100 million to pro-cure additional ships for our Coast Guard to interdict drugs headed to the United States by sea. Last year was a record-breaking year for the U.S. Coast Guard in its fight against drug trafficking. It seized 416,000 pounds of cocaine worth almost $6 billion. This was the result of more than 250 individual interdictions in the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and eastern Pacific Ocean. Even with this record-breaking year, however, all of the cocaine that was seized represents less than 10 percent of all attempted shipments; and, of course, cocaine interdictions, cocaine shipments, are on the rise. I do commend the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard for the great work they do to stop drug trafficking to our country, yet the Coast Guard lacks the resources to stop the known drug shipments into our mainland. b0030 During a Homeland Security hearing this year, the U.S. Coast Guard com-mandant admiral, and I paraphrase him, said: Last year there were almost 600 events that we just did not have enough ships or enough planes to track or stop them in the seas. The admiral said: There were almost 600 shipments in the high seas. They knew these ships were carrying drugs, yet we did not have the ships or the assets to stop them. Vice Admiral Charles Ray went fur-ther to say: We need more cutters on the water to help us do our job. The Coast Guard, like many other government agencies, has endured tough budget situations over the years, and they need to replace and add new ships to fulfill their drug interdiction mission. This $100 million would allow the Coast Guard to procure two addi-tional fast-response cutters. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, once again, as I said before of the gen-tlewoman’s amendment cutting beds, that that will weaken the United States’ border security, and the hiring of additional ICE agents is needed to protect our communities, prevent ter-rorism, reduce crime through vigorous enforcement of immigration and cus-toms laws. Successful border control and immi-gration systems must be supported by enforcement of pertinent laws. This bill recommends $240 million for four fast-response cutters, the same as the amount requested. The program is on schedule and on budget, and there is no need to accelerate the procurement of additional ships. We have been building those on time without flaws now for 4 years at that same rate. We are build-ing a lot of fast-response cutters very quickly. We have, now, a new program for the offshore patrol cutter, which the first of the contracts have been let, and that is in the process of being built, and we have a projection for multiple of those cutters. Taking away from our ability to de-tain people who have broken the law is not a good resource for growing a pro-gram that is already very robust and very effective and has put online mul-tiple fast-response cutters. Mr. Chair, for those reasons, I oppose this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I would say that, on the contrary, this money, this allocation of $100 million, rep-resents additional support for our bor-der security, our high seas. Back in my district, like across the country, we have a major spike, an in-crease, in drug overdoses, deaths as a result of drug overdoses. Our children are being harmed by these drugs that are coming into our country. Our Coast Guard, our admirals of the Coast Guard, are saying this is where the chinks in the armor are in terms of our national defense of our country, of our borders, the high seas. This is not spec-ulation; these are facts. Ships are coming into our high seas loaded with drugs. We do not have the assets to stop them. Nothing could be further from the truth. On the con-trary, this $100 million, an additional two ships for the Coast Guard, rep-resents tons and tons of drugs to be intercepted in the years to come, bil-lions and billions of dollars stopped be-fore they reach our land. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, even if this money should be moved and the gentleman’s amendment be ap-proved, it wouldn’t mean that any more fast-response cutters would be built in this calendar year. I am fairly certain that the com-mandant of the Coast Guard would say that we have been very robust and very effective at producing fast-response cutters, and I believe that the deten-tion beds is a deterrent for those com-ing across the border and for those vio-lating the law as an important part of the defense of the borders and the peo-ple of the United States. Therefore, I continue to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, again I would say that those folks that are pi-loting those ships full of drugs coming into our country do not deserve the op-portunity to reach our shores. We have to stop them in the high seas. Just a few months ago, the Coast Guard was proposed for budget cuts. Now they are barely—barely—keeping balance, meaning no budget cuts. All I want to do with this amendment is give them additional resources to stop drug shipments, known drug ship-ments, on the high seas before they reach our shores. Mr. Chair, I don’t want to go back to California and say that I am not doing everything we can do to stop those drugs from reaching our children. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 77 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 646, line 3, after the first dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 647, line 12, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment transfers $5 million from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00424 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.231 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7081 September 6, 2017 
the Coast Guard’s Operating Expenses account to its Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation account. The in-tent is to support sea trials for a Jones Act compliant icebreaker so the Coast Guard can determine whether a leased vessel can meet its immediate needs in fulfilling its 11 statutory missions around the globe. I am going to stop my diatribe here. S
TEVE SCALISE has a statement. He is in his rehabilitation center, but he ac-tually cared enough to write this. I am going to speak here, and these are his words, not mine: ‘‘I support this amendment that will improve America’s strategic, eco-nomic, and national security interests in the Arctic. As other countries are advancing their interests in the Arctic, the U.S. continues to lag behind. This amendment makes clear that Congress supports moving forward in identifying options for icebreaking capabilities in the Arctic. ‘‘The Coast Guard has repeatedly stated we need a fleet of icebreakers to maintain the presence necessary in the Arctic and Antarctic to meet and pro-tect U.S. sovereign interests and pro-tect life and property at sea. Currently, the U.S. has two icebreakers—one of which is our Nation’s only heavy ice-breaker and is over 40 years old. Russia has more than 40 icebreakers, with more under construction. ‘‘As the Arctic becomes increasingly accessible to maritime traffic, tourism, and energy exploration, we cannot con-tinue to defer this much-needed capa-bility—especially at a time when China and Russia are increasing their pres-ence in the Arctic, expanding their ice-breaker fleets, and encroaching over the extended U.S. continental shelf. ‘‘I urge support for this amendment that will address this immediate and necessary investment and protect U.S. national security interests.’’ That is from S
TEVE SCALISE . Now back to my words. To help narrow this capability gap between America and our peer com-petitors, the Coast Guard should exam-ine the lease of icebreakers that could be deployed in the near term. My subcommittee has held countless hearings on this issue, and I am con-vinced that a short-term lease of an ex-isting icebreaker is one of the best chances to ensure the Coast Guard can meet its near-term and urgent mission objectives in the Arctic. Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to sup-port my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. b0040 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I rise to claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment and so does the Coast Guard. This is not a new issue. It has to do with a particular, underuti-lized commercial anchor handling tug supply vessel, the Aiviq, which is owned by Edison Chouest Offshore, based in Louisiana. Over the last few years, the Coast Guard has been repeatedly pushed to lease this vessel. The Coast Guard has repeatedly made it clear that this ves-sel does not have the capability to ade-quately fulfill its multimission needs in the Arctic. The question before us is whether leasing this particular vessel for icebreaking would be a wise use of tax-payers’ dollars, and whether it would benefit the Coast Guard more than in-vestments in other priorities. The Coast Guard needs a heavy ice-breaker as soon as possible, but this is not a heavy icebreaker, or even a me-dium icebreaker. According to the Coast Guard, the Aiviq is underpowered for icebreaking, making it unsuitable for ice rescue operations. It has an inadequate fuel storage ca-pacity and transit speed, vastly lim-iting its deployment time. The Aiviq has no helicopter hangar, making it unsuitable for patrol activities, search and rescue operations, and self-rescue. It also has a propulsion system that lacks redundancy and reliability, and it does not have thrusters rated for ice operations. Beyond the inadequacy of the vessel’s base icebreaking capabilities, the cur-rent configuration of the vessel is not suited to Coast Guard missions. It would need to be significantly reconfig-ured at significant costs. The fact that it is a commercial vessel also limits its ability to perform all 11 Coast Guard statutory missions. For instance, it could not conduct right-of-visit boardings, or engage in freedom of navigation exercises that are critical to protecting U.S. sov-ereignty. And it would be vulnerable to right-of-visit boarding by foreign war-ships under international law. The owner of the Aiviq has proposed a 7-year lease of the vessel, costing $35 million to $40 million per year. The cost, however, would be much higher considering the cost of reconfiguration. While this amendment would not force the Coast Guard to sign a lease for the Aiviq, it seems intended to push the Coast Guard down that path. Tak-ing $5 million from the operating ex-penses account for sea trials would de-tract from the Coast Guard’s oper-ational needs. If the owner of the Aiviq or any other private interests want the Coast Guard to seriously consider the use of their vessels for icebreaking, they should be the ones paying for any ice trials. We should not be making the Coast Guard pay for it, and we should not be push-ing the Coast Guard to enter into a lease arrangement that it does not want and that is not a good investment in helping the Coast Guard carry out its critical missions. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 3 minutes remain-ing. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), the chairman. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I have some concerns regarding this amendment. However, I agree there is a gap in our Nation’s icebreaking capability, and I strongly support the Coast Guard’s icebreaking program. For that reason, I will not op-pose this amendment. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Texas. The gentle-woman brought up some points about a ship, which I didn’t name. The Coast Guard hasn’t built an ice-breaker in almost 50 years. We only have one. There is only one Jones Act ship in the entire country. It is the Aiviq, but there is only one. All we say here is that it has to got to be an American-made ship. That is what the Jones Act is. If we are going to build an icebreaker with U.S. taxpayer dollars, we are going to use an American-made, and American-crewed, and American-steel ship. Mr. G
ARAMENDI , the ranking member on my subcommittee, has voted for amendments like this in the past, and he supports amendments like this going forward. Anything that puts Americans to work, that gives us more than the one icebreaker that works for 6 months out of the year, this is a step in that direction. This is simply for sea trials. This is so that the Coast Guard, because they haven’t made an icebreaker in 50 years, they can take one out besides the Healy, which is a medium icebreaker that they operate and ask: Hey, what do we need here? Do we need to expand the bow, expand the stern? How could we make this what we want? That is all we are doing here, and it is $5 million. This is a step in the right direction. Otherwise, we are never going to have an icebreaker. We are not going to be able to compete in the Arctic. It will be energy exploration for Russia and China, and not us because we are not going to be there unless we start right now in this appropriations bill. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 78 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00425 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.235 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7082 September 6, 2017 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 653, strike line 14 and all that follows through line 19. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to Division E of the Make America Secure and Pros-perous Appropriations Act. Immigrant families in my district and across this country are terrified. They are afraid because of the things that President Trump has said and be-cause of the policies that he has pro-posed. President Trump has been clear about who he thinks immigrants are. He thinks immigrants are lazy. He thinks immigrants are unskilled. He thinks immigrants are dangerous criminals. Just yesterday, he ended the DACA program, crushing the dreams of 800,000 talented and courageous young Ameri-cans. He has promised to triple the number of ICE agents to build a deportation force to go into immigrant commu-nities. Under President Obama, ICE was told to focus on detaining and de-porting dangerous criminals. But President Trump has told ICE they should go after whomever they can find. Now, every immigrant without pa-pers is a target, young and old. This is why immigrants are so afraid. Demo-crats in Congress have been united in standing up against President Trump in his war on American immigrants. We have blocked money for the wall and for his deportation force. But we also need to put some healthy con-straints on President Trump’s Depart-ment of Homeland Security. My amendment will strike section 209 of Division E, which grants the Sec-retary of Homeland Security authority to reprogram or transfer funds for the purpose of detaining immigrants prioritized for removal. President Trump has made his inten-tions very clear. He wants to deport every one of the 11 million undocu-mented immigrants in this country no matter what those consequences may be. With this bill as it is currently writ-ten, there is almost no limit how far he can go. Congress must stand up and make clear where we stand. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment of-fered by Mrs. T
ORRES . The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, es-timating the required number of oper-ations and detention beds is not exact science. This reprogramming a party is essential to be able to deal with emer-gent and critical operation needs, like surges we have seen in 2014 and 2016. Without sufficient funding for beds, ICE will be forced to release criminal and other illegal aliens into commu-nities across the country and weaken the security of the United States. The proposal to restrict ICE’s ability to re-program funding for detention beds would not only endanger the safety of the American people, but it will also convey to bad actors that the United States will not detain illegal aliens, leading to increased border crossings and growing overall illegal alien oper-ations in the United States. Therefore, I oppose this amendment and ask my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s concern for public safety. The reality is that this administration has kept Congress in the dark about immigration policy. f 
b0050 Members have found out about ICE immigration actions in their districts after the fact. The least we can do as Members of Congress is to provide oversight and keep track of how much DHS is spending. There is no question dangerous criminals should be detained and should be deported. ICE will still be able to do that. But if they need more money, they should come to this Congress and tell us why they need this money. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ). The amendment was rejected. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED  
BY MR . CARTER OF TEXAS  
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 79 printed in part B of House Report 115–295, which was adopt-ed as part of the amendments en bloc, be modified by the modification placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 79 of-fered by Mr. Latta of Ohio: 
Before ‘‘dollar amount’’ insert ‘‘first’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 80 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division E (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing wage re-quirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED  
BY MR . KING OF IOWA  
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to modify my amendment with the modification at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
After the words ‘‘this Act’’ insert ‘‘or Divi-sions A, C, D, F, or G’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Iowa? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this eliminates the funding that would go to Davis-Bacon and enforcing Davis-Bacon, the Federal wage scale that advertises prevailing wage but turns out to be union scale. We debated this twice earlier this evening. The modification for the edifi-cation of the people who might not have picked up on that rolls this Davis- Bacon amendment together with the appropriations component that we will debate tomorrow so there is clarifica-tion here on the floor. I have long been for the repeal of Davis-Bacon. I have made a statement that the Federal Government doesn’t have any business dictating to an em-ployer and an employee what they should be able to agree to on wages. We have been in the construction business for 42 years. We started on our 43rd year this week. We have paid Davis-Bacon wages in most of those years, if not all of those years, and it upsets the efficiency of being able to manage the job, and it interferes with that relationship. If it is going to be prevailing wages, then let the market decide that. But the studies that we have out there, there is no study that I know of that would show where there is an imposed Davis-Bacon wage scale that it costs less money. It always costs the tax-payers more money to do a particular project. Our records of these years run be-tween an 8 percent greater than it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Dec 27, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00426 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H06SE7.REC H06SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7083 September 6, 2017 
would be if we had merit shop or as high as 35 percent greater than the cost of the projects. We average it out to 20 percent. There are studies out there that say a 22 percent increase. So I describe it this way: if the Fed-eral Government is going to mandate union scale on construction projects, whether it be for building a wall on the southern border or an interstate or a bridge, a highway, a building, whatever it might be, you can decide whether you want to borrow money from China to build 4 miles of road or 5, if you want to build four bridges or five, or if you want to build four buildings or five. That is what it comes down to in the end. We can build five of every-thing instead of four if we just repeal Davis-Bacon. So this scores well for us. The fis-cally responsible people will come down on the side of eliminating Davis- Bacon. This country would not adopt such a policy if it happened today. By the way, this is the last remain-ing Jim Crow law that I can find in America. As so many things are being taken down left over from that era, it is time we took down Davis-Bacon, too. So I would urge adoption of my amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Earlier this evening, the same amendment was soundly defeated twice on this floor, so I am not sure why there is a need to go over the same worn ground again. The Davis-Bacon Act is a long-standing law that ensures workers on federally funded construction projects are reasonably paid, no less than the wages paid for similar work in the local community. It is simply a matter of fairness that we ensure that the Fed-eral Government pays fair wages for an honest day’s work. Mr. Chairman, I have heard the gen-tleman from Iowa suggest that Davis- Bacon’s history is linked to discrimina-tion. But I believe he may be mis-informed in thinking that it was the cause and not the solution. In 1927, a contractor who was em-ploying African-American workers was building a Veterans Bureau hospital. Congressman B
ACON found that there were very serious issues related to the pay of low wages and the discrimina-tion against the wages of migrant workers. He introduced Davis-Bacon initially to help make sure that these construction workers would be paid the prevailing wages in their community. As I said, these workers happened to be African American. I urge all of my Members to, once again, vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for yielding. I also rise to oppose this amendment because I sup-port quality jobs for folks and the laws that protect them. When I go around my district, I hear from folks who are still feeling squeezed that are ready to seize oppor-tunities that they might not have right now. Since 1931, the Davis-Bacon Act has been there to help working men and working women earn a decent wage. I would respond to the good gentle-man’s statement that Davis-Bacon is about embracing the premise that when we use taxpayer dollars to build a project, it is not just about building that project. It is about building the middle class. I oppose this amendment because it seeks to undo three generations worth of protections that have helped our country create the strongest middle class in the world. I don’t support nickeling and diming workers. We have a responsibility to make sure the future is better for the genera-tions to come, and if those who follow us earn less or get injured more and can’t take care of their health, that is a step backward and not forward. So I urge my colleagues, once again, to defeat this amendment. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CAR-
TER). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the gentle-man’s amendment, and I adopt all of his arguments that he has made. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, in response, I have heard a piece of his-tory revisionism. Now is the first time I recall, in all these debates that we have had, that the purpose of Davis- Bacon, which does produce a result of union scales imposed by, as I said ear-lier this evening—it is not prevailing wage. b0100 Employers that are nonunion don’t report wages to the Federal Govern-ment because the union comes to orga-nize their employees. So the thing that is called prevailing wage is a distortion of the reality. We know this. I have been in this business 42 years. I talked to a contractor just a week ago who was a bridge contractor. He has been operating in rural Missouri. In just this past year’s numbers, un-skilled laborers cost him $45 an hour. There is no way that you go down to Missouri and hire somebody that is un-skilled and you have to pay them $45 an hour. For somebody that is going to look through the chart, I should tell you it is about $23 an hour for labor and $22 for fringe benefits. The fringe benefits are to pay for your health in-surance and your retirement program. But some of these employees are on our ObamaCare, with their premiums paid by other money that we borrow from China. It is foolish for a fiscally responsible nation, trying to get to balance, to have a David-Bacon law in place. And I will pound on this drum until we come to our senses on this. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, the House has already voted twice against this amendment today, and I hope it will do so again. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I would just conclude that this is the first time I have heard that Davis- Bacon was formed to protect minority migrant workers that came out of Ala-bama to work in New York. That seems to me to be Members of Congress rep-resenting the folks that are not their constituents. That would be one of the rare times also. So that is history revisionism. This is a Jim Crow law. It needs to go. It needs to be ripped out of the code at every opportunity. Mr. Chairman, I would urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment, as modi-fied, offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 81 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division E (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into con-tracts in fiscal year 2018 with privatized im-migration detention facilities. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit the Department of Homeland Security from entering into contracts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00427 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H06SE7.REC H06SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7084 September 6, 2017 
with privatized immigration detention facilities for fiscal year 2018. A study done by the Homeland Secu-rity Advisory Council’s Subcommittee on Privatized Immigration Detention Facilities found that privatized deten-tion facilities experienced a multitude of issues, including deficiencies in staffing, subpar medical care, ineffi-cient abuse reporting systems, and a lack of transparency. Further, an in-depth report on two of the country’s private detention facili-ties show further injustices, such as in-adequate access to legal information and services. It is best that DHS is prohibited from doing business with these facilities until these issues are resolved and it is shown that these facilities meet ICE’s Performance-Based National Detention Standards. This amendment is necessary, as the government’s reliance on privatized fa-cilities will continue to grow, based on trends in detention. In fact, only 9.2 percent of detained individuals are in ICE-owned facilities. We must ensure that detained individuals are treated humanely and that they have access to due process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, over half of the ICE detention popu-lation is housed in privately owned and operated detention facilities. Neither ICE nor State and local detention fa-cilities can provide the number of beds required to house the detained popu-lation that we have today. Without the capacity provided by contracts with private detention facilities, ICE will be forced to dramatically scale back inte-rior enforcement and, more seriously, release thousands of dangerous crimi-nal aliens from custody. Eliminating private facilities will re-quire a significant expansion to ICE’s capacity that, according to estimates, will exceed $1.3 billion and could be as much as $5 billion to $6 billion. I also note that my colleague in the minority considers detention standards to be of vital importance, yet the ma-jority of the facilities that meet the highest and most stringent detention standards are the very same contract facilities this language would elimi-nate. For these reasons, I oppose this amendment and ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, studies have shown repeatedly that these private detention centers are of a lower quality than publicly owned fa-cilities. There is something very perverse about an industry in the private deten-tion and private prison industry that basically profits off of mass incarcer-ation and that has an economic incen-tive to get more people into detention, into jail, into prison, and, at the same time, tries to do everything that it can to cut costs and cut corners. In doing so, it fails not only its public charge and its duty, but also terribly fails the people entrusted to it. The fact is that these private prisons, the detention centers, the companies that own them, hired lobbyists in Cali-fornia, for example, within the last few years. They had 70 lobbyists. One of the companies had 70 lobbyists on staff. They lobby for harsher criminal pen-alties. Why? Because the more people that have to be detained, the more money they make. That simply is not how the criminal justice system should work and that is not how we should do detention within the immigration realm. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, once again, I oppose the gentle-man’s amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, this is about treating people as hu-manely as possible. When profit is the main thing that drives the decisions on detention, incarceration, the condi-tions in which people are detained, then we are doing a severe injustice to those folks. Because of that, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 83 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 84 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division E (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the construction or expansion of detention facilities. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. b0110 Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, the United States already operates the largest immigration detention system in the world at a cost of $2 billion an-nually. In fiscal year 2017, ICE had the capacity to detain an unprecedented 39,324 men, women, and children. Al-though a large amount of funding is dedicated to detain these people, the system is plagued with inhumane con-ditions and inadequate oversight. Mr. Chairman, my amendment imposes a moratorium on the construction and expansion of immigration detention fa-cilities. This year, we are seeing the highest number of deaths in ICE custody since 2011. Private, for-profit detention fa-cilities in particular have not abided by basic standards necessary to protect civil and constitutional rights, and all of this is occurring at the same time that the administration is increasing enforcement, including expedited re-movals with inadequate due process, elimination of the longstanding divi-sion between local police and Federal immigration enforcement, and this is all tearing families apart. The overreach of these detention fa-cilities combined with an overreach on enforcement in general, instead of fo-cussing on more practical, humane, and, frankly, economically viable op-tions of alternatives to detention, are issues that Congress must address. We should not be funding these dan-gerous overreaches by expanding immi-gration detention with no account-ability. This amendment ensures that we focus on fixing this broken system as opposed to funding an increased de-tention expansion, and this is deadly. It is a deadly powder keg, and I don’t use the term ‘‘deadly’’ lightly. I would like to take a moment to talk about Jacinta Morales, a woman from Oregon detained at the Northwest Detention Center in Tacoma, Wash-ington. Jacinta found out she was preg-nant while she was in detention. She said: I was thrilled to be pregnant and thrilled at the prospect of being a mother again. When she found out she would be de-ported, torn from her 11-year-old U.S. citizen son as well as her long-time partner, Jacinta was devastated. She experienced pain and nausea, and not long after, she woke up bleeding. After an hour, she went to the doctor, where she waited another hour. One of the people who was seen before her had a toothache. When the doctor finally saw her, they requested an ambulance to take her to the hospital, but the ambulance didn’t come for a long time, and so they took her in the back of a patrol car where she was forced to sit up, making the bleeding worse. When Jacinta finally arrived at the hospital, she learned she had a miscarriage. Jacinta is one of 292 pregnant women ICE detained between January and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00428 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.246 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7085 September 6, 2017 
April of 2017, alone, and part of the 60 percent of detained women. Formerly detained women and their attorneys and advocates have reported that preg-nant women only receive the bare min-imum of services and accommodations and are routinely denied extra blan-kets, additional food, and adequate pre-natal care. When pregnant women are referred to outside obstetricians, ICE policy does not prohibit the shackling of pregnant women during transport. Moreover, the stress of detention and fear of mis-carriage may lead detained women to abandon their asylum claims. One of these women, I am going to call her Ana, accepted deportation back into the hands of her abuser be-cause she was so afraid that being de-tained would harm her unborn child. ICE’s own detention standards and directive on the detention of pregnant women acknowledges the complexity and risks of detaining pregnant women, but implementation and oversight are not enough to protect these women. It is irresponsible to expand deten-tion while the agency struggles to con-duct even basic oversight and hold fa-cilities accountable for inhumane con-ditions. I urge my colleagues to sup-port my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, it seems that the minority has a very good tag team match going here. The previous amendment would elimi-nate, if it passes, all of the privately owned facilities, leaving us with, by the gentlewoman’s own statement, 3,500 beds for detainees; whereas, our total population today ranges from 35,000 to 40,000 people that are detained, which would mean all those people would have to be released or placed in some kind of alternative of which the no-show for that alternative is horren-dous. This kind of restriction makes no sense. Even though there is nobody planning to build ICE facilities right now, to restrict the government from a possible need, should that need arise— I remind you that in 2014, in the month of August, 78,000 children came across the border, and an equal number or more of a child with a parent came across the border in the Laredo sector alone. So we have real needs that need to be met, and quite honestly, this amend-ment ties the hands and everybody gets turned loose. I very much oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Washington has 45 seconds re-maining. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I will just say that we currently have almost 40,000 people in detention. We are not proposing eliminating all detention centers. We are saying we are putting a moratorium on expansion of detention centers. Those people would still be able to stay there. We could detain up to that many people. I don’t think that is the right policy for the United States of America, but I am not saying that we are going to eliminate all of that detention space. What I am saying is that we need ac-countability around the detention sys-tem, and as long as we don’t have that accountability and we have pregnant women who are losing children in the ICE detention facilities, I believe that we should ensure that we have ac-countability. I will tell you that we are continuing to detain and not hold these detention centers accountable for any of the things that happen within the deten-tion centers, so, again, I hope that my colleagues will support this amend-ment and allow us to bring some ac-countability back to our detention sys-tem. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 85 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division E (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Coast Guard to enforce Executive Order 13449 or section 697.7(b) of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions, in the Block Island Transit Zone (as that term is defined in section 697.7(b)(3) of such title). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment to H.R. 3354 will provide needed regulatory relief to fishermen from the East End of Long Island and the entire region who are struggling under confusing and arbitrary Federal restrictions on striped bass fishing in Block Island Sound. The unique maritime geography of our region means that making the 15- mile journey by boat from Montauk Point, New York, to Block Island, Rhode Island, requires passing through a segment of waters considered to be part of the EEZ known as the Block Is-land Transit Zone. For recreational anglers, charter boat captains, and commercial fisher-men, this shift in jurisdiction can mean the difference between a nice day on the water and committing a Federal offense. My amendment would bar the U.S. Coast Guard from enforcing this ban on striped bass fishing in these waters so that Coast Guard resources can be fo-cused on their important national se-curity and safety mission. No other species of fish besides striped bass are subject to this con-fusing ban which was meant to impact the high seas of the EEZ, not a small segment of local waters situated be-tween two State boundaries. Fishermen should be able to legally fish for striped bass in this limited area just as they currently can in adjacent State waters. A recreational angler or boat captain on the water off of Montauk Point, New York, can easily go from fishing legally and responsibly in State waters to violating Federal law once they pass over the 3-mile limit where New York State waters end and the Transit Zone begins. Many of these individuals lack the expensive GPS technology to know if and when they have crossed the bound-ary, and there are no buoys to warn them. These are responsible men and women who have the greatest vested interest in preserving the striped bass fishery, but they also desperately need relief from confusing government regu-lations that are hurting their liveli-hoods and access to local fisheries. b0120 Last Congress, my stand-alone bill to address this issue, H.R. 3070, the EEZ Clarification Act, passed the House with a unanimous voice vote. This amendment is supported by the Recreational Fishing Alliance, the Long Island Commercial Fishing Asso-ciation, and the Montauk Boatman & Captains Association. On behalf of the hardworking men and women of Long Island who rely on fishing as a way of life, I ask for your support on this commonsense amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. This is not an appropriate amendment for inclu-sion in an annual spending bill. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00429 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.249 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7086 September 6, 2017 
Coast Guard opposes the amendment because their mission to protect nat-ural resources is not specific to indi-vidual regulations. Enforcement limi-tations on specific regulations would place a significant burden on the Coast Guard. In addition, Congress should not be in the business of micromanaging fish conservation. The Atlantic States Ma-rine Fisheries Commission is an inter-state commission which allows Atlan-tic Coast States to collectively manage the conservation of their shared coast-al fishery resources. We should allow the Commission to do its job in man-aging fish stocks. Congress shouldn’t second-guess them and micromanage fish regula-tions in particular locations. There is a process in place for addressing these issues at the regional level, and we should allow that process to work. Currently, the consensus position of the Commission is that the fishing re-strictions should remain in place and the stock assessment for striped bass is planned for next year. This ban was put in place after going through the Fed-eral rulemaking process. If a change is needed, it should follow the same proc-ess. I believe this amendment places an undue burden on the Coast Guard, and it is bad precedent for Congress to interfere with a State-driven process. For these reasons, I oppose the amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, this bill removes a burden from the Coast Guard. It doesn’t micromanage any local council. It actually empowers the local council. It doesn’t make any changes to stock assessments. You still are subject to the management of the local fisheries. You cannot fish for any more fish than you were previously. So actually, all the logic that was used by my colleague, you could actually very much more easily argue the opposite side. It should be further noted that my colleague from California, as she speaks about what is the right policy here on the east end of Long Island for our hardworking fishermen, voted in favor of H.R. 3070, which was unani-mously passed by the last Congress. So it wouldn’t make any sense to be arguing that this bill places a burden on the Coast Guard when it is lifting it, or that it is micromanaging a local council when it empowers it to control the fishery. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, we should allow the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission to do its job, and I continue to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I think it is a great idea to empower the Atlan-tic Fishery Council by passing this amendment because if we don’t pass this amendment, if we don’t change the Federal law, they are not empowered. Federal law says you can’t fish in the EEZ between Montauk Point and Block Island, Rhode Island. So if we do not pass this legislation, if H.R. 3070 be-came law in the last Congress, we wouldn’t be here right now and the Council would be managing the local fishery. But Federal law prevents the regional management of the fishery. It actually just says, outright, you can’t fish for striped bass at all. So all the arguments that are now being used for the first time against this particular argument, a proposal that was passed unanimously last Con-gress, which is now being opposed by a colleague from California, to be telling us what the right policy is on the east end of Long Island, saying that we should be managing this fishery is an argument I absolutely agree with, and that is exactly why it is so important to pass this legislation. My colleague, in opposing this pro-posal, is actually making the argument of exactly why it needs to pass. I en-courage all of my colleagues to vote for it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 87 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 88 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division E (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for a new hire who has not been verified through the E- Verify program. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED  
BY MR . KING OF IOWA  
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to modify my amendment by the modification at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 88 of-fered by Mr. King of Iowa: 
After the words ‘‘this Act’’ insert ‘‘or Divi-sions A, C, D, or F’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Iowa? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her consent to this unanimous consent request which will help expedite our debate here on this long appropriations discus-sion that we are having. This is the amendment that requires that E-Verify be used in all new hires that are funded under this appropria-tion. And it is a well established de-bate, I think, not only throughout the years of E-Verify, but also throughout this evening. It is all new hires, in conjunction with an offer of employment, simply run their data through E-Verify. If it comes back from E-Verify verifying that that information that is provided by the applicant identifies an indi-vidual who can work legally in the United States, that is the verification that the efficiency has gone way up into the upper 90, 99 point something percentile. Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, under the OMB directive from 2007, all Federal agencies are already required to use the E-Verify system to confirm the employment eligibility of new hires. Beyond Federal employees, a 2008 executive order and a Federal ac-quisition regulation already require that employees of Federal contractors also be verified as eligible to work through E-Verify, so my opposition to this amendment is primarily on the basis that it is unnecessary. Given that the current administra-tion has proposed making the use of E- Verify mandatory for private sector hiring, it just doesn’t seem likely that it would somehow weaken the current requirement for the Federal Govern-ment to use the system. This funding limitation simply is not needed. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CAR-
TER). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, what Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD just stated was true, but I rise in support of this gentleman’s amendment because it is time the agencies and departments fully comply, and this amendment at-tempts to achieve that effort. There-fore, I support the gentleman’s amend-ment. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I would just reiterate that we are get-ting reports that there are gaps in this enforcement and, spending my life in a contracting business, I would remind the Members that we have general con-tractors, we have first tier contractors, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 27, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00430 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H06SE7.REC H06SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7087 September 6, 2017 
we have second tier subcontractors, even third tier subcontractors, and so we want to ensure that the enforce-ment is there of E-Verify. And I want to thank everyone for their coopera-tion, and I urge the adoption of my amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. b0130 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. K
ING of Iowa) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. G
ARRETT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of the expected birth of his child. Mr. C
URBELO of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today after 5 p.m. and for the balance of the week on account of assisting his family and constituents in preparation efforts for Hurricane Irma. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 32 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thurs-day, September 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2368. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medical Device Classification Procedures; Change of Address; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2013-N-1529] received Sep-tember 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2369. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway, New Smyrna Beach, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 0205] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2370. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department Homeland Se-curity, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Stampede TLP, Green Canyon 468, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0110] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2371. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Cleve-land Metroparks 100 Year Anniversary Fire-works Display; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0481] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2372. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Tchefuncte River, Madisonville, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0578] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2373. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones; Safety Zones within the Captain of the Port New Orleans Zone, New Orleans to Baton Rouge, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0388] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2374. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; South Branch of the Chicago River, Chicago, IL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0702] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2375. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Great Lakes--Regulated Naviga-tion Areas and Safety Zones [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0084] (RIN: 1625-AA00, AA11) re-ceived September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2376. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Demoli-tion of SC-41 Bridge, Wando River, Charles-ton, SC [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0348] (RIN: 1625-AA-00) received September 1, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2377. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; St. Marys River, Sault Ste. Marie, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0789] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2378. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Willam-ette River, Lake Oswego, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0772] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2379. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation, Islamorada Grand Prix of the Seas, Islamorada, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0556] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2380. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Choptank River, Cam-bridge, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0571] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2381. A letter from the Attorney-Advisory, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Mobile River, Mobile, AL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0710] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2382. A letter from the Attorney-Advisory, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Potomac River, National Harbor, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0654] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2383. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Port Huron Float-Down, St. Clair River, Port Huron, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0764] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2384. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Motor City Mile; Detroit River; De-troit, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0372] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 1, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2385. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Dun-kirk Lakeshore Air Show; Lake Erie, Dun-kirk, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0277] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00431 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.255 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7088 September 6, 2017 
2386. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Sector Upper Mis-sissippi River Annual and Recurring Safety Zones Update [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0272] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2387. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Red Bull Flugtag, Allegheny River, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0505] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2388. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; East River and Buttermilk Channel, Brooklyn, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0401] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2389. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Chicago River, Chicago, IL [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0347] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2390. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Dela-ware River, Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0399] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2391. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Hope Chest Buffalo Niagara Dragon Boat Festival, Buffalo River, Buffalo, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0275] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2392. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Navy Underwater Detonation (UNDET) Exercise, Apra Outer Harbor, GU [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-0412] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received Sep-tember 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2393. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Colum-bia River, Goble, OR [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-0488] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received Sep-tember 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2394. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: PG&E Evolution, King Salmon, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0699] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2395. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Ice covered water-ways in the Fifth Coast Guard District [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0051] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2396. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Regulations Gov-erning Fees for Services Performed in Con-nection with Licensing and Related Services — 2017 Update [Docket No.: EP 542 (Sub-No.: 25)] received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2997. A bill to transfer operation of air traffic services cur-rently provided by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to a separate not-for-profit cor-porate entity, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–296). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 504. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–297). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mrs. L
OVE): H.R. 3681. A bill to amend the America COMPETES Act to reauthorize the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. K HANNA ): H.R. 3682. A bill to direct the Director of the Office of National Marine Sanctuaries of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration to create a Blue Whales and Blue Skies Program to reduce air pollution and harmful underwater acoustic impacts and the risk of fatal vessel whale strikes by recognizing voluntary reductions in the speed of vessels transiting the Greater Santa Barbara Channel Region, California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER (for herself, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): H.R. 3683. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend of the deduction for qualified tuition and re-lated expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. ELLI-
SON, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. L EE, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
USH, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 3684. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to implement a process under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to register to vote in elections for Federal office in the State, to direct the Election Assistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of minors in public election activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. FLORES (for himself and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 3685. A bill to establish an additional fund in the Treasury to reimburse costs in-curred by terrestrial radio stations as a re-sult of the reorganization of broadcast tele-vision spectrum, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. L
EE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R
USH, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER ): H.R. 3686. A bill making supplemental ap-propriations for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, to improve and streamline disaster assistance for Hurricane Harvey, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself and Ms. F
UDGE ): H.R. 3687. A bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ): H.R. 3688. A bill to transfer administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal lands from the United States Army Corps of to the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs, to take such lands into trust for the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00432 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7089 September 6, 2017 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 3689. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the 1-year limitation on the period of time an alien may be accorded nonimmigrant status to study at a public secondary school, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 3690. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the rehabilita-tion credit for commercial buildings and to provide a rehabilitation credit for principal residences; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 3691. A bill to limit the number of hours that children may be employed as ac-tors, performers, and models, to require blocked trust accounts for the financial pro-tection of such children, to clarify the liabil-ity of employers, contractors, and other indi-viduals for sexual harassment of such child performers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. Res. 502. A resolution providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendments to H.R. 601, with an amend-ment; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H. Res. 503. A resolution recognizing the importance of cancer program accreditation in ensuring comprehensive, high-quality, pa-tient-centered cancer care; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, and Mrs. H
ARTZLER ): H. Res. 505. A resolution condemning North Korea’s threats against our citizens on Guam, reaffirming our unshakable commit-ment to the security of Guam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Ms. E
SHOO ): H. Res. 506. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of September as ‘‘Rheumatic Disease Awareness Month’’, in recognition of the costs imposed by rheu-matic diseases, the need for increased med-ical research, and the quality care provided by trained rheumatologists; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. R
OSEN ): H. Res. 507. A resolution expressing support for the designation of September 2017 as ‘‘Na-tional Campus Sexual Assault Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 3682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 3683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which pro-vides Congress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and excises.’’ Sixteenth Amendment, which provides Congress the power to ‘‘lay and collect taxes on incomes.’’ By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 3684. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 3685. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 3686. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 3687. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for this bill is pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3688. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution pro-vides Congress with the authority to regu-late commerce with the Indian Tribes in the United States. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 3689. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Caluse 4 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 3690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 3691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 15: Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 36: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. W OODALL , Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 44: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 168: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 173: Mr. H
ILL, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 246: Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 367: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 442: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 449: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 459: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 480: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 490: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 535: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 632: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 644: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 664: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 669: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 681: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
OUZER , and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 719: Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. O LSON , Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi. H.R. 747: Ms. G
RANGER and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 750: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 754: Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 770: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 785: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F
ERGUSON , and Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 801: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 807: Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 812: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 850: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 852: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 860: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 916: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 918: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 936: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. B
EN RAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 1017: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 1120: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1145: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1267: Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 1270: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 1322: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1377: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. H.R. 1421: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1436: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 1447: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1459: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 1468: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. D
ENT, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. T
IBERI , and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 1483: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1494: Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mr. M AST. H.R. 1552: Mr. A
MASH . H.R. 1565: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1566: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1580: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1618: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1624: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1676: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S IMPSON , and Ms. M
ENG. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00433 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.100 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7090 September 6, 2017 
H.R. 1724: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1731: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 1776: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1810: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1844: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1847: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut. H.R. 1865: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1880: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1911: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 1955: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 1960: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1987: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2004: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 2023: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 2044: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2077: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2121: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 2148: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2170: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 2201: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2219: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2259: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 2298: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 2310: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 2319: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 2345: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2392: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2417: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2431: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 2435: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2439: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2461: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2482: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
OHEN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. N OEM, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C APUANO , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2519: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. G RAVES  of Missouri, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. B
UCK, and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 2545: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2589: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C
OOK, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2603: Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 2644: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 2651: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. COHEN , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 2663: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2723: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, and Mr. G AR-
RETT . H.R. 2740: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2748: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2771: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2801: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2832: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. P ALMER . H.R. 2852: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2862: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2901: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2906: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 2923: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 2957: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 2976: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2996: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 3030: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M AST, and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3053: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3076: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 3124: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3133: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 3139: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 3186: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3223: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 3227: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3236: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 3239: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 3258: Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 3269: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3273: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 3303: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3304: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 3329: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 3347: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 3350: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 3380: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3398: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 3440: Mr. H
OYER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. A
DAMS , Mrs. D INGELL , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S IRES, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash- ington, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. DEGETTE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H ECK, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N EAL, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali- fornia, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. H
ANABUS a, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. Barraga´n, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. V ELA, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S OTO, Ms. F
UDGE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B ERA, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. L
EE, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 3441: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. D UNN, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. U
PTON , Mrs. R OBYand Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3591: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. H ECK, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 3598: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3635: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 3641: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. B ARR, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 3643: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3668: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Con. Res. 77: Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H. Res. 31: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H. Res. 129: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. D
UNN, and Mrs. B LACKBURN . H. Res. 188: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H. Res. 195: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 220: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. N ADLER . H. Res. 257: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 466: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 486: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 488: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 496: Mr. S
OTOand Miss R ICEof New York. H. Res. 501: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, and Mrs. B
EATTY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00434 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.088 H06SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4971 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2017 No. 143 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, our refuge and strength, a very present help in turbu-lent times, thank You that though evil seems to prosper, You continue to guard and guide us with Your loving providence. Lord, the challenges that our law-makers face require more than human wisdom. Please shower our Senators with Your wisdom, directing them through life’s complexities to Your de-sired destination. Remind them daily that human life is as fleeting as fading flowers and withering grass. May they find peace in the knowledge that You love and accept them unconditionally. Keep them always in Your care, doing for them more than they can ask or imagine. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 6, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HURRICANE HARVEY DISASTER RELIEF, PREVENTING A DE-FAULT, AND FUNDING THE GOV-ERNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as I said yesterday, Congress has a number of pressing issues to address in the coming days. There are three critically important things before us that need to be done very quickly: pass disaster re-lief legislation to allow us to rebuild from Harvey and prepare for future dis-asters headed our way, such as Irma; prevent a default so those emergency resources can actually get to Ameri-cans who need them; and, of course, keep the government funded. These are the President’s immediate priorities, these are my immediate priorities, and they are critically important to estab-lishing credibility and stability as our country continues to recover from one record-setting storm and prepare for yet another. Harvey has already un-leashed more rain than any other sin-gle storm recorded in the continental United States. Irma has already forced the entire State of Florida into a state of emergency. I would like to repeat two quotes I shared that are even more relevant now given the further approach of Irma. This is the President’s budget di-rector: Given the need for additional spending as a result of disaster response and initial recov-ery from Hurricane Harvey, the administra-tion continues to urge the Congress to act expeditiously to ensure that the debt ceiling does not affect these critical response and re-covery efforts. 
That is the budget director. That is because, as the Treasury Sec-retary explained, ‘‘If Congress appro-priates the money, but I don’t have the ability to borrow more money and pay for it, we’re not going to be able to get that money’’ to the States, and they need it. The need for certainty now is incredibly important. I have been having conversations with the Democratic leader on my view of the way forward on these issues, and this morning he and I, along with House leaders from both parties, will head to the White House for a meeting to discuss the issues further. It is good to see that Congress has already made steady progress. I again thank the President and his team for working closely with us to en-sure that families and States are able to get the help they need and for work-ing with us to prevent a default or lapse in government service that could get in the way of that help actually being delivered. As we work on these immediate pri-orities, Members will also continue working on other critically important items, such as tax reform, national se-curity, and filling vacancies across the Federal Government. We clearly have a lot to do in the coming weeks and months, but we will all keep working to tackle these issues as soon as pos-sible. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.000 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4972 September 6, 2017 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I will speak on leader time. I know that the Senators from Colorado and Virginia wish to follow. 
f 
DACA Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday, the Trump administration made a terribly wrong decision to ter-minate the DACA Program. The Dreamers came to this country through no fault of their own. Many know no other country but this one. They work every single day in our businesses. They go to our schools. They serve in our military. They are a boon to our economy. All they want is to live, work, and contribute to this country like generations have done be-fore. They want to be Americans, as so many people do, because we are such a great country. Congress has the ability and, I be-lieve, the responsibility to act and to protect those Dreamers before the pro-gram is completely terminated in 6 months. Why not do it right now? President Trump has called on Con-gress to act; so why don’t we? I would ask my friend the majority leader and Speaker R
YANto put a clean Dream Act on the floor in both Cham-bers in September. Every Democrat is ready to vote for that legislation. We know many Republicans in both Cham-bers would vote for it as well. It would likely pass without much fuss. But if we can’t get that to happen, we will add it to vehicles that are moving—leg-islative vehicles—until we get it done. It is that important to us and to Amer-ica. We could solve this problem to-morrow, rather than letting the fear of deportation hang over the heads of 800,000 Dreamers, who are studying and working, and some are in the military serving in the United States today. So I would like, again, to say to Leader M
CCONNELL and Speaker R YAN: Put a clean Dream Act on the floor in a bipartisan vote. This body—and, I be-lieve, the House—is ready to pass it. In a short time, Leader MCCONNELL , Speaker R
YAN, Leader P ELOSI , and I will head to the White House to meet with President Trump. We have a lot we need to get done this month: an ex-tension of government funding, raising the debt ceiling, passing aid for the victims of Hurricane Harvey, and pro-tecting the Dreamers. So far, we Demo-crats haven’t heard much in the way of a plan to accomplish all these goals from the Republican leadership, who hold the majority in both Houses of Congress, as well as the President’s seat. I hope that this changes this morning. I look forward to hearing the President’s plan and the Republican majority’s plan for accomplishing all these things that Congress must ac-complish in September. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Colorado. 
f 
NORTH KOREA Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about North Korea, the most urgent national security chal-lenge for the United States and our al-lies in East Asia. Secretary Mattis has said that North Korea is the most urgent and dan-gerous threat to peace and security. Admiral Gortney, previously the com-mander of the U.S. Northern Com-mand, stated that the Korean Penin-sula is at its most unstable point since 1953, when the armistice was signed. North Korea just conducted its sixth nuclear test, its most powerful to date. An early analysis from experts says: 
North Korea has comfortably dem-onstrated an explosive yield in the range of at least 100 kilotons with this test. That would be a considerable improvement from the 30 kiloton yield estimated in its fifth test and ideal for targeting U.S. cities— a primary objective in North Korea’s pursuit of an ICBM. 
Unless drastic and credible measures are taken today, we are fast heading for a nuclear showdown that could cost millions of lives on the Korean Penin-sula. Last year alone, North Korea con-ducted two nuclear tests and a stag-gering 24 ballistic missile launches. This year, Pyongyang launched 21 mis-siles during 14 tests, including the 2 tests of intercontinental ballistic mis-siles that are reportedly capable of reaching the U.S. homeland. During 6 years of rule as the North Korean dic-tator, Kim Jong Un has launched more missiles than his father and grand-father combined. Patience is not an op-tion with the U.S. homeland now in the nuclear shadow of Kim Jong Un. Our North Korea policy of decades of bipartisan failure must turn to one of immediate bipartisan success, with pressure and global cooperation result-ing in the peaceful denuclearization of the regime. Vice President P
ENCE stated during his visit to South Korea in April: Since 1992, the United States and our allies have stood together for a denuclearized Ko-rean Peninsula. We hope to achieve this ob-jective through peaceable means. But all op-tions are on the table. 
I believe U.S. policy toward North Korea should be straightforward. The United States will deploy every eco-nomic, diplomatic, and, if necessary, military tool at our disposal to deter Pyongyang and to protect our allies. But time is not on our side. The inter-national community needs to finally and fully join together to completely isolate this dangerous regime. As a first step, North Korea should immediately be kicked out of the United Nations and many multilateral institutions from which they derive the benefits of global recognition. Next, the United Nations Security Council should enact a new resolution that im-poses a full economic embargo on North Korea that bans all of Pyongyang’s economic activities, in-cluding petroleum resources. These economic tools need to be com-bined with robust military deterrent, including a U.S.-led international naval blockade of North Korea, in order to ensure a full enforcement of United Nations actions. We must also continue frequent show-of-force exer-cises by the United States and our partners in Seoul and Tokyo, enhanced missile defense activities, and assur-ances of extended U.S. nuclear deter-rence to our allies. Kim Jong Un must know that any serious provocation will be met with a full range of U.S. mili-tary capabilities. The road to peacefully stopping Pyongyang undoubtedly lies through Beijing. I am continuing to call on the administration to block all entities that do business with North Korea, no matter where they are based, from con-ducting any financial activities through the U.S. financial system. China is the only country that holds the diplomatic and economic leverage necessary to put the real squeeze on the North Korean regime. China ac-counts for 90 percent of North Korea’s trade and virtually all of North Korea’s exports. Despite China’s rhetoric of concern, from 2000 to 2015 trade volume between the two nations climbed more than tenfold, rising from $488 million in 2000 to $5.4 billion in 2015—hardly the sign of cracking down on the rogue regime. Beijing is the reason the regime acts so boldly and with relatively few con-sequences. China must move beyond an articulation of concern and lay out a transparent path of focused pressure to denuclearize North Korea. A global power that borders this regime cannot simply throw up its hands and absolve itself of responsibility. The administra-tion is right to pursue a policy of ‘‘maximum pressure’’ toward North Korea, and we have a robust toolbox al-ready available to ramp up the sanc-tions track—a track that has hardly been utilized to its full extent. Last Congress I led the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.001 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4973 September 6, 2017 
Act, which passed the Senate by a vote of 96 to 0. This legislation was the first stand-alone legislation in Congress re-garding North Korea to impose manda-tory sanctions on the proliferation ac-tivities, human rights violations, and malicious cyber behavior. The fol-lowing is according to a recent analysis from the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies: 
North Korea sanctions have more than doubled since the NKSPEA [North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act] came into effect on February 18, 2016. Prior to that date, North Korea ranked eighth, be-hind Ukraine/Russia, Iran, Iraq, the Balkans, Syria, Sudan, and Zimbabwe. 
Even with the 130-percent sanctions increase after the sanctions bill passed last Congress, North Korea is today still only the fifth most sanctioned country by the United States. So while Congress has clearly moved away from the Obama administration’s inaction to at least some action, the Trump administration has the oppor-tunity to use these authorities to build maximum leverage with not only Pyongyang but also with Beijing. I am encouraged by the actions the adminis-tration took in June to finally des-ignate a Chinese financial institution. But this should just be the beginning. The administration, with Congres-sional support, should now make clear to any entity doing business with North Korea that they will not be able to do business with the United States or have access to the U.S. financial system. A report released in June by an inde-pendent organization known as C4ADS identified over 5,000 Chinese companies that are doing business with North Korea today. These Chinese companies are responsible for $7 billion in trade with North Korea. Moreover, the C4ADS report found that only 10 of these companies—10 of these 5,000 com-panies—controlled 30 percent of Chi-nese exports to North Korea in 2016. One of these 10 companies controlled nearly 10 percent of total imports from North Korea. Some of these companies were even found to have satellite of-fices in the United States. Enough is enough. According to recent disclosures, from 2009 to 2017, North Korea used Chinese banks to process at least $2.2 billion in transactions through the U.S. financial system. This should stop now. The United States should not be afraid of diplomatic confrontation with Beijing for simply enforcing existing U.S. law. In fact, it should be more afraid of Con-gress if it does not. As for any prospect of engagement, we should continue to let Beijing know in no uncertain terms that the United States will not negotiate with Pyongyang at the expense of U.S. na-tional security or that of our allies. Instead of working with the United States and the international commu-nity to disarm the madman in Pyongyang, Beijing has called on the United States and South Korea to halt our military exercises in exchange for vague promises of North Korea sus-pending its missile and nuclear activi-ties. That was a bad deal, and the Trump administration was right to re-ject it. Moreover, before any talks in any format, the United States and our part-ners must demand that Pyongyang first meet the denuclearization com-mitments it had already agreed to in the past and subsequently chose to bra-zenly violate. President Trump should continue to impress with President Xi that a denuclearized Korean Peninsula is in both nations’ fundamental long-term interests. As ADM Harry Harris, com-mander of U.S. Pacific Command, rightly noted recently: ‘‘We want to bring Kim Jong Un to his senses, not to his knees.’’ To achieve this goal, Beijing must be made to choose whether it wants to work with the United States as a re-sponsible global leader to stop Pyongyang or bear the consequences of keeping Kim Jong Un in power. In July, I introduced, with a bipar-tisan group of cosponsors, legislation called the North Korean Enablers Ac-countability Act, S. 1562. This legisla-tion takes the first steps toward impos-ing an economic embargo on North Korea, including a ban on any entity that does business with North Korea or its enablers from using the U.S. finan-cial system and imposing U.S. sanc-tions on all those participating in North Korean labor trafficking abuses. Our legislation specifically singles out the 10 largest Chinese importers of North Korean goods that we talked about earlier and sends a very clear message: You can either do business with this outlaw regime or the world’s largest economy. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation in order to finally put real pressure—maximum pressure—on this regime and its enablers wherever they are based. Thank you. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Colorado. During his time in the Senate, he has been an ad-vocate for stronger, more diligent poli-cies with the rogue State of North Korea, and I appreciate very much his comments this morning. (The remarks of Mr. W
ARNER per-taining to the introduction of S.J. Res. 49 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HURRICANES HARVEY AND IRMA Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I also stand today in solidarity and support of the residents of Texas and Louisiana as they recover from the epic and dead-ly storms and flooding. As a former Governor, I know well the devastation and loss brought by natural disasters and the ongoing chal-lenge of helping people rebound and re-cover. The top obligation of elected of-ficials at the local, State, and Federal levels is to do all we can to keep our people safe and to be present and sup-portive in helping them get back on their feet after a disaster. As we work toward dealing with the victims of Harvey, may I also express concern about the coming challenges placed by the next hurricane, Irma. Today or tomorrow, it will hit the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, and by the weekend it may make landfall in Florida. So again, my thoughts go out to those potential victims in advance. f 
FISCAL DEADLINES Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak on the issue that has consumed more of my time and energy during my time in the Sen-ate than any other, and that is the state of our Nation’s finances. As a member of the Budget Committee and the Finance Committee, I wanted an opportunity to speak about the loom-ing convergence of several important fiscal deadlines. The government’s ability to continue borrowing money, the so-called debt ceiling—which is an oxymoron since the debt ceiling is simply going ahead and authorizing payment for bills that have already been incurred, but more on that later—obviously must be raised this fall, and the budget year runs out on September 30, the end of this month. Meanwhile, the White House con-tinues to talk about working on com-prehensive tax reform this fall, even though, at least to date, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, the Sen-ate Republicans, are making it pretty clear they are not going to actually do a major tax reform because they are going to have to rely on a more modest approach, an approach that will require only 51 votes. That sounds as though what may end up coming from the ma-jority will be more of a tax cut than tax reform. In mid-July, President Trump told an interviewer: ‘‘After healthcare, taxes are going to be so easy.’’ Well, we will see. Making the num-bers work, getting the incentives right, making the appropriate tradeoffs— rather than being as easy as the Presi-dent says, comprehensive tax reform, last done in 1986, actually is more like solving a Rubik’s Cube. How this body chooses to act in the face of these dead-lines—the debt ceiling, the end of the budget year, and tax reform—will tell us a lot about the fiscal priorities of the House and Senate leadership and the priorities of the current adminis-tration in responsibly addressing America’s longstanding fiscal chal-lenges. Even though we are just back from recess, let me share with you what I believe are some very hard truths. First, nondefense discretionary spending made up only 16 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.002 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4974 September 6, 2017 
our 2016 budget. By contrast, manda-tory programs—Social Security and Medicare, in particular—made up 39 percent, and the total is 63 percent be-cause there are other mandatory pro-grams included. On a going-forward basis, Social Security and Medicare will make up 51 percent of spending growth over the next 10 years. Over half of all future spending growth will be on automatic pilot. The first hard truth is, we cannot dramatically boost military spending, cut taxes, invest in infrastructure, and leave our two largest spending pro-grams—Medicare and Social Security— untouched in any type of fiscally re-sponsible way. That means we will have to make dramatic cuts. The truth is, there will have to be dramatic cuts. Where will those come from? The nondefense discretionary spending. That means programs for people who work for lower wages or otherwise struggle by—all of those pro-grams will be on the chopping block. For example, in his fiscal year 2018 budget blueprint, the President pro-posed eliminating funding for the Ap-palachian Regional Commission. In my mind, this is the height of hypocrisy. The President did extraordinarily well in the parts of my State that are a part of Appalachia. He promised a renewal for folks who used to work in the coal mines. Yet in his first budget, instead of offering renewal and hope, he slashed one of the most successful, long-term, bipartisan-supported pro-grams, the Appalachian Regional Com-mission, which has invested millions in communities throughout Appalachia over the years. The President’s same fiscal year 2018 budget completely eliminated a pro-gram that helps struggling families heat their homes during the coldest months of winter. Again, all of those cuts come out of nondefense discre-tionary spending, which, in English, means education, support programs, roads, R&D. All of those programs will be subject to cuts within the current budget fiscal outline. Here are additional facts. Our na-tional debt is approaching $20 trillion, and debt held by the public as a per-centage of the GDP is the highest it has been since we emerged from World War II. The Federal Government spends more money than it collects in revenue. I work in the only place in America where, occasionally, people high-five each other because the deficit on an annual basis got down to $400 or $500 billion. No place in the world would operate with those kinds of eco-nomics. By 2029, every dollar of tax revenue will go to programs, in effect, on auto-matic spending. Those mandatory pro-grams I mentioned earlier, such as So-cial Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, are all good programs. But the truth is, if we don’t look at those programs, as well, for reform and if we don’t under-stand that we also need to invest in roads, infrastructure, and other sup-port programs, that means by 2029 every dollar we spend on those pro-grams, roads, education, research, and also defense will be borrowed money. The truth is, we have a very ineffi-cient and outdated tax structure. Let me be the first to acknowledge that and also acknowledge that the goals of tax reform are better efficiency, more transparency. Those are goals I can embrace. It hasn’t been updated in more than three decades. The truth is, on both sides of the aisle there is bipartisan agreement that we need tax reform. I think we can all agree that we have a backward tax system. As a matter of fact, in many ways we have the world’s com-bination of the worst. We have an in-credibly complicated tax system with, nominally, on the business side the highest corporate tax rate in the world. Yet if you look at the revenues we col-lect—and I am not talking about busi-ness taxes but individual taxes as well. If you look at the revenues we collect as a percentage of our overall economy, where do you think America lands? If you listen to many, you would think America must be the highest taxed State in the whole world. If you look at the 34 industrial nations that make up the OECD, the United States of Amer-ica’s State, local, and Federal taxes combined are 31st out of 34. I hear many times from colleagues on the other side of the aisle, compli-menting, for example, Germany and other countries around the world on their training and infrastructure. I am not suggesting that we move to their tax systems, but they raise the per-centage of their GDP some 5, 6, 7, 8 per-cent—or more—in taxes than we do. I am not saying that we should duplicate Europe, but if we are going to compare apples to apples, we actually have the world’s combination of the worst—the most complicated tax system, yet we raise at the bottom of the barrel in terms of revenue. Let me be clear. The fact is, there is blame on both sides of the aisle. This $20 trillion of debt did not emerge over-night. This has been growing for 50 years. Both political parties bear plen-ty of responsibility. The challenge right now is not only our annual def-icit, which was the subject of a lot of discussion when our deficit was over $1 billion, but in a sense, even though the deficit is down, what we have to grap-ple with now is the accumulated debt. So even though there are those of us who may not have been here for dec-ades, we have to bear the responsibility of those who came before us. The accu-mulated debt in our country is $20 tril-lion. Now, we have not felt the full effect of that debt because, since 2009, we have had the advantage of there being record low interest rates, but as we have seen from the Fed and as we have seen from many people on both sides of the aisle who are encouraging the Fed to go ahead and raise interest rates, the days of the luxury of not having to deal with the debt service of our accu-mulated debt will soon be behind us. So what does that mean? It means that not ‘‘if’’ but ‘‘when’’ interest rates go up 1 percent—in financial terms, what is called 100 basis points and, in English, what is called 1 percent—the Federal Government will be charged an additional $160 billion a year in annual interest payments just on that accu-mulated debt—$160 billion in additional debt service for every 1 point rise in in-terest rates. If you were to see a spike in interest rates of 3 or 4 or 5 percent, which we saw in earlier times in our country—I do not think that will hap-pen—it would basically bankrupt the Federal Government. The truth is, even that relatively minor 1-percent increase in the inter-est rate and the additional $160 billion in debt service comes right off the top. That payment comes before we pay So-cial Security, before we pay our mili-tary, before we pay for roads. That $160 billion is more than we currently spend on the Departments of Education and Homeland Security combined, and that is not an obligation we can avoid pay-ing. As I mentioned, here is the truth. Fiscal discipline should not depend on who sits in the White House, and fiscal discipline should not depend on who controls Congress. There were many of us who were involved in the so-called Gang of 6, who advocated for the Simp-son-Bowles plan a number of years back. It was not perfect, but it would have gotten us out of this challenge. The truth is, every day, every month, every year we wait to address this structural imbalance, the problem only gets worse. With the tools we have, in plain old balance sheet terms—I have been a business guy longer than I have been in politics—you have to either raise revenue or cut spending, which means the cuts that will have to take place or the reforms that will be re-quired to take place in our entitlement programs or the amount of revenues that will have to be raised will only make it more difficult. As I have said, as to the issue of the deficit and the debt, neither party has clean hands. Frankly, memories in this town are conveniently short. In the coming weeks, as we head to-ward the possible convergence of the debt ceiling, government funding, tax reform, and a government shutdown, here is what I have urged my col-leagues to pay close attention to. First, the White House and my Sen-ate colleagues should avoid using rosy scenarios just to make their proposals look fiscally responsible when they are not. Over the next decade, the Congres-sional Budget Office has said— Congress’s official scorekeeper, and let me acknowledge again that, no matter who is in charge, everybody likes to blame the CBO, but it is our referee— it expects our GDP growth to average a little above 1.8 percent per year. I hope we can do better, but that is what the referee says. The Trump administra-tion’s budget is based on 7 straight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.033 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4975 September 6, 2017 
years of 3 percent growth. Now, that is a great aspiration, but any responsible business would not base its assump-tions of its budget on a going-forward basis of rejecting our official referee, the CBO, and in effect plucking a num-ber out of the air. Why do they do it? Those rosy and unrealistic economic assumptions allow the administration to claim a fictional $3 trillion in addi-tional tax revenue over the next 10 years. That is the differential in 1.2 percent of additional growth in 7 years straight. The administration, in its proposal, then uses this fake revenue to cloak additional tax cuts and spend-ing cuts under the banner of fiscal re-sponsibility. That is wrong and irre-sponsible, and no responsible organiza-tion or business would take those ac-tions. Second, the administration cannot shift costs to others and then claim it as a savings. Look no further than what the Trump budget does with Fed-eral programs for the poor. Over the next decade, it calls for slashing more than $600 billion from Medicaid, and that does not include the additional cuts to Medicaid that were proposed in its ill-fated healthcare reform. The truth is, Medicaid is a partnership be-tween the Federal Government and the States, and as a former Governor, I am aware of this in real time. So a $600 bil-lion cut at the Federal level has a di-rect impact on State Medicaid respon-sibilities. It simply squeezes the bal-loon, forcing the States to either dra-matically up their shares of the cost to Medicaid or dramatically cut back services. Third, the administration claims that its tax reform plan will pay for itself and stimulate so much economic growth that it will not add to the def-icit. This is maybe the most spurious claim of all made by the administra-tion. Here is the basic problem. The truth is, at least what the Trump pro-posal has put out so far has really very little to do with comprehensive tax re-form. Instead, it is a two-page wish list of tax cuts—a wannabe of every inter-est group that would like to get its spe-cial deal in the Tax Code to its advan-tage. Every time we promised tax cuts would pay for themselves, it has not worked out. Let’s remember that Ronald Rea-gan’s 1981 tax cut provided a short- term stimulus, but then deficits ballooned, and President Reagan had to raise taxes in 1982 and 1984. Likewise, President George W. Bush’s tax cuts in 2001 and 2003 provided that quick sugar high, but ultimately they had little im-pact on economic growth. Instead, the Bush tax cuts produced large deficits into the trillions and trillions of dol-lars that moved us from a budget sur-plus on an annual basis, which he in-herited, to the point at which, when President Obama came in, the deficits were approaching $1 trillion a year. Fourth, paying for tax cuts through deficit spending is a really bad idea. It will make reaching any responsible fis-cal goal that much more difficult. Also, studies show, tax cuts that add to the deficits are worse for growth over the long term than those that are paid for and actually can reduce growth over time. So any lawmaker who says he supports not paying for tax cuts should also have to explain why he thinks add-ing to our national debt is a good idea—a national debt that already stands at a record high, a national debt that is already at $20 trillion, a na-tional debt that when interest rates will go up, which they will, will end up sucking out $160 billion a year in addi-tional payments on an annual basis just for a 1-percent increase in interest rates. Fifth, it would be foolish to try to balance the budget by shortchanging investments that actually strengthen our economy and our competitiveness over the long term. The budget pro-posals we have seen from the adminis-tration and the House Republican lead-ership takes a meat cleaver to a couple of the key areas that actually govern-ment should be invested more in—re-search and development, education and workforce training, and infrastructure. As a former business guy, as somebody who has invested in more businesses, created public companies, was a ven-ture capitalist for almost two decades, I have looked at businesses, and I have based my willingness to invest on whether they had good plans in terms of investing in their workforces, in-vesting in their plants and equipment, and investing and staying ahead of the competition. For a government, that means, with regard to the workforce, investing in education. When investing in plants and equipment, that means infrastructure. Staying ahead of the competition means investing in re-search and development. Let’s put it like this. I would never have invested in a business that spends less than 10 percent of its revenues on those critical investments. That is not the way for our country to make re-sponsible investments either. The truth is, the Trump proposals would take our current investments in edu-cation, infrastructure, and research and development to way less than 10 percent of our total revenues. Finally, we can achieve fiscally re-sponsible and bipartisan tax reform, and I actively look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on these reforms. There is no area I have spent more time on, and I think I bring something to the table as both a former Governor and, more impor-tantly, perhaps as somebody who has built businesses for more than two dec-ades. I also strongly suggest that nothing could help our economy more than a bipartisan agreement on a responsible path to making sure we do not simply salute when our deficit is only $400 bil-lion or $500 billion a year but when we actually start to bring that deficit down. Those are the challenges that are be-fore us. In many ways, we will start to see the outlines of those challenges this month. I look forward to actually trying to move the ball forward on these very important issues. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
HURRICANE HARVEY Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it has been 1 week since Hurricane Harvey hit the State of Texas, and although the rain has now stopped, the damage con-tinues, as much of the water that has moved through Houston is now moving downstream to rivers and bayous and areas south of Houston. People’s lives are still being disrupted, and unfortu-nately more and more bodies are being found, as the water has receded in places that have been flooded. Eight days ago, Harvey’s wrath was still being felt. Of course, we are still counting the cost, and, as one lady in Houston told my staff, ‘‘Normal is a long way off.’’ It is more than just days we are counting, though. As families return to their homes and piece their lives back to-gether, the numbers keep rolling in. Numbers are how we keep track, and I want to mention a number of numbers that I think will help all of us under-stand the magnitude of what has oc-curred and will help us wrap our heads around what this disaster has meant for not only Texas but for the country. The largest numbers are the tough-est—not the toughest to swallow, and I will get to those in a moment, but sim-ply to comprehend. They are the ones that make your jaw drop. Twenty-seven trillion—that is the number of gallons of rain that Harvey pummeled on Texas and Louisiana. Then there is 2.7 million—that is how many liters of water have been pro-vided to Texas by FEMA as of last Fri-day. Don’t forget that parts of the city of Beaumont are without drinking water or are subject to a boil notice for 7 more days. There is another number: 1 million. That is the number of cars reportedly destroyed by the storm—1 million cars. Forty thousand—that is the number of homes Harvey permanently wrecked. At least that many people are still, even today, in shelters, living off of cots at convention centers, inside gov-ernment-funded motel rooms, or living with friends and family. Next come the middle batch of num-bers, slightly smaller and more man-ageable sums. Some of these actually come as a relief. Some of them remind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.003 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4976 September 6, 2017 
us why writer Walker Percy, a native of our neighbor Louisiana, used to say that hurricanes, as terrible and life-al-tering as they are, sometimes give us hope—because they draw people closer together as neighbor helps neighbor. Four thousand two hundred—that is the number of pounds of flour employ-ees went through at El Bolillo res-taurant in Southeast Houston. The bakers were trapped inside their kitch-en for 2 days during the storm, so what did they do? They did what bakers al-ways do: They baked. In this case, they baked up pan dulce—traditional Mexi-can pastries—for flood victims. Their ovens were on all night for their neigh-bors. One young girl on Twitter praised the Bolillo bakers as ‘‘angels.’’ They gave people what they needed most, perhaps, during this storm, and that is a sense of normalcy. Two thousand seven hundred thirty- one—that is the number of cattle, horses, and sheep which various ranch-ers and helicopter pilots, like Ryan Ashcraft, have saved in places like Brazoria County and which are now in-side makeshift stables in fairgrounds and parking lots. Animal rescue has been a crucial and difficult part of the equation in communities affected by the storm. Of course, in the shelters Senator C
RUZand I visited, they had to make accommodation for pets because people wouldn’t leave their cat or dog in the floods. They wouldn’t leave un-less they could bring their animal with them. They have had to make some ac-commodation—and they have—which made it easier for people to leave their flooded homes. Then there is another number: 200. That is the number of soaking-wet, stranded Houstonians Jim McIngvale and his staff rescued in their delivery trucks. Most of us from Texas, and es-pecially from Houston, know Mr. McIngvale as ‘‘Mattress Mack.’’ He is in the furniture business, and he opened up his giant furniture show-rooms as shelters. They provided port-able showers and an inventory of brand-new beds and sofas for folks who had nowhere else to sleep. Getting rest couldn’t have been easy, though, not when so many displaced people were still thinking about the storm and its consequences, still feel-ing the dampness in their clothes and remembering the pounding rain and wondering what they were going to do to get on with their lives. One hundred thirty-two—that num-ber represents the speed in miles per hour of the most punishing wind gusts recorded in Port Aransas on August 25. It is hard to imagine the power of the wind attacking homes and structures— eight times faster than a charging bull. In the days ahead, we need to remem-ber just how strong the storm really was. I brought a few charts to help re-mind us of that and the aftermath. This is a picture outside of Houston. I visited a synagogue in a place called Meyerland in the Houston area where they have literally been flooded 3 years in a row. This is one of the members of that congregation, and she invited me to come to her home so I could see all the damaged drywall, furniture, and other items on her front lawn which have now been pulled out of her house. Finally, we come to the last set of numbers, the smallest ones but in many ways the most painful, the hard-est to forget, numbers like 45, which is the angle in degrees of bent electric poles I saw in Rockport when I toured the destruction after the storm last week. Other electrical poles lay on the ground. The town smelled of gasoline and even natural gas leaks, which we smelled in the Rockport area. Of course, the ground was littered with broken glass and strewn books and things like that. Boats in the marina had been tossed about and smashed, their sails ripped to shreds, as local residents had mostly fled. Here is an-other picture of that damage in Rock-port, TX. Harder still, though, is the number 25, which is the years Andrew Pasek lived before he tragically stepped on a live electrical wire in ankle-deep water on August 29. A resident of Houston, Andrew was an animal lover, and he was trying to locate and save his older sister’s cat when he stepped on this electrical wire and lost his life. We, of course, offer our condolences to all of those families who have lost loved ones, including Andrew’s, in their time of grief, and we pledge to remem-ber him and all of the flood victims in our prayers. Sadly, Andrew was joined by 59 others who lost their lives. As I said earlier, that number continues to grow each day as the waters recede and as we find people who did not leave their homes, perhaps because they were elderly and unable to get out, living alone, for example. So we expect that number to, sadly, get even higher. Six is the number of family members Samuel Saldivar lost when a van he was driving was tossed by a strong cur-rent into the bayou. As with Andrew’s family, our thoughts and prayers go out to Samuel during what I am sure has been a dark and trying week, one nearly impossible to make sense of. But for each story of loss, each fam-ily that is hurting, there are many other reasons for hope as we embark on what is a long road to recovery. Consider five—the number of bed-rid-den, elderly patients from Cypress Glen Nursing Home who required special boats to get them out, boats with gen-erators that could power their life sup-port assistance. We are grateful for Good Samaritans like Dan LeBlanc from Port Arthur, Doug Barles, Jr., and Robert Bode for managing this operation, which was no easy task. Here is a picture of those gentleman. Volunteers with no special expertise in search and rescue, these gentleman saved more than 100 pa-tients. Finally, the number I will end with is zero. That is the amount of com-plaining done by a gentleman named Jim Rath who exemplifies the Texas spirit. His house was destroyed in a flood 2 years ago, and he had just fin-ished rebuilding it when Harvey hit and destroyed it again. Was he shaken by this course of events? Well, sure, he was. But did he complain? No, he did not. Of all his lost possessions, Mr. Rath said, ‘‘The main thing is: This is just stuff.’’ Then, like other Texans are doing now, he rolled up his sleeves. With saws and jackhammers, they are already moving forward. Zero is also the amount of time we have to waste here in Congress. The Texans I know aren’t just sitting around waiting for the government or for government aid, but that doesn’t mean we should twiddle our thumbs here in Washington, DC. We have to act. That is why I am working with Senator CRUZand the entire Texas del-egation in crafting an aid request that addresses flood relief but without im-posing burdensome mandates or regula-tions. As Peggy Noonan wrote in the Wall Street Journal this week, this measure needs to be tight and specific. She said: 
There should be no larding up or loading it down with extraneous measures. This is an emergency. 
But that means we have to act and act with dispatch. I applaud the House of Representa-tives for moving quickly today to ap-prove an initial $8 billion downpay-ment on disaster relief, and I urge my colleagues in this Chamber to follow the House’s lead and expedite passage for this first tranche, this downpay-ment on what will surely be a more ex-pensive list of costs. We are going to continue to work with Governor Ab-bott and the team back in the State to make sure the Federal, State, and local actors are all on the same page. But right now, let’s quickly send Texas a downpayment. Let’s show that we are actually serious. I was gratified by the outpouring of emails and texts—even the Presiding Officer reached out, and I appreciate that—from people expressing their con-cern about what was happening in Texas. I appreciate that very much. But now we need to demonstrate that those weren’t just words and follow them up with concrete action. As we all process the numbers from the storm, I believe the important one today is zero—the amount of time we have to lose. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I rise today in support of heroes, in support of unity, and in support of love and com-passion. I thank the senior Senator from Texas for his heartfelt remarks and leadership during this time of cri-sis, and I thank leaders across the State of Texas and across the country who are standing with the people of Texas. Texas is hurting. This hurricane, Hurricane Harvey, is unlike anything 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.005 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4977 September 6, 2017 
we have seen. I grew up in Houston. When you live on the gulf coast, you are used to hurricanes. It is part of life. I remember as a kid sheltering in the bathroom with my parents when Hurri-cane Alicia hit. We had a tree come down in the front yard. Harvey was dif-ferent. Harvey was unlike anything we have ever seen before. Harvey is being described accurately as a 1,000-year storm, something that occurs every 1,000 years. In Texas, we have never seen any-thing like it. Harvey started out as a category 4 storm, hitting South Texas, hitting Corpus Christi, Victoria, Rock-port, Port Aransas, and Aransas Pass, all of which I visited in the past 2 weeks. Those communities were dev-astated by category 4 winds that de-stroyed homes, that destroyed schools, that destroyed county courthouses, city halls, and buildings and took down wires, took down power, took down water, and took down sewage. As I visited each of those commu-nities, you would drive down the street, and you would simply see home after home that had been obliterated by hurricane winds. I remember talk-ing to the mother of a high schooler at Rockport High School who doesn’t know where her son is going to go now because Rockport High School has been largely destroyed by the hurricane. She was saying how much the kids wanted to graduate from their high school, but their high school is badly damaged right now. Harvey wasn’t finished after making landfall and wreaking destruction. Har-vey then turned north, north and east, and moved over the city of Houston and just sat there, sat there dumping rain, day after day after day. I was home with my wife and kids. I live in Houston. For every day of those rains, it kept coming and coming. It is actually what made Harvey different. We are used to getting hit by a hurri-cane. Then it leaves, and you go and re-pair the damage and pick up the pieces. Harvey didn’t have the good graces to leave. It sat there and dumped 27 tril-lion gallons of rain. Over 50 inches, which is typically as much as Houston receives in an entire year, fell in 4 days. We saw flooding in parts of the city that had never flooded. I went in an airboat, just north of the Addicks Dam in northwest Houston, riding through a neighborhood with water up to the roofs of houses. It was an ordinary sub-urban neighborhood. You could see all the vestiges of families playing there. You could see children’s toys floating in the water in the backyard. You could see holes in the roof, where ei-ther people in the attic had taken an ax and broken through to get out to es-cape the rising water or where first re-sponders had broken in to get them out. We took a boat down Clay Road, a fairly large road in northwest Houston. I know Clay Road well. I became a Christian at Clay Road Baptist Church. Clay Road is completely underwater. It looks like you are in the middle of a lake. You look out and see nothing but water as far as the eye can see. I rode with a local constable right down the middle of Clay Road, going over cars, but the water was high enough—8, 10 feet high—you didn’t even know when you were passing over cars that were submerged beneath you. As we were going down Clay Road, we saw an alli-gator swimming across Clay Road. The scope of this disaster defies words. It is not one community or two communities or three communities. It is over 250 miles, stretching from Cor-pus Christi all the way to Louisiana. In the Houston area alone, the flooding is massive—neighborhoods where there is a real possibility that every single home will have to be knocked down and rebuilt, every single government building will have to be knocked over and rebuilt. On the airboat, I saw the county courthouse up to the roof in water. I saw a local LDS Church up to the roof in water. I saw a gas station with six or seven cars still parked outside. The water was right at the roof of the cars. It shows you just how fast that water rose. They were parked at the gas sta-tion. They had presumably stopped for some last-minute supplies, and the water rose so high they couldn’t get out. They are still in their parking spots, but yet the water is at their roof. That same gas station, up high on the door was a red neon sign that said ‘‘Open’’ that was still lit, flickering ‘‘Open’’ as you look out over the vast expanses of water. The damage continued going east, hitting communities like Beaumont, like Port Arthur, like Nederland, like Orange, and into Louisiana—all of those communities I visited in the past 2 weeks and have massive devastation. Texas is hurting mightily, and yet, as I said, my remarks today are not about pain and suffering, they are not about death and loss and despair; they are, instead, about hope—hope that be-gins with the heroes of Harvey. We saw, over the last 2 weeks, incredible illustrations of bravery over and over again, every day, every hour, every minute. There were the first respond-ers, the firefighters, the police officers, and EMS who risked their lives, includ-ing, tragically, Sergeant Perez of the Houston Police Department who lost his life in this storm. He went to go to work, and his wife pleaded with him: Please don’t go to work. It is too dan-gerous out there. He said: I have to go. It is my job to save lives. He went. He couldn’t go to his reg-ular duty station. All the roads were flooded. There was no way to get there so he went to look for another duty station to report to, and tragically he got caught in high-rising water and drowned. There were the coastguardsmen who flew in choppers and dove into wild water to save people’s lives. I have spent a lot of time in the last 2 weeks visiting with the men and women of the Coast Guard—what incredible he-roes—flying in the chopper with them, surveying the damage of the Houston Ship Channel, talking with Coast Guard swimmers. You want to talk about a tough bunch of heroes, the swimmers—almost every one of them ripped as the guys that know their way around a weight room—who in hurri-cane winds and hurricane waters will dive off of a chopper and swim to some-one in distress. Many times the person in distress is so terrified, their first re-action is to grab the swimmer and practically try to pull the swimmer under too. These swimmers have to be strong, strong enough to help someone terrified and at the verge of death get in that basket, get in that basket of life, be pulled up to a chopper. In the last 2 weeks I visited with person after person who was pulled off of the roof of their home by the Coast Guard into a chopper. The National Guardsmen, I have spent a lot of time thanking them over the last 2 weeks. We had 14,000 Na-tional Guardsmen called up in the State of Texas, but National Guards-men from 41 States across the country came flooding in. That was part of the story of heroes. There were a great many Houstonians, there were a great many Texans from all over Texas, but there were people from all over the country. When I drove through Refugio—a small town on the gulf coast that had been devastated by hurricane winds—I stopped at the fire department unan-nounced just to come in and thank the firefighters. Actually, I met a couple of firefighters. They were not the local ones. They had expelled the local fire-fighters to go home and get some sleep after several days of having no sleep at all. They were a couple of California firefighters who jumped in their truck and had driven east from California to get to Texas. At the fire station in Rockport, there was a whole line of firetrucks, one after the other. You looked at each firetruck, on the door, and it was the name of a different city. Every one of them had the same story. They saw what was happening and said: I can help. They jumped in the firetruck and they headed to Texas. The outpouring of love we have seen has been extraordinary. It wasn’t just the first responders who were so ex-traordinary. We cannot overstate the gratitude Texas feels for those heroes of Harvey, but I will tell you the most powerful story of Harvey, I believe, are the thousands of ordinary men and women who stepped up to save their neighbors, who went and grabbed a boat or a jet ski or anything that could float and went into harm’s way to pull people out of life-endangering situa-tions—hundreds and hundreds of red-necks in bass boats. Texas at its very finest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.006 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4978 September 6, 2017 
Mr. President, as an Alaskan, I can promise you, you would have been right at home with the rednecks in bass boats. All these guys in duck wad-ers, fearlessly walking into the charg-ing waters, pulling people out, one after the other, after the other. The Harris County Emergency Oper-ation Center had an entire wall covered with Post-it Notes because when the local officials put out a call, if you have a flat-bottom boat, if you have a personal watercraft and can help, we need your help, hundreds and hundreds of calls began coming in. They put them all on Post-its with the name and cell phone. Then the emergency oper-ation center operated essentially as a dispatch, where a 911 call would come in, somebody in distress, and they would pick up the phone and call some-one’s cell phone and say: Hey, your neighbor 6 blocks down needs your help. Can you be there? There were hundreds upon hundreds risking their lives to save their neigh-bors. Texans helping Texans. We had, among others, Louisiana sending the Cajun Navy—over 100 boats. They would go in and save people and then they cooked jambalaya. That is neigh-borly love. I met people who had come from Fort Worth, from Lubbock, from East Texas, from Oklahoma, from Illinois, from Alaska, from New York. I was at the George R. Brown Convention Cen-ter, the shelter that was set up. I met an individual there. He was a New York firefighter, a big guy. He told me he was serving the New York Fire Depart-ment on September 11. He told me, when 9/11 hit New York, when that ter-rorist attack hit, the love New York received from across the country, the outpouring of support New York re-ceived from across the country made a profound impact on him. He said now, when there is a major natural disaster, he gets in his truck and heads down to help. He said: You know what. That is my way of saying thank you, my way of saying thank you for what the country did on Sep-tember 11. He wanted to be in Harvey and pull people out of harm’s way to say thank you. All I could do is simply give him a hug. That heroism was happening every day and every hour. We all mourn the loss of life. There are tragic stories, heartbreaking stories, whether Sergeant Perez, whether it is the young mother in Beaumont who gave her life saving her little girl. Her little girl was pulled from her dead mother’s chest, floating in the water, just min-utes before being lost forever. As tragic as it is, that little girl will always know the love her mother had for her. There is the story the senior Senator from Texas just told of the van in Houston that took six to their death. Two elderly grandparents dealing with Alzheimer’s disease and four children all lost their lives. We mourn those tragedies, but I will tell you that we celebrate also. This disaster easily could have seen a death toll 10 times higher or 100 times higher. There were recorded over 51,000 people saved by search-and-rescue missions. Roughly 2,000 pets were saved by search-and-rescue missions. One of the things the first responders told me over and over was this: You had better be able to take the pets because there are a whole lot of people, as the water is rising, who, if you are not willing to take Fluffy or Fido, will stay in the rushing water. So we celebrate the bravery of all those who risked their lives to save others. In any disaster, there are three phases. Phase No. 1 is the active crisis, where search and rescue is the only pri-ority—saving lives. Let me say that in the city of Houston and the State of Texas, we saw a coordination across levels of government I have never seen before. The city officials, the county officials, the State officials, and the Federal officials were all working hand-in-hand seamlessly, not engaging in the bickering. There were no party lines. There were no Republicans. There were no Democrats. There was no Black, White, or Hispanic. There were Texans and Americans saving the lives of each other. You saw govern-ment working seamlessly together, not having the turf wars that in other con-texts might so easily shut down get-ting anything done, by simply saying: How can I help? What can I do? What else do you need? After the search and rescue is over, after the saving of lives, there is the next phase, and that phase is relief— providing relief to the people who have lost everything right then. We have roughly 260 shelters that have been stood up across the State of Texas by wonderful private organizations. The Red Cross has done a phenomenal job. The Salvation Army has done a phe-nomenal job. Churches have done an in-credible job. Private nonprofits have done an incredible job. There are individual citizens, such as ‘‘Mattress Mack,’’ who owns Gallery Furniture. He is a friend of mine. He is a terrific Houston entrepreneur who opened up his furniture stores as shel-ters. He said: Come on in. Do you need a bed? We happen to have a furniture store full of beds. It was not only that. He sent out his delivery trucks to pick people up in harm’s way. At one of the shelters last week, I visited with an older woman who was on oxygen and uses a walker. She de-scribed how her house began filling with water, and she walked out of her house in waist-deep water pushing that walker. My mom uses a walker. I know how difficult it is to get around when you are mobility impaired. I cannot imag-ine how difficult it was for her pushing through the waist-deep water, fleeing for her life. She was picked up by a Gallery Furniture delivery truck. She was picked up and taken to the shelter. I called Mack and told him that story. I told him just one story of the lives he was saving. That is just one ex-ample of the heroes who stepped for-ward for their community. Anheuser-Busch shut down beer pro-duction to deliver more than 155,000 cans of water. Now, you know we are in a time of miracles when Anheuser- Busch isn’t producing beer, but that is a generosity of spirit. One of the State officials who was helping lead the disaster relief called Academy. They had a warehouse just west of Houston, out in Katy. He said: How many boats do you have in the warehouse? The fellow from Academy told him. He said: Fine, we want them. We want them all. He said: Great, come take them. They are yours. DPS sent trucks. They loaded up the boats and sent the boats out to rescue people. J.J. Watt, the great Texans football player who, I hope, a year from now will be wearing a Super Bowl ring, launched a charity effort raising over $10 million on Twitter, just saying: Let’s help people who are hurting. Shelters were stood up at the George R. Brown Convention Center and the NRG Center, both of which I have spent significant time at during the last 2 weeks. I remember one morning at the George R. Brown Convention Center. I was helping to serve breakfast. We were serving oatmeal. There was a fel-low standing to my right, and I turned to him and said: Thank you for being here. Something I try to do a lot of is just to thank people. I don’t think you can thank people enough in the midst of a crisis for what they are doing. Thank you for being here. Thank you for helping other folks. He just began laughing. He said: Well, you know, I have to be here; my house is under water. He said: I am staying here; this is the only place I have to sleep. Yet he was up at the food line helping to serve others. There were two gentlemen whom I met at that same shelter, and I asked them, as I tried to ask everyone: How are you doing? How is your home doing? Two different gentlemen told me: Well, I don’t have a home. I am home-less. One said: I sleep under the bridge. Both of them were volunteering. Both of them were sweeping the floor. So they weren’t just taking shelter. Even in the midst of distress, they were helping out to keep the facility clean and to care for the needs of oth-ers. Earlier this week, I was in Port Ar-thur. Port Arthur is a relatively low- income community in Texas, heavily minority. It was hit very, very badly by the storm. There were devastating floods in Port Arthur. I was at an Afri-can-American church helping to give out food and supplies to people who had lost everything, and I was visiting a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.008 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4979 September 6, 2017 
line of cars as people were driving up. You would say to each person: What do you need? They would need some water. They would need some food, some diapers, or maybe some dog food or cat food. Several things were amazing. One, al-most to a person, was what I have heard at least a hundred times in the last 2 weeks when you talk to someone who has lost their car or who has lost their house. You would say: I am so sorry. We are praying for you, and we are with you. Over and over, I heard people say: You know what; there are people a lot worse off than me. I may have lost my home, but at least I have my life. At least I have my kids. It is powerful to hear over and over, when you try to comfort someone, and they say: Look at everyone else who needs it more than I do. But at the same time, when you would hand some-thing to someone who came in—a young mom would come in who needed diapers—and you would hand her two packets of diapers, she would say: No, no, I will just take one. Somebody else needs that other one. Give that to someone else who needs that. I heard that at relief centers in Port Arthur, in Beaumont, in Victoria, in Rockport, in Houston. I heard that same message over and over: There is someone else who needs it. At that church in Port Arthur, there was a cou-ple there, both of whom had lost their home. They had lost everything, and they had been from dawn to dusk at the church, volunteering and helping others. They said, actually: Helping others is how we are getting through this. Now, there are also moments of joy. I visited with two little boys who were in their home and the water rose to waist level, and they had to be rescued, I think, by boat. I think they were about 8 and 10 years old. I asked the boys: Boys, was that scary? They laughed and said: Are you kid-ding? We got to swim in our living room. Those moments of laughter and joy are important, even in the face of fear, death, and destruction. The unity we are seeing has been remarkable. Then, the third and final phase will be rebuilding. Rebuilding is going to be a project that is going to take days, and, then, it is going to take weeks, and, then, it is going to take months, and it will ultimately take years. The scope of this devastation is massive. There are multiple estimates that this may prove the costliest natural dis-aster in U.S. history. Having seen first-hand the scope of the disaster and the thousands of homes and businesses de-stroyed, I can readily believe it. I am here to say that Texas is com-ing back. We are going to rebuild. In East Texas, I visited with the mayor of a small town whose entire town was destroyed. Every home, every building was under water. Her home was under water. The mayor was just in tears. The whole town was gone. She said: If we rebuild—and I was there with several firefighters, police offi-cers, and a county judge. We all hugged her. We said: There is no ‘‘if.’’ We will rebuild. We will come together. We will stand as one, and we will rebuild. We are seeing incredible generosity from Texans, and we are seeing leader-ship. I want to commend leadership at every level of government. I want to commend President Trump for his leadership during this crisis. I have spoken to the President multiple times throughout the course of this storm. From the very first call, right when the storm was about to make landfall, his message was consistent. He said: T
ED, whatever Texas needs, it has. The answer is yes. When the Governor asked for a disaster declaration, the President signed it while the Governor was still on the phone. The President convened a week ago a Cabinet meeting via teleconference and instructed every Cabinet member to lean in. Whatever the State needs, give it to them. Give it to them fast. Be there. Every resource we have, make it available. I began to see Cabinet member after Cabinet member picking up the phone and calling. The Secretary of Health and Human Services said: All right, on the health side, what more can we be doing? How can we be helping the people in hos-pitals who are being evacuated? On the education side, the Secretary of Education said: How can we help the kids whose schools have been flooded? There was the Secretary of Energy, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry. The Secretary of HUD focused on the massive housing challenges. Of course, the Director of FEMA has been down in Texas repeatedly. The Federal Government leaned in with all the resources with a swiftness that I have never seen. At the State level, let me say that Governor Greg Abbott has done an ex-traordinary job. He is a close friend and mentor. He has led the State when we had crises playing out. When the city and county officials in Houston told me they didn’t have enough emer-gency response vehicles, enough chop-pers, enough boats, enough high-water trucks, within hours the Governor and the Federal Government were able to flood the region with assets, with man-power, with the National Guard, with DPS troopers, and with coastguards-men, so that those thousands and thou-sands of rescues could happen. At the local level, all across Texas there are county judges. One county judge in East Texas, whom I visited with a few days ago, just buried his mother. His mother had died right be-fore the storm, and the storm was such that she couldn’t be buried in the midst of the storm. So she was in the funeral home until just a couple of days ago, and he was able to put her to rest. Yet he was out there leading the effort. There are mayors and county judges. In Houston, Mayor Sylvester Turner and Harris County Judge Ed Emmett— one a Democrat and one a Republican— are working seamlessly as one. That unity has been powerful. In the next stage of rebuilding, we will have resources available. There are going to be very, very significant State resources. My office is working very closely with Governor Greg Ab-bott to mobilize the State resources and make them available and then at the Federal level. I commend the leadership in Con-gress and the administration for re-sponding swiftly with the relief man-dated under statute. The relief efforts are being led by the Texas delegation in the House and by Senator C ORNYN  and myself here in the Senate, and we will see, I believe, strong bipartisan support for the Federal relief needed to help people come out of this. But Texas will rebuild. We will come out stronger, and it will be through that same spirit, that same fearless-ness, and that same compassion and love and unity that brought us through the crisis and saved thousands of lives. That same spirit will help us rebuild even stronger. Let me finally say to all the men and women across the State of Texas, across the United States, and across the world who have been lifting us up in prayer, thank you. Thank you for your prayers. I was at a church in Port Arthur vis-iting family after family, hugging women and men and children who had lost everything. A message of comfort I tried to give to each and every one of them was this: When you go to bed to-night, you are not alone. You are being lifted up in prayer by millions of peo-ple across Texas, across the country, and across the world. You are going through this journey surrounded by prayer warriors. The day before yesterday, my family and I went to a home in Missouri City. A woman had lost everything in the flood. We joined a church group in helping her clean out her house and helping her tear down the sheetrock the floodwater had destroyed. My girls Caroline and Catherine took part in it. I would say that Caroline, my 9-year- old, we discovered, can wield a mean hammer when it comes to taking out sheetrock. The experience for my girls and my family and that group was just helping, neighbor helping neighbor. As this woman grieved the loss of priceless memories, she also held on to special and wonderful memories. One thing we found was a note she had writ-ten to Santa Claus as a 9-year-old; that was saved. Another was a lock of hair from when she was 3 years old that was in an envelope and carefully preserved; that was safe. What I shared with her is the same thing I shared with Texans suffering across the State: You are not alone. America stands as one. Today, there are no Democrats, there are no Republicans. On other days, there may be issues that divide us. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.010 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4980 September 6, 2017 
will continue to debate tax policy and everything else, but today we are all Americans and we are all Texans. We are standing as one. That is the spirit that built our Nation, and it is the spirit that will rebuild Texas and Lou-isiana after this disaster. Let me note that it is also the spirit that has us standing in unity with the people of Puerto Rico, the people of the Caribbean, and the people of Florida who are in harm’s way as Irma bears down upon them. Our prayers are that the storm will turn into the Atlantic, dissipate, and turn away from people, but whatever happens, if there is to be yet another major storm hitting Amer-ica, know that we will stand united in harm’s way. We will stand as one, and united we can overcome anything. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MONTANA WILDFIRES Mr. TESTER. Madam President, today I rise to talk about a different natural disaster. It is happening in the great State of Montana, and every cor-ner of our State of Montana has felt the impacts of wildfires. In Montana, we are experiencing a historic drought. As you can see from the map, the red indicates it is very se-vere, and it gets less from there. But the fact is, there is a large portion of land along our northern tier that is ex-periencing incredible drought, and Montana is in the middle of it all. Nearly all of our great State is under historic drought conditions. With dry grass, high winds, and dry lightning storms, it is no wonder that currently in our State we have nearly 30 high-priority fires raging as I speak today. Just last week, we had over 40 new fires spark in Montana. That isn’t counting the ones that are currently in existence; there are over 40 new ones. Over the last month, I went across my State and saw with my own eyes the fires across Montana. All Mon-tanans are dealing with smoke-filled air, often in highly hazardous condi-tions. You can see here the chart of the smoke. It has been incredibly debili-tating, quite frankly. I have heard stories of ranchers in eastern Montana—in fact, I am talking about the eastern two-thirds of Mon-tana—who took the shoes off their horses for fear that the metal clicking on rocks might spark and light up dry grass. Hikers in Glacier National Park fran-tically parked their cars and fled due to evacuation notices. Families in Whitehall, MT, left their homes with keepsakes and the sprin-klers on the roof, just in case the fires crept closer to the only homes they have ever known. Children in Seeley Lake, a little town in western Montana, saw their first day of school canceled due to fire danger. I might add that the smoke was incredible in Seeley Lake and has been for about the last month. More than 900,000 acres across Mon-tana have already burned. To put that in context, the State of Rhode Island is about 777,000 square miles. More than 900,000 acres in Montana have already burned. One fire alone—the Lodgepole Complex—burned 270,000 acres. That is larger than the city of New York. As I stand here today, more than 600,000 acres continue to burn. There are ac-tive fires on 600,000 acres. Firefighters have spent $220 million to try to get a handle in Montana alone. Nationwide, we have seen a 70-per-cent increase in acres burned this year than last year, when the Federal Gov-ernment spent $1.9 billion fighting fires. Let me put that in perspective. We have 70 percent more fires burning this year than last year, and last year we spent $1.9 billion fighting fires. The bill is going to be huge this year. In Montana, we have tragically lost two brave firefighters—Trenton John-son and Brent Witham. These two young men selflessly and courageously put their lives on the line protecting our great State. We have seen pastures burn, fences turn to ashes, and structures crumble before our eyes. In fact, the Glacier Na-tional Park’s Sperry Chalet, a hotel that was built way back in 1913, was engulfed in flames and destroyed. It hopefully will be rebuilt, but the truth is, you do not rebuild a chalet that was built in 1913. It is gone. The historic Lake McDonald Lodge, a cornerstone of Glacier National Park, stands in the path of the flames. Montana’s forests, our national parks, our agriculture industry—these are all backbones of our economy in Montana. As these fires rage, Montana feels that economic impact. Tourists stay home, ranchers lose grazing land, cattle that survive the fire go hungry, river guides stay off the smoky water, and Montana’s economy suffers. Montana has been fortunate to have many brave men and women working together to fight these fires. Folks have collaborated at all levels of gov-ernment to try to fight Mother Nature, but we all know that Mother Nature bats last. Whether it is the floods in Houston or Hurricane Irma, which is threat-ening Florida, the wildfires across the West, or extreme drought in the Plains, we cannot deny that our climate is changing. Over the past 10 years, we have seen hundred-year storms every few years. We have seen hurricanes re-peatedly besiege the gulf and east coast. Historic droughts are becoming common, and water shortages are rou-tine. Unprecedented disasters are be-coming the new normal, and it is put-ting a strain on our government, on our economy, and on our citizens. Climate change is real, and we can’t continue to sit in silence. We have to take proactive steps to keep it at bay. It is costing taxpayers, it is altering our way of life, and our economy is suf-fering in the process. Since Hurricane Sandy in 2012, we have spent more than $100 billion in supplemental disaster relief. Let me say that again. Since Hurricane Sandy back in 2012—not that long ago—we have spent more than $100 billion in supplemental disaster relief. That is $100 billion in addition to what Con-gress has budgeted for disaster relief. That is $100 billion we could be spend-ing serving our veterans or improving our schools or building bridges and roads or paying down this Nation’s debt. But as our climate changes before our eyes, Congress continues to bury its head in the sand. We are left mort-gaging our children’s future to pay for disaster relief today. Look at the money we are going to spend on wildfires this year. Look at the funding we are going to be sending to Texas and Louisiana. I will state that I am all for sending help to those folks. I will be making sure the folks in this body understand that we also have to give resources to folks along the north-ern tier, especially Montana, because fighting fire is expensive and dan-gerous, and drought has dramatic im-pacts on our agricultural economy. I am very thankful that we have folks like this gentleman pictured on the frontlines fighting fires, trying to direct Mother Nature in those fires in a way that they will do the least amount of damage. We have heard a lot about the good folks and heroic folks down in Houston. We have seen the generosity, the her-oism, the fighting spirit of Texans. Well, as I have traveled around Mon-tana, I saw that same kind of heroism. I saw young men and women from across the country spending their sum-mers fighting fires in our forests and across our Plains. I saw communities coming together and opening up their doors and sending aid from across the State. I saw seamless collaboration be-tween Federal, State, Tribal, and coun-ty agencies to mitigate the damages across our State. We are seeing natural disasters across this country. This isn’t a con-test or comparison of devastation and misery; it is a testament to the Amer-ican spirit. No matter what Mother Na-ture throws our way, we are going to need to work together to overcome it. Saving lives and property when dis-aster strikes is a fundamental pillar of government. It is not a Democratic or Republican issue, it is an American re-sponsibility. The country’s faith in Washington, DC, is at an alltime low, but I am con-fident that we can work together to en-sure the victims of Harvey get the re-lief they need and that the States that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.011 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4981 September 6, 2017 
are burning and impacted by drought, such as Montana, have the resources they need to protect our citizens, our economy, and our way of life. As Congress works to get resources to the folks devastated by Harvey, I hope we can all take a page out of the American people’s book and work to-gether to get resources not only to the folks devastated by Harvey but the folks in Montana and the folks across the West who have been impacted so greatly by drought and wildfires. I am asking for each and every one of the folks who serve in this body to look at the photos and stand with the people of Montana as they fight for blue skies and fresh air once again. We need the resources. We do not need a delay. We need to send them quickly because lives and property and a thriving out-door economy are at risk. In the meantime, I ask for your pray-ers for all of the folks who have been impacted by disasters, including the folks from the Treasure State, as we endure the drought and these terrible fires. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:18 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 3 p.m., with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
ORDER FOR RECESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 3 p.m. today, the Senate recess until 4:15 p.m. to allow for the all-Senators briefing. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MONTANA WILDFIRES Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I left Montana yesterday morning to come back to Washington, DC, to do the work of the American people but, as al-ways, my heart remains in Big Sky Country. That is especially true right now as fires burn across our State. In fact, just yesterday, of the top 30 wildfires in the Nation, 28 of those 30 wildfires were in Montana. Our crisis in Montana isn’t water. It is not too much water. It is not hurri-canes. It is fire. It is smoke filling the air and filling our lungs. It is commu-nities being evacuated, Montanans standing on the side of the road look-ing at the fires moving toward their homes. We have seen the loss of homes and many structures. Montanans are looking at the tons of fuel just lying on the forest floor waiting for a spark to ignite. In fact, in this year alone, over 1,600 fires have burned nearly 1 million acres in Montana. That is nearly the size of the entire State of Delaware. At my invitation, Secretary of Agri-culture Sonny Perdue and Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke both came to Montana, just about 2 weeks ago—in fact, 2 weeks ago tomorrow—so they could see firsthand the impact wildfires are having on our great State. We went out and saw the Lolo Peak Fire. The impact is devastating. We need to be sure Montana gets the resources it needs, first of all, to stop the fires. I am very grateful to the men and women who are risking their lives to fight these fires, going on virtually very little sleep, living in tents, fight-ing these fires. The firefighters bat-tling on the ground are away from their families, and they are giving ev-erything to protect our lives, our lands, and our property. Tragically, al-ready in Montana, two firefighters have lost their lives—Trenton Johnson, age 19, and Brent Witham, age 29. Preventing wildfires is impossible, but we can do much more to lessen the severity and impact of these fires. Seven million federally controlled acres in Montana are at high risk for wildfire. Five million acres—five mil-lion acres—have been designated for accelerated forest management due to insect infestation. We are talking about dead trees. Yet, since 1990, our State of Montana has lost over 40 per-cent of its forestry workforce and two- thirds of its mills. The remaining mills that we have are not running around the clock, multiple shifts, which they could do, except for the fact they can’t get enough logs. We are literally bring-ing in logs from out of State and even out of the country to our mills in Mon-tana to keep them going. Let’s talk about Mineral County, MT. Mineral County was founded in 1914. This county in Western Montana is well known for its dense forests and abundant natural resources. The first sawmill came to this area around the turn of the 20th century. Multiple oth-ers followed suit. For decades, the tim-ber industry thrived. Montanans worked hard, and they earned good money in the timber industry. In fact, the timber industry produced tax reve-nues to support their schools, teachers, infrastructure, and allow our counties to prosper, but in the early 1990s things changed. Across the State of Montana, environmental lawsuits became a bar-rier to timber contracts that were awarded to Montana’s small busi-nesses. A community that once thrived on the abundant resources surrounding them now sits with one of the highest unemployment rates in the State. Today, Mineral County has just a single lumber mill. Folks living there today are watching the very resources that supported their grandparents burn. In fact, in Mineral County alone, over 25,000 acres have been torched this fire season, and the fires continue to burn. The weather outlook for Sep-tember continues with above normal temperatures and below normal pre-cipitation. This fire season is not over. We are going to be in it for quite some time. The mismanagement of our Federal forests and radical environmentalists have prevented hard-working Mon-tanans from having jobs, and this just adds more fuel, literally, to these wildfires. Our inability to act and treat these acres further deteriorates the health of our forests and the commu-nities that desperately depend on them. I can tell my colleagues—and I can speak on behalf of all of Montana—that we are tired of being told that others know better than we do when we watch our forests burn every summer, our mills close, our neighbors lose jobs, and our counties lay off road crews because they don’t have the funds anymore to support basic infrastructure, and our communities suffer from the lack of management of our Federal lands. A safe forest, a vibrant forest is a managed forest. A healthy forest is a managed forest, and timber jobs are good jobs. A properly managed forest is also good for wildlife habitat. We have teamed with the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation. Their headquarters are in Missoula, MT. If you want to see more elk, if you want to see more wildlife, you need to manage the forests. It is good for wildlife habitat and good for water quality. A wildfire is devastating to the watershed because what happens is the wildfires come through, they wipe out the trees and grasses, and then when the spring rains come—when the snow melt comes from the spring— we see tremendous erosion and devas-tation of fish habitat and the loss of good sources of water for our commu-nities. Let’s talk about the unspeakable amount of carbon emissions that are produced by these wildfires. I can tell my colleagues that we are done listen-ing to radical environmentalists when they tell us otherwise. Too many forest management projects have been held up in frivolous litigation at the ex-pense of the people of Montana. One such project—the Stonewall project— was halted because of the terrible Cot-tonwood decision, which is the 21st 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.012 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4982 September 6, 2017 
century poster child for radical envi-ronmental activism. Two fires blazed on the very lands that were set to be managed had it not been for these rad-ical environmentalists. This is wrong. We need litigation relief. We need to reform the process that our land man-agers go through to get these projects done. The National Environmental Pol-icy Act—NEPA—was established to provide guidance for land managers to analyze all project alternatives and allow for public comment. This process has become so bogged down with addi-tional steps and litigation that projects now at times take years to get through it. Others never even make it. When it takes this long to analyze whether to even start a project, the forests continue to get more and more overstocked, more and more littered with fuels. A forest is a renewable re-source, but if we do not manage the forests, they become unhealthy. They become prone to wildfire. Something needs to be done to streamline the process while allowing more collabora-tion between stakeholders. We can’t wait any longer. We need our colleagues to come to the table because we need comprehen-sive forest management reform. How many more thousands of acres in Mon-tana and all over the West must burn before we act? Tying the hands of the State, tying the hands of the local communities, tying the hands of the people of Montana who best know how to manage these lands has not served us well. We need to change course. I will work with anyone of any party and at all levels of our government to ensure that forests are managed in a way that reduces the severity of wildfires because Montanans deserve it, and because, quite frankly, it makes sense. Montanans are tired of seeing and breathing the smoke. The fire-fighters risking their lives out there deserve it as well. Here is the bottom line. Either we are going to manage the forests or the forests are going to manage us. It is time to put the loggers of Montana back to work. I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Wyoming. 
f 
WILDFIRES, HURRICANES HARVEY AND IRMA, AND HEALTHCARE REFORM Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, over the last several weeks I have spent a lot of time traveling around my home State of Wyoming, and the Presiding Officer may have in his home State of Arkansas as well. We all do. We talk to a lot of people and hear from a lot of people as we travel around to the ro-deos, the fairs, and the parades. One of the things I have been hearing more and more about because I am see-ing it daily in Wyoming—I know both Senator D
AINES and Senator T ESTER , both Senators from Montana have talked about it—has been the incred-ible forest fires that have been raging in the West. There are more than 1 mil-lion acres of land burning in the West. Smoke is spreading all around the West, certainly in Wyoming—fire as well as smoke—impacting people, im-pacting land, impacting the soil, air, water, and impacting life, as well as property. The damage that is happening is dra-matic, and in many ways it is similar to the kinds of comprehensive damage and destruction we are seeing with the big storms hitting, like Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which is on its way to Florida. These are incredible storms, and the people of Wyoming want to ex-press and share their sympathy for the people who have lost family members, who have lost property, and those who are still in danger. We also know in Wyoming that people are wanting to volunteer, wanting to go to help by col-lecting food, supplies, clothing, taking up collections, as well, in churches, schools, and communities because that is the American spirit. Today I come to the floor to express my admiration for the resilience of the people of the West, as well as the resil-ience of the people of Texas, Louisiana, and all Americans who are today deal-ing with the disasters they are facing in their homes. The other things I heard a lot about—and this will not surprise us— are the concerns still out there regard-ing the Obama healthcare law. A lot of people in the media seem to think the discussion about that healthcare law is over. I can tell you, for the people of Wyoming, they are still very concerned about what we are seeing in terms of the collapse of the healthcare system, fewer choices, and higher prices. For them, the conversation is not over, and they want to make sure it is not over in Congress either. ObamaCare is still failing, and the American people are certainly still suffering, so we need to do something about it. We need to act. There was an article by the Associ-ated Press in the paper on Monday that summed up the situation. The headline was ‘‘Millions who buy health insur-ance brace for sharp increases.’’ The article goes on to say: ‘‘Millions of people who buy individual health in-surance policies and get no financial help from the Affordable Care Act are bracing for another year of double-digit premium increases, and their frustra-tion is boiling over.’’ The article says that these are most-ly middle-class folks—hard-working people who may be self-employed or work for small businesses that can’t af-ford to offer insurance. It goes on to say that these millions of Americans ‘‘pay full freight and bear the brunt of market problems such as high costs and diminished competition.’’ That is the exact situation people are facing in Wyoming, and I assume in the Acting President pro tempore’s home State of Arkansas as well. The ObamaCare exchange in my State has only one company selling in-surance. It wasn’t supposed to happen that way. Democrats in Congress who supported the healthcare law said that it was going to create more competi-tion and would bring down the prices and costs for families. In September of 2009, President Obama said that ‘‘with-out competition, the price of insurance goes up and quality goes down.’’ So what is the situation now? All summer long we have heard about in-surers who are giving up, pulling back, and dropping out. Millions of Ameri-cans will have fewer choices when it comes to their health insurance plans and opportunities in 2018. On August 24, the largest hospital system in New York State announced that it was going to stop selling an ObamaCare insurance plan it had launched just 4 years ago. This is the home State of the Democratic leader in the Senate, someone who has come to the floor supporting the healthcare law. The company is blaming the flaws in the Obamacare law and the fact that we haven’t been able to do the reforms we need to do. Things I proposed and things that make sense to me—the Democratic leader will not allow us to address the many, many flaws of ObamaCare. Meanwhile, the people of his home State of New York are losing another option to get the coverage ObamaCare requires by law for them to have. They are not alone. People living in 47 percent of all counties will have only one option for coverage next year, so millions of Americans are stuck in an insurance monopoly under ObamaCare. Monday was the deadline for insur-ance companies to say what they will need to charge next year. People across the country continue to be very wor-ried about how much more expensive their health insurance will be. The lack of competition is one reason for the skyrocketing prices, but other big reasons for the increase in prices are actually the tax increases that were put in place when ObamaCare was passed. The healthcare law included $1 trillion in new taxes. One of the biggest ones hitting hard- working families is a tax on every health insurance plan that gets sold. It is called the health insurance tax. There was a new study last month that found this tax is going to raise prices by about $500 per family next year. The tax alone is raising the cost $500 per family next year. That is just to pay for one of the taxes. Republicans want to get rid of the tax. That was part of our repeal-and-replace plan. Every Democrat voted no—voted no—to removing the taxes, so pre-miums are continuing to soar because the healthcare law is unsustainable, and the taxes are unbearable for hard- working families. We have to do some-thing to help people and to reverse the damage caused by ObamaCare. I voted for the repeal legislation in July, and I am going to continue to work to replace ObamaCare. But until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.014 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4983 September 6, 2017 
that happens, I am glad to see the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions is looking into other ways we can make changes to ObamaCare. The committee is working on ways to stabilize the individual market for next year. They are going to hear from Governors and State in-surance commissioners about giving States more flexibility in dealing with some of the healthcare law’s mandates. The committee is also going to be lis-tening to doctors and to patients. When I talk to doctors and nurses and patients back home in Wyoming, they tell me that the healthcare sys-tem we have now under ObamaCare isn’t working. I see it every day. What I hear and what I see when I visit the hospitals and when I go back to my old medical office is that we need to re-place it with something that actually makes healthcare more affordable. That was a big part of the Republican reform effort: Let the States do what works for their State and for the peo-ple who live there. The Obama healthcare law is still hurting Americans. It is not getting better on its own. It is up to us in Con-gress to do all we can to help Ameri-cans who have been trapped in the ObamaCare death spiral. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from South Dakota. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, it is no surprise that Americans consistently rate jobs and the economy as top issues of concern. A recent survey found that 50 percent of voters consider themselves to be liv-ing paycheck to paycheck, and about one-third of voters say they are just about $400 away from a financial crisis. That means a single, unexpected car repair or healthcare bill could easily put them in the middle of a financial emergency. Too many Americans have seen their American dream dim in recent years. Hopes for a secure future have turned into worries about where the next rent or mortgage payment is coming from or whether it will be possible to save anything at all for retirement. We don’t have to resign ourselves to the status quo. We don’t have to accept the long-term economic stagnation of the Obama administration as our eco-nomic future. We can get our economy going again, and we can set it up for strong growth for the long term. But that is going to require some work. It is going to require repealing burden-some and unnecessary government reg-ulations that have slowed economic growth, and it is going to require re-forming our complex, outdated Tax Code, which is increasingly strangling our economy. The Tax Code might not be the first thing people think of when they think of economic growth, but it actually plays a huge role in every aspect of our economy. It helps determine how much money Americans have left over from their paychecks to save or invest or whether they can afford a car or a house. When it comes to businesses, it can be the key to determining whether a young business gets off the ground or an existing business has the money to grow and hire new employees. Unfortunately, our current Tax Code is not helping our economy. It is doing the opposite. It limits Americans’ op-portunities. It punishes their success. It discourages investment and growth. It cripples small businesses. It encour-ages large businesses to send jobs over-seas. It keeps our economy from reach-ing its full potential. Reforming our Tax Code is an indis-pensable part of getting our economy back on the path to long-term health. Without comprehensive tax reform, the economic stagnation of the Obama years is likely to become the status quo going forward. This fall, Republicans in the House and Senate are going to make com-prehensive tax reform a priority, and any legislation we pass will be gov-erned by five principles: First, any bill has to result in increased wages, jobs, and economic growth. Second, it must provide tax relief for the middle class. Third, it has to keep jobs here at home. Fourth, it has to increase American competitiveness in the global economy. Finally, it has to simplify the Tax Code. Republicans will be talking a lot about these principles over the coming weeks, but today I would like to take just a few minutes to talk about the first of these principles: making sure that tax reform legislation increases wages, jobs, and economic growth. Flattening wage growth has been a problem in the United States for dec-ades. During the 8 years of the Obama administration, wage growth was al-most nonexistent. Economic growth was also weak throughout the Obama administration. During the last year of the Obama ad-ministration—years, I might add, after the recession ended—economic growth was averaging a dismal 1.5 percent. That is barely half of the growth need-ed for a healthy economy or for what we have seen historically in this coun-try, going back to the end of World War II. While things have been looking up a little bit lately, we still have a long way to go to get back on the right track. Things need to get better, and they need to get better faster. We want things to get better for the long term. During the Obama administration, there were periods of reasonable eco-nomic growth, but they were quickly followed by weak periods. That is not good enough. We need to put our economy on a strong, healthy footing for the long term. What does the Tax Code have to do with all of this? How is it discouraging wage growth, job growth, and economic growth? I want to talk about three big ways it is discouraging growth. To start with, tax rates on businesses, large and small, are too high. Our Nation has the highest corporate tax rate in the indus-trialized world—at least 10 percentage points higher than the majority of our international competitors. Small busi-nesses face tax rates that can range even higher—up to 44.6 percent for small businesses. It doesn’t take an economist to real-ize that high tax rates leave businesses with less money to invest, less money to spend on wages, less money to cre-ate new jobs, and less money to put back into new property or equipment for their businesses. This situation is compounded when you are an American business with international competitors that are paying a lot less in taxes than you are. It is no surprise that U.S. businesses struggling to stay competitive in the global economy don’t have a lot of re-sources to devote to creating new jobs and increasing wages. On top of our high business tax rates, there is another major problem with our Tax Code that puts American busi-nesses at a competitive disadvantage globally—our outdated worldwide tax system. What does it mean to have a world-wide tax system? It means that Amer-ican companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they make here at home, as well as on any profit they make abroad once they bring that money home to the United States. The problem with this is twofold. First, these companies are already pay-ing taxes to foreign governments on the money they make abroad. Then, when they bring that money home, they end up having to pay taxes again on at least part of those profits and at the highest tax rate in the industri-alized world. This discourages them from bringing their profits back to the United States to invest in their domes-tic operations. Instead, our Tax Code gives them a strong incentive to leave that money abroad and to invest in for-eign workers and foreign economies. The other problem is that most other major world economies have shifted from a worldwide tax system to what is known as a territorial tax system. In a territorial tax system, you pay taxes on the money that you earn where you make it and only there. You aren’t taxed again when you bring money back to your home country. Most of American companies’ foreign competitors have been operating under a territorial tax system for years. So they are paying a lot less in taxes on the money they make abroad than American companies are. That leaves American companies at a disadvantage. These foreign companies can underbid American companies for new business simply because they don’t have to add as much in taxes into the price of their products or services. In addition to discouraging growth with high tax rates and with our out-dated worldwide tax system, there is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.016 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4984 September 6, 2017 
another major way our Tax Code dis-courages growth, and that is by leaving small businesses with very little cash on hand. I have mentioned the high tax rates that small businesses face, which al-ready restrict their cash flow. The ac-counting rules in the Tax Code just compound that problem. Under current law, small and medium-sized corpora-tions are often required to pay tax on income before they receive the cash, and they cannot deduct all of their ex-penses when they pay the invoices. It can take years or even decades for them to recover the cost of their in-vestments in equipment and facilities. For instance, right now the cost of a computer is recovered over 5 years and tractors, over 7 years, if you are in the ag sector of the economy, and commer-cial buildings, over 39 years. The consequences of deducting in-vestments over so many years is that businesses can be left extremely cash- poor in the meantime, and cash-poor businesses don’t expand. They don’t hire new workers, and they don’t in-crease wages. Any bill Republicans consider has to fix these elements in our Tax Code that are discouraging growth. It has to lower rates for businesses, both large and small. It has to shift our outdated worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system so that American busi-nesses are not at a competitive dis-advantage in the global economy and so that American businesses have an incentive to invest their profits at home in American jobs and American workers, instead of abroad. Any bill we consider has to address the cost-recov-ery rules that are keeping small busi-nesses cash-poor, often for years at a time. I have already introduced legislation to help startups and small to medium- sized businesses recover the cost of their investments faster. It is legisla-tion that I hope will become part of the final bill that we consider in the Sen-ate. I am looking forward to working with Chairman H
ATCH and my col-leagues on the Senate Finance Com-mittee as we work to draft the final bill. The American people have had a rough few years, but economic worry doesn’t have to become the status quo for the long term. American workers and job creators are as dynamic and creative as ever. We just need to clear the obstacles from their path, and com-prehensive tax reform will allow us to do just that. I look forward to helping to bring the American people real re-lief this year. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. RECESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 4:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 3 p.m., re-cessed until 4:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. GARDNER ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING BUSINESS Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. 
f 
DACA Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the need to protect undocumented young people, com-monly referred to as Dreamers, from deportation. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, or what is called DACA, was announced by President Obama in 2012 to solve an urgent need. Hundreds of thousands of young people brought to this country as children were at risk of being deported. They didn’t take the action to come; their parents took the action to come and bring them. President Obama’s Execu-tive order temporarily protected these undocumented young people from de-portation. DACA also provides the op-portunity to obtain work permits and has made it possible for many young DACA beneficiaries to enroll in college. If Congress doesn’t act now and pass a law, President Trump’s decision to terminate this program will have dev-astating consequences for nearly 800,000 families across the United States, particularly those in Cali-fornia. This decision to end DACA without first ensuring that young peo-ple have legal protection is why we are demanding a vote on the Dream Act as soon as possible. DACA recipients de-serve certainty now, not 6 months from now. These young people trusted our government, and it is time we stopped playing with their lives. The Dream Act, introduced by Sen-ators G
RAHAM and D URBIN , has been considered many times already by this Congress. It was most recently in-cluded in the comprehensive immigra-tion reform bill that passed the Senate in 2013 with 68 votes. I remember it well. I remember weeks in committee. I remember dozens of amendments. I remember the time on the floor, the hope that we would be able to pass comprehensive immigration reform. It had an agricultural workers program in it. It had this program for undocu-mented children. It had H2A. It had a whole panoply of reforms in it, and it went down. It got 68 votes here, al-though it didn’t survive in the House. I believe there is broad bipartisan support for the Dream Act. I just learned, for example, that polls are saying that 70 percent of the people in this country are in favor of it. And I would be confident that it would pass if given an up-or-down vote. So I call on leadership to ensure there is a clean vote on the Dream Act this month. As I mentioned, 800,000 young people have been admitted to the DACA Pro-gram, allowing them to come out of the shadows. They were educated here. They work here. They pay taxes. They are integrated into American society. These young people are fiercely patri-otic. In every way that truly matters, they are Americans. Listen to this: 95 percent of DACA re-cipients are working or in school. That is 95 percent of 800,000. The typical DACA recipient came to this country at 6 years old. They have known no home other than this one. Many of them only speak English. Seventy-two percent of the top 25 Fortune 500 companies—companies such as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, J.P. Morgan—employ DACA recipients. DACA recipients are contributing sig-nificantly to our economy. It is esti-mated that ending the program would mean a $460.3 billion hit to the GDP over the next decade. But protecting DACA recipients isn’t a matter of politics or economics; it is really about what is right as Ameri-cans and human beings. This is par-ticularly important for me, rep-resenting California, because 1 in 4 Dreamers—223,000—live, work, and study in California, and I can testify that they are an essential part of the fabric of our communities. So it is im-portant for Senators and the American public to know the very real human side to this issue. I want to share the story of a re-markable young woman whom I met and whose family I met. Her name is Vianney Sanchez. She was brought to this country when she was just 1. Today she lives in East Oakland. I met her and her family last month, and I last spoke to her on Monday night. Vianney is a 23-year-old graduate stu-dent from UC Santa Cruz with a degree in psychology. She is pursuing a career in public service so she can give back to this country. Vianney’s mother, Maria, whom I also met, worked as an oncology nurse at Highland Hospital, and her father, Eusebio, worked as a truckdriver. They had no criminal record. They owned their own home, which I visited, a small home in East Oakland. They paid their taxes. And they were in this country for 23 years. I saw them the week before the mother and father were deported last month, sobbing in their living room. My office has worked on their case for years, and their depor-tation was truly heartbreaking. I will never forget having to call Maria and tell her that I had spoken to the Acting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.017 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4985 September 6, 2017 
Secretary of Homeland Security, beg-ging her not to deport this family, and that she would be deported and sepa-rated from her children the next day. It was one of the most painful calls I have ever had to make. These heartbreaking photos of the Sanchez family were taken by the San Francisco Chronicle and Bay Area News Group before Maria and Eusebio were forced to leave. This is Maria—20 years a nurse at Highland Hospital. This is Vianney, and this is the second oldest child. The oldest child is DACA, and it has now fallen to her to support her two sisters, maintain the house, work, and hopefully start her career. Her mother, her father, and her Amer-ican citizen youngest brother are in Mexico. I think these heartbreaking photos tell a story. Vianney now is fac-ing the uncertainty that she, too, could lose protection and be deported. Then what would happen to her sisters? Every day we fail to act means one more day that Vianney, Melin, and Elizabeth are forced to live with this enormous cloud hanging over their heads. And, you know, Senator, the fear is palpable. You talk to these young people on the telephone, and you can sense what is happening. First of all, they know the government knows everything about them. The govern-ment knows where they live, what they do. They have to report regularly. This is kind of a conditional program, and so they are up front and out front. And you would think this would give them a sense of security, but it actually gives them a sense of insecurity be-cause they don’t know what the future will bring. I would like to share the story of an-other talented and ambitious Califor-nian who has taken full advantage of the opportunity she has been given. This is Denisse Rojas. She arrived in the United States when she was just 10 months old, brought here from Mexico. Like many of our immigrant ancestors, her parents wanted to make a better life for their children. This is a very re-cent photo of her; you can see she is beautiful. Denisse’s family is similar to other families in California. After arriving in Fremont, her father worked full time in a restaurant while pursuing his high school diploma at night. Her mother attended community college part time for 7 years to earn her nursing degree. After years of trying to gain legal sta-tus, her parents were forced to move to Canada. That left Denisse. Denisse excelled in high school, grad-uating with a 4.3 GPA. She attended UC Berkeley, which is one of the top public universities in the Nation, to study biology and sociology. She dreamt of going to medical school, driven in part by a family member’s earlier death from cancer. The cancer was diagnosed at a late stage because the family’s immigration status made it impossible to afford health insur-ance. Denisse worked as a waitress and commuted an hour each way to classes because she couldn’t afford to live on campus. After graduation, she volun-teered at San Francisco General Hos-pital. This is Denisse today. She is in New York at Mount Sinai Medical School, one of the country’s top programs. She is on track to earn her degree in 2019. You can see her in the middle of this photo in her medical scrubs and how proud she is. To help other students navigate the admissions process and pursue careers in health and medicine, Denisse co-founded a national nonprofit organiza-tion called Pre-Health Dreamers. Through Pre-Health Dreamers, Denisse has helped many other students as they work toward their goals. After graduation, she intends to spe-cialize in emergency medicine and work in low-income communities to provide healthcare to families like her own who too often go without needed treatment. Parts of California, particularly our rural counties, are very short on doc-tors. This is a big problem. In the healthcare reform, they are lucky if they have the choice of one insurance. So we desperately need people like Denisse who want to work in commu-nities most in need of skilled health professionals. Without DACA or passage of the Dream Act, Denisse won’t be able to come home. She won’t be able to stay. All of the education that has gotten her here—a top-notch university and a top-notch hospital, I assume as an in-tern or a resident at this time—she wouldn’t have the proper work author-ization or accompanying documents, and our country would be denied a highly qualified, motivated doctor. In closing, I really believe we have a moral obligation to do all we can to shield these young people from depor-tation. Remember, they did not break the law. They were brought here as children, many as babies. Some don’t know the language of the land from whence they came. They all speak English very well. They want the American dream. They are motivated, and they are patriotic. I was listening to a young person the other day, and all she wanted to do was be in the mili-tary. She is ROTC and wants to be in the military. You know, these are the people who make this country great, and we can’t forsake them. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, it would have taken moral courage—something he doesn’t have—for President Trump to stand in front of the American peo-ple to say why he was going back on his word to ‘‘deal with DACA with heart’’ and help these ‘‘absolutely in-credible kids’’ in a way that is going to ‘‘make people happy and proud.’’ Instead, he sent out his Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, long a foe of im-migration reform, to break the bad news to 800,000 young people and their families that he was rescinding DACA. This was bloodless, heartless, and com-pletely unjustifiable. In his remarks, the Attorney General composed an elaborate fiction about DACA, a pro-gram that has transformed the lives of 800,000 young people, and the Attorney General actually thought the American people would fall for his made-up re-marks. He not only claimed that DACA was unconstitutional but also falsely claimed that Dreamers were taking hundreds of thousands of jobs away from Americans and that they deserved to be punished. The fact is, a strong majority of the American people are siding with the DACA participants. The American peo-ple aren’t threatened by these inspiring young people. They are not criminals. They aren’t causing trouble. They are students, doctors, nurses, teachers, and entrepreneurs making real and mean-ingful contributions to our society. They are simply asking for the oppor-tunity to pursue their dreams—hence, they are called Dreamers—in the only country they know, the United States of America. It is why so many people across the country are speaking out forcefully against the President’s deci-sion to end DACA. While I was back home in Hawaii last month, I met with activists, commu-nity organizations, and State leaders to rally support for DACA and to call for establishing permanent protections for these Dreamers across the country. Hawaii is home to 600 DACA recipients and thousands more Dreamers who could have qualified for the program but were reluctant to expose them-selves to the government. I would like to share some of their compelling sto-ries. Gabriella came to the United States with her family in 2001, fleeing violence in Brazil. They came here out of love and hope for a better future. Every day Gabriella and her family worried about being sent back to the violent situa-tion they escaped. Gabriella graduated from high school with a 3.8 GPA and had big plans to pursue higher edu-cation, but at that time she couldn’t enroll in college because she was un-documented. DACA changed her life. She said: 
I had been living here undocumented for 10 years and had seen a lot of opportunities pass me by. I knew I couldn’t continue to live this way. [DACA] changed my life for the better. Since getting DACA in 2012, I have been able to get a driver’s license, to have a career, to go to school, and leave my home every day knowing that I could come home to my fam-ily at the end of the day. 
Another story. Mahe came to Hawaii from Tonga when he was a child. When he turned 21, he learned he might be deported. Before receiving DACA, the only job Mahe could find was building rock walls with his uncle in Waialua. He didn’t have a car to get to work. He woke up at 4 a.m. every day to catch a bus to Pearl City, where he switched buses for the ride to Waialua. After working in the hot Sun all day, Mahe would have to take a 2-hour bus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.018 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4986 September 6, 2017 
ride home to get to bed at 10 p.m. be-fore starting his routine over again the next morning. 
Since I got DACA, life has changed a lot. I applied for my first job and got it. I worked really hard and made supervisor. They gave me a company car and a company phone. It was really, really nice just to know that with hard work and effort you can get places. 
Eliminating DACA would erase the meaningful economic and social con-tributions Dreamers like Gabriella and Mahe have made to Hawaii and our country. Multiply their stories thou-sands of times, and you get a sense of how many lives are being shattered by a President who wouldn’t help the young people he claims to ‘‘love,’’ even as he was ordering their probable de-portation. According to a report from the Cato Institute, rescinding DACA would cost the State of Hawaii $577.5 million in the coming decade from unrealized eco-nomic growth and lost taxes. That is from 600 DACA participants. There are 800,000 of them throughout the country. Just the economic loss alone would be tremendous. Of course, the contributions Dream-ers make to our country cannot and should not be reduced only to a dollar figure. Standing up for them and their American dream is a moral imperative. It is why leaders from across Hawaii are speaking about DACA and pro-tecting Dreamers. In an email to students, faculty, and staff yesterday, the president of the University of Hawaii, David Lassner, reaffirmed the university’s ‘‘commit-ment to serve all members of our com-munity, regardless of citizenship sta-tus,’’ stating: 
Well over four years ago the UH Board of Regents adopted a policy to extend eligi-bility for resident tuition rates to undocu-mented students, including but not limited to those who have filed for DACA. I remain on record, with hundreds of my fellow college and university presidents, in public support of DACA. Over the next months we will strengthen our urging of Congress to extend the DACA program and protect the dreamers of our State and our nation. 
He goes on: 
Our undocumented students are an inte-gral part of our community and will con-tinue to be extended all the rights, privi-leges, and services available to our students, from application through graduation. As our state’s only higher public education system we have a deep responsibility to pro-vide high-quality affordable education to ad-vance all our people, our communities and our islands. That mission requires that we support and celebrate diversity, respect and caring. We must overcome hate and intolerance even as we support free speech and free ex-pression. It is clear that UH, like univer-sities around the country, is entering un-charted territory. Our clear and firm adherence to our values in challenging times is more essential than ever. 
So stated the president of the Univer-sity of Hawaii. In another very recent development, Hawaii’s attorney general, Doug Chin, joined 15 attorneys general from across the country filing suit against the Trump administration to prevent it from eliminating the DACA Program. They filed the lawsuit on equal protec-tion grounds. I strongly support efforts in the courts to prevent the President from rescinding DACA and putting 800,000 young lives at risk for deporta-tion. Since the President has kicked the ball to Congress to save DACA, some-thing he could and should have done himself, Congress must step up and do just that. Congress must step up be-cause we cannot count on the Presi-dent to do the right thing by exerting consistent, comprehensive, or moral leadership. Although it was completely within the President’s power to keep DACA in place, Congress can provide the certainty these Dreamers deserve by passing the Dream Act, a bill that enjoys bipartisan support. I also want to send a clear message to the President and his hardline sup-porters in Congress. I will join with my colleagues to resist any effort to hold Dreamers hostage to pay for the Presi-dent’s vanity wall, in exchange for sharp reductions in legal immigration or for any other dog whistles to his base. I will do everything I can to fight against this administration’s contin-ued efforts to marginalize minority communities or to pit immigrant com-munities against one another. As an immigrant and minority myself, I cer-tainly know what these communities are experiencing. This is precisely what the President continues to do in an ef-fort to play to White supremacists in his base. Sadly, this is not surprising. It is up to each of us to fight back, and we will. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I want to thank my colleague from Ha-waii for her outstanding words. She comes from a State like mine that thrives on diversity, welcoming people from all over the globe and making us stronger, and she has been a symbol of that herself as well as all the millions of wonderful people she represents in Hawaii. I rise this afternoon alongside my colleague from Hawaii, my colleague from Washington State, and others to make a case for the swift passage of the Dream Act. There are 800,000 Dreamers living in our country today, hard-working folks who came to this country through no fault of their own. To many, America is the only country they have ever known. More than that, they contribute so much to our coun-try. They work in our companies, go to our schools, even serve in our military. All they want is to live and work and contribute to our great country. Why wouldn’t we want them to? The President’s decision yesterday to end DACA threw their futures in doubt, threatening to rip apart families and telling people who have worked so hard to become Americans that they have to leave the country. The President’s DACA decision is also bad economics. It would deprive thousands of employ-ers that rely on these hard workers. The Libertarian-leaning Cato Insti-tute estimates that ending DACA would cost employers over $2 billion in 2 years alone. The Center for American Progress found it would drain $433 bil-lion from our GDP over 10 years. That is why more than 500 business leaders— some of the leading business people in our country—have signed on to a letter in defense of DACA. That is why Micro-soft recently said that protecting the Dreamers was their No. 1 legislative goal, greater than a cut to the cor-porate tax rate. That is how much Dreamers mean to them personally and to their bottom lines. The economic consequence of ending DACA would be far-reaching and likely devastating. There would also be a dev-astating moral cost if we didn’t pass the Dream Act to protect these kids. I am reminded of a young woman, Kirssy Martinez, who was brought to this country from the Dominican Re-public as a very young child and grew up in my city, in the borough of the Bronx. After graduating high school in New York City, Kirssy was stuck in the shadows. She worked small jobs as a waitress and as a babysitter. Though she was a good student coming out of high school and even had a few scholar-ship offers, she couldn’t attend college because she didn’t have a green card. The DACA Program granted her tem-porary legal status. She worked hard to scrape together enough for loans and enrolled in Bronx Community College. A few years ago, I spoke at her gradua-tion, where she was the covaledictorian of her class. I watched her. What a wonderful young lady. She had a per-fect GPA, 4.0. Kirssy represents what we think of as the best of our country. She is part of what makes America great. Like gen-erations before her, she wants to study hard, work hard, and give back to her community. What kind of country would we be—what kind of country have we become if we say that Kirssy and 800,000 hard-working folks just like her are not welcome. Congress has a responsibility to act. I know the Presiding Officer sees it that way as well, and I very much ap-preciate it. We should do, as soon as we can, whatever we can. I repeat what I said to the majority leader and the Speaker of the House this morning at the White House: Put a clean Dream Act on the floor in both Houses. It will receive bipartisan sup-port. I believe it would pass by signifi-cant margins in each House. We could remove the fear of deportation and give peace of mind to 800,000 Dreamers if only our leadership would put the bill on the floor. It is that simple. If we don’t see a clean Dream Act in Sep-tember, we, as the minority, are pre-pared to attach it to legislative vehi-cles in the fall until it passes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.020 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4987 September 6, 2017 
These Dreamers are Americans in their hearts. They ought to become Americans in the law books as well, and we Democrats will not rest until that happens. Thank you, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, some 800,000 people in this country woke up this morning with great uncertainty about their future because of President Trump’s reckless, hateful agenda. Young men and women in this country are now unsure if they will be able to finish their college degree in the United States. They are unsure if they can keep their job at the hospital or as a firefighter or serve in our military to fight for our freedom. They are unsure if they can keep their homes or remain with loved ones, and they are scared that this country might break its promise and use against them the very information that they submitted to en-roll in DACA in order to find them and deport them. That is appalling, and it marks a very sad time for this United States of America. President Trump has caused a lot of divisive and disheartening moments since the start of the year, but rescind-ing DACA is an unusually cruel and heartless move even for this adminis-tration, and it flies in the face of so much of what and who made this coun-try what it is. So I am here today, with my colleagues, to urge all of us in the Senate to use this moment of uncer-tainty and division to do what is right—to come together to defend DACA. Use your voices for the Dreamers in your States and the many others who are calling and writing and marching in our streets, urging all of us to act for our neighbors and our coworkers, our students, our doctors, our engi-neers, our friends, and our first re-sponders, who are stepping up at this very moment to protect people from the hurricanes that are wreaking havoc in Texas and Florida to the wildfires that are blazing in the West. Let’s stand behind our colleagues, Senator D
URBIN and Senator G RAHAM , who have already paved a bipartisan path forward on this issue and who, just hours after the President’s an-nouncement, reiterated that they are ready to get this done. I am too. There are more than 17,000 young men and women in my home State of Washington who are deeply connected to their communities. They were brought to this country as children. Some of them were so young when they arrived that they did not even know they were not born here until years or, maybe, even a decade later when they went to apply for college or to get a job. Just yesterday, I heard about a young man in my home State who is very distraught. He was brought to the United States as a toddler. He did not know that he was not a citizen until he turned 16 and went to get his driver’s license. As a result, he signed up for DACA. He got his license and he got a job, and he is now in his second year in a science program at a community col-lege, getting straight A’s and hoping to transfer to the University of Wash-ington. Now he is frightened that he is going to lose all of that and be forced to go to a country that he has never known. He says that he does not know anyone in Mexico nor has he been there to visit. That is just one story. I sat down with a number of Dream-ers in my State. They are ambitious, they work hard, they play by the rules, and they do the right thing. They know one home—America. To penalize them for forces beyond their control is sim-ply not what this country is about. While President Trump may see end-ing DACA as a political move to pander to his extreme, hard-line base, I know that the majority of people across this country will stand up and fight back. They will not let President Trump strip away protections or use Dreamers as a bargaining chip for his hateful crackdown on immigrants in our com-munities or on wasteful border wall spending. As a voice in Congress for my State, I stand ready to work with my col-leagues on either side of the aisle to find a solution so as to honor the 800,000 Dreamers who call America home and to honor the very foundation of our immigrant Nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I under-stand that Senator VANHOLLEN was going to speak, but since he is not here, I ask unanimous consent to make what remarks I need to in morning business and will yield to him when I am through. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, it is in-teresting to hear the DACA talk. I think one should take a step back and look and ask: Is it really unreasonable to merely say that so long as we will obey the law, we are going to be all right? I think this President did the right thing when he said: All right, Congress. You take a few months and see if you can come up with some an-swers. That is a good answer. If that is the case, then that is, maybe, what we should do. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, what I am really concerned about right now is that we are getting ready to do the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. This is something that we will pass. We have passed it now for 55 consecutive years, and it is going to be passed this time. It is important because one of the primary constitutional responsibil-ities we have is to provide for the com-mon defense of our great Nation, and recent worldwide events highlight the urgency of this need. I have spoken numerous times about the grave threat that is posed by North Korea and warned that it would not be long before North Korea could dem-onstrate the capability of firing an intercontinental ballistic missile that would be capable of reaching the United States. It is not just my saying it; others are saying it. We have a lot of very courageous individuals who have come forth from the military. I am not used to this. I have been here for 23 years; yet I have not seen them come forth and just be clear about the threat that is facing this country. In April, ADM Harry Harris, the Pa-cific Command commander testified in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee that it is clearly a matter of when and not if that Korea would de-velop the capability to strike the United States of America. This has never happened before. In May, Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart, who is the Di-rector of the Defense Intelligence Agency, testified. Actually, he testified before the subcommittee that I chair. He said: Let me be clear on this point. If left on its current trajectory, the regime will ulti-mately succeed in fielding a nuclear-armed missile capable of threatening the United States homeland. 
We have talked about this being the most threatened position that we have been in in the history of this country. I have often referred to the good old days of the Cold War when we had two superpowers. We knew what they had, and they knew what we had. It was pre-dictable, but it is not predictable any-more. You have countries like Yemen, countries like Iran, countries like North Korea that are developing these capabilities that they now have. It is within reach. Since then, unfortunately, I have been proven to be correct as the North Korea regime continues to demonstrate its dire threat facing us. On July 4, North Korea successfully launched its first ICBM. It was the first time that they had done it. If fired on a standard trajectory, the missile could have ranged Alaska. Some experts say that it could have gone even deeper into the continental United States. In light of that test, the Defense In-telligence Agency updated its assess-ment of the timeline by which North Korea will be able to reliably range U.S. cities—we are talking about Wash-ington, DC—with nuclear missiles as early as the end of next year or even earlier. This past Sunday, September 3, North Korea tested what is believed to be a hydrogen bomb, its most powerful nuclear weapon to date—almost seven times as powerful as the bomb that was detonated over Hiroshima. North Ko-rean media immediately stated that the nuclear test was to determine the ‘‘accuracy and credibility’’ of its ‘‘hy-drogen bomb to be placed at the pay-load of an ICBM.’’ It does not get any more direct than that. Even if delivered by a relatively 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.021 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4988 September 6, 2017 
inaccurate ICBM—because they are rel-atively inaccurate—a nuclear device as powerful as the one that was tested Sunday could devastate its target. Just think about that—7 to 10 times strong-er than the one that wiped out Hiro-shima. It is important to remember that all of this power is being wielded by an erratic despot, Kim Jong Un. North Korea’s official newspaper re-layed the threat of a preemptive strike in April. This is a quote from their newspaper: ‘‘[It would] completely and immediately wipe out not only U.S. imperialists’ invasion forces in South Korea and its surrounding areas but the U.S. mainland and reduce them to ashes.’’ This is a newspaper that is be-hind this leader over there, and it has made this threat to the United States. We have never experienced anything like this in this country before. Now that we are getting into the NDAA this year, we have to keep this grave threat foremost in our minds, and we are doing it. I have had numerous conversations with the chairman of our committee, and we are going to make these com-mitments. We have serious readiness deficits that are going to have to be ad-dressed right away. Over the last 90 days, a spike in accidents across the military services has occurred. I had the CNO of the Navy and the Secretary of the Navy in my office a few minutes ago, and we talked about how they are addressing this thing. It is hard to cor-relate these accidents with a readiness decline as a result of numerous con-tinuing resolutions and sequestration. It is just another surprise that we have not had before. Our forces are now smaller than the days of the hollow force. Some of us re-member that was back after the Carter administration. It was when our own forces declared that it was a hollow force of the seventies. Yet we had a hearing just the other day, and we had some of the top people in. In fact, it was the vice chiefs of all of the serv-ices, and they agreed that our situa-tion right now is worse than it was in the days of the hollow force. Our Air Force is short 1,500 pilots, and 1,300 of those are fighter pilots. I believe 50 percent of our Air Force squadrons are trained and ready to conduct all of their assigned missions. The Navy is the smallest and least ready it has been in years. Currently, it can only meet about 40 percent of the demand from regional combatant commanders. More than half of the Navy’s aircraft are grounded because they are awaiting maintenance or lack the necessary spare parts. The Marine Corps is struggling to keep their aging F/A–18 Hornets air-worthy. I think the last I heard is that 62 percent of them were not able to ad-dress that readiness. The Army has said that only about one-third of its brigade combat teams, one-fourth of their combat aviation brigades, and one-half of their division headquarters are currently ready. That is a sobering assessment, and we are again in the most threatened position we have been in as a nation. The bill that we have presented out of the Armed Services Committee goes a long way toward closing these readi-ness gaps. Our bill increases end strength and boosts funding for equip-ment, operations, maintenance, mili-tary construction, and it includes a 2.1- percent pay increase for our troops. It also addresses many requirements for the services and combatant com-mander’s unfunded priority lists. I am also pleased that the Senate Armed Services Committee’s NDAA prohibits a Base Realignment and Clo-sure round this year. It is called a BRAC round, which is when they go through and make an evaluation as to what our capabilities are, what changes should be made, and what bases should be closed—decisions like that. The problem with that is if you do this when we have gone through a period of disarmament, as some have called it—and we are in a position right now when we need every nickel that we can have for the military. One thing that is always a certainty is that when you go through a BRAC round, it al-ways costs money for the first few years, and we cannot afford to do it right now. Our NDAA also fully funds Missile Defense Agency unfunded priorities, which is important considering that, since 2006, the Missile Defense Agency’s budget has fallen more than 23 percent. Every amendment that we consider in our NDAA this year should be equally focused on increasing readiness across the Services. I will wrap up with a quote from Gen-eral Milley, the Chief of Staff of the Army. This quote is one that we should keep in mind throughout the NDAA process. By the way, I admire our uni-forms for coming forth and talking about the dilemma that we are in be-cause it is very difficult for them to do that. General Milley said it best when it comes to funding our military: 
The only thing more expensive than deter-rence is actually fighting a war, and the only thing more expensive than fighting a war is fighting one and losing one. . . . We’re ex-pensive. We recognize that. But the bottom line is, it’s an investment that is worth every nickel. 
It is. I apologize to my friend. I suggest that this is probably the most significant bill coming up this year, and I think Senator M
CCAINsaid that we are going to be starting on it next week. It has been the most impor-tant bill of the year for the last 55 years, and it will continue to be this year. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, at the outset, I say to the Senator from Oklahoma that I agree with his state-ments with respect to the threat posed by North Korea, its nuclear weapons program, both the development of nu-clear bombs and the most recent explo-sion, which was a larger yield than ever before, plus their missile program, including their ICBMs. I think it is im-portant that this Congress do its part and act quickly by further economi-cally squeezing North Korea. I know that the Presiding Officer and Senator MARKEY have a piece of legis-lation. I, together with Senator T
OOMEY , have a piece of legislation in the Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs Committee that would further tighten the economic pressure on North Korea. So I hope that the Con-gress will move forward quickly. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I thank the Senator. I would say only that this is the one thing that we agree on. We disagree on a lot of things in this Chamber, but this is one that we have to agree on and do what is necessary to do our job. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Yes, indeed. I think that that is exactly right. We have 28,000 American soldiers in South Korea and about 50,000 in Japan. 
f 
DACA Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I came here to the floor to talk about the Dreamers, and I do think that it is important to start by making the point that many of those Dreamers are serv-ing in our Armed Forces today. They have put their lives at risk for the only country that they know, which is the United States of America. It was just shortly after the Novem-ber election, when then-President- Elect Trump told Time Magazine, when he was talking about Dreamers: 
We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud. 
He was referring to the Dreamers. He continues: 
They got brought here at a very young age, they’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in never-never land because they don’t know what’s going to happen. 
That is what President Trump said right after the election. Yesterday, he delivered the cruel news about what would happen 6 months from now if this Congress doesn’t act, which is that those Dream-ers will be at risk of being thrown out of our country. They will be at risk of being deported from the United States of America. So the very President who said he was going to do something to make people ‘‘happy and proud’’ did some-thing that was sad and shameful in our country. A majority of Americans agree that it is wrong to deport the Dreamers. Not just majorities of Demo-crats or Independents but also majori-ties of Republicans recognize that it is the wrong thing to do. As President Trump has acknowl-edged, these Dreamers were brought to the United States as young children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.023 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4989 September 6, 2017 
Regardless of the acts of adults or their parents, these children have done noth-ing wrong. They are our neighbors. They attend schools with our kids. They pledge allegiance to the flag every morning at school. They sing the Star-Spangled Banner. They play on the same sports teams. In fact, many of these Dreamers didn’t even recognize that they did not have full legal status until they reached adulthood. It was the DACA Program that provided these young people with at least the assurance that the rest of the country wanted them to stay and that they would not be de-ported so long as they played by the rules, so long as they did what this country asked of them. That is what they are doing. Ninety-five percent of the Dreamers are in school or working at American businesses, large and small. They are contributing to our economy. Once they received that stability under DACA, 54 percent went out and bought their first car at local car dealerships around the country. Twelve percent were able to go out and make a down payment on their first home. When they go out to buy homes and buy cars, they are supporting our economy, which is why deporting these 800,000 Dreamers is not only the wrong thing to do from the perspective of humanity and being a fair country, but it is bad for our economy as well. As I indicated at the outset, these Dreamers participate in our Armed Forces and help protect the national security of our country. In my State of Maryland, we have 10,000 Dreamers who are contributing in many positive ways to our State. When I think of Dreamers, I think of a young man now whose name is Ste-ven Acuna. He is a Maryland resident. In 2001, he was 8 years old when his family came to the United States from Colombia after they began receiving death threats. Ever since his family ar-rived 16 years ago, they have lived and worked in this country as productive and law-abiding citizens. In 2012, they were denied the political asylum they had sought here. So they were actually at that time yanked from their Germantown, MD, home and locked up in a detention center on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. At that time, they reached out to my congres-sional office, and we joined with advo-cacy organizations and immigration lawyers and local leaders to make sure that family was not deported. Then, thanks to the DACA Program, that made it possible for Dreamers like Steven Acuna to stay in the United States legally. He just graduated with a bachelor’s degree in chemical engi-neering from the University of Mary-land. Steve aspires to be an orthopedic surgeon. Here is a picture of Steve Acuna with his family, celebrating his recent graduation from the University of Maryland and aspiring to go on to become a surgeon. The message President Trump sent to Steve Acuna and his family yester-day is shameful. The message he sent was this: We don’t want you in the United States anymore. It would be a grave mistake—the wrong thing, morally—and it is also the wrong thing from the perspective of making sure we have a community that works for everybody and a strong local economy. We have invested in Steve Acuna. He wants to go on to be an orthopedic sur-geon. Yet this administration is telling him: If Congress doesn’t act in 6 months, you are out of here. So that brings us to what we are going to do here in the Senate and what we are going to do in the House of Representatives. President Trump did not have to make the decision he made yesterday. It was cruel and it was gra-tuitous, but he has made that decision. Now it is up to us in the Senate and in the Congress to do the right thing. In fact, President Trump has said to Con-gress: Go ahead and make sure that Dreamers can stay. So, on the one hand, he took an action he didn’t have to. He put them at risk. He lit the fuse on a 6-month detonator, and he handed it to Congress. Now it is up to us to do the right thing, and it is essential that this Senate vote on the Dreamers bill in the coming weeks. We already have it in front of us. It is a bipartisan piece of legislation. Its primary sponsors are Senator L
INDSEY  G
RAHAM , a Republican from South Carolina, and Senator D
ICKDURBIN , a Democrat from the State of Illinois. We have a bipartisan bill that has been introduced in the Senate. Now this is the question: When are we going to get to vote on it? When are we going to be able to take up this legislation? Because of the action taken just yes-terday by President Trump, it is imper-ative that we act right now to provide stability and confidence to these young men and women who have already done so much to contribute to our country— and many are serving today in our Armed Forces—and to let them and the country know that we can act on a bi-partisan basis to do what the over-whelming majority of the American people—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents alike—want us to do. So let’s take up the Dreamers bill. Let’s take it up now. There is no ex-cuse for delay. People should vote in the light of day. People should let their constituents know where they stand on this issue. This is a question not just of fairness, but it is a question of political accountability and transparency. President Trump has told Congress that we should act. In this case, we have an obligation at least to take a vote on this issue. I am absolutely con-fident that, when this body takes that vote, we will do the right thing. We will vote to protect the Dreamers and, in doing so, protect the commitments we as a country have made to people who have done nothing wrong. As a country, I hope we stand for the prin-ciple that people should not be pun-ished when they have done nothing wrong, and when, in fact, they have done everything our country has asked of them. So let’s take up the Dreamers bill with dispatch, and let’s pass it and let’s have the House pass it. It wasn’t absolutely clear, but President Trump, in his most recent tweet, seemed to say that he is ready to sign what we send to him. So let’s get it done. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LEE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, our country is in trouble. America—and this government right here in Wash-ington—works great for people at the top, works great for corporations that can hire armies of lobbyists and law-yers, but for everyone else, America isn’t working so well. For decades, ex-penses have gone up while wages have been flat. Economic opportunity is slipping away from too many Ameri-cans. We know how to fix what is hap-pening—by kicking the lobbyists and the lawyers and the rich donors and the giant companies out of the room and putting working families first. The President of the United States isn’t in-terested in doing that. His first major legislative initiative was to try to boot tens of millions of people off their health insurance. His second major leg-islative initiative is to try to give giant tax breaks to rich folks and enor-mous corporations while working peo-ple pay for them. I suppose it is not surprising that the President has no intention of helping working families. After all, he is a rich donor, and he personally profits every single day from a giant company he named after himself. Here is Donald Trump, a man who promised over and over during the Presidential campaign that he would be on the side of working people. Here is Donald Trump doing the exact oppo-site of what he told the American peo-ple he would do. It is the exact opposite of what the American people need him to do. Sooner or later, it is going to catch up with him. President Trump wants to delay that reckoning for as long as possible. From the day he first announced his Presidential campaign, it has been obvious how he plans to do it—by turning us against each other, by telling everyone that the real prob-lem in America is the neighbor who doesn’t look like you, the coworker who doesn’t worship like you, the guy in the grocery store who doesn’t sound like you. Nowhere has this been more obvious than on the politics of race. In Novem-ber, President Trump named Jeff Ses-sions—a man considered too racist to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.025 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4990 September 6, 2017 
be a Federal judge—as our Nation’s At-torney General. In January, President Trump rolled out an unconstitutional Muslim ban. In August, after White su-premacists marched in the streets, President Trump defended hate. Also in August, he used his first Presidential pardon to shield a racist former sheriff who broke the law. Yesterday morning, the President continued his campaign to turn us against each other when he decided to end the DACA Program. DACA gives 800,000 young people who were brought to the United States as children the chance to live, work, get an education, and become valuable members of our society. The President said he would end the program. That means over 800,000 young people who have been here their entire lives, who came out of the shadows to contribute to our econ-omy, could be deported to countries they barely know. Divide and conquer is an old story in America. It is a cold, political calcula-tion. Those with money and power have used it time and time again to keep us fighting with each other— fighting over religion, fighting over race, fighting over anything that keeps us from coming together to fight back against a rigged system. President Trump wants us to turn our backs on 800,000 Dreamers, includ-ing nearly 8,000 Dreamers in Massachu-setts. He doesn’t want us to look at these young people and see them for who they are; he just wants us to see them as threats. After all, he launched his campaign by calling immigrants rapists and criminals, and that is ex-actly what he wants everyone else to see. I would like to introduce three Dreamers from Massachusetts and let the American people decide if that is true. Reina Guevara fled from El Salvador when she was only 11 years old. She is a model student. She won a scholar-ship, and right now she is working on her bachelor’s degree at UMass Boston. Before the DACA Program allowed her to come out of the shadows, Reina worked up to 70 hours a week in a res-taurant for a boss who sexually har-assed her. On multiple occasions, he propositioned her to have a sexual rela-tionship with him, threatening to call immigration on her if she refused his advances. The harassment became so frequent and so bad that Reina decided to quit her job, forgoing critical in-come. Knowing there was no one for her to tell, her boss refused to pay her for her last 2 weeks of work. Reina was an easy target. A woman without official immigration status was a woman who couldn’t complain to HR when she was assaulted, underpaid, or made to work in dangerous condi-tions. A woman without immigration status was a woman who knew that speaking up could mean immediate de-portation. When Reina entered the DACA Pro-gram, her life changed. It meant she could stand up for herself without being afraid that she would be kicked out of America. I asked Reina what DACA means to her. This is what she told me: ‘‘DACA to me means the opportunity to be the first one in my family to graduate with a Bachelor’s Degree, to work without the fear of being humiliated and ex-ploited due to my status.’’ Donald Trump wants Reina banished from our country. Bruno Villegas McCubbin was 6 years old when he left his home. Like most parents, Bruno’s mother and father wanted to keep their children safe. That wasn’t easy when Peru’s economy collapsed. Bruno’s father, who was a traveling salesman, was forced to trav-el to more remote and more dangerous places. It got so dangerous that on one trip, Bruno said he was attacked by armed robbers and injured by flying glass from gunshots. After that, Bruno’s parents decided they should escape to America. Bruno’s family settled in Garden Grove, CA, where Bruno and his sister and his par-ents shared one room in his uncle’s two-bedroom apartment. Bruno’s par-ents, who had white-collar jobs in Peru, worked 12-hour days in low-wage jobs just to keep food on the table. While his parents were hard at work, Bruno was building dreams. He threw himself into his studies. When he grad-uated from high school, he was second in his class. Bruno did a lot more than just study; he founded an organization to help struggling students. He served as a tutor. He played the saxophone. Bruno was in high school when the DACA Program began. Today, he is a junior at Harvard, where he serves as a student coordinator for the Harvard Fi-nancial Aid Initiative, which provides financial aid information to promising high school students from low-income families. I asked Bruno what DACA means to him. He said: ‘‘It means the oppor-tunity for many of us to work here le-gally and achieve the American Dream that this country still boasts, so we can then give back to our families that have sacrificed so much for us, and to the country that helped form us into what we are today.’’ Donald Trump wants Bruno banished from our coun-try. I could do this all night, but others want a chance to tell their stories as well. So I am just going to do one more: Elias Rosenfeld. Like Bruno, Elias was 6 years old when his parents brought him and his sister to the United States. He remembers hearing stories every day of violence in Ven-ezuela. A gun was pulled on his mother while her car was at a stoplight, and his grandfather was robbed after mak-ing a bank withdrawal. To keep her kids safe, Elias’ mother transferred to a company in Miami on a visa that al-lows executives and managers from other countries to work in the United States and then to apply for permanent resident status. But she never got the chance to apply for permanent resident status because when Elias was 11, his mother died of cancer. When he lost his mother, Elias lost his protected status without even knowing it. In high school, Elias took tough classes, including 13 advanced place-ment courses. He worked hard, and he earned nearly straight A’s. He served in student government and on the speech and debate teams. He volun-teered with the Children’s Trust and also with the Homeless Trust. The ac-tivities director at Elias’ high school called Elias his hero. He said: ‘‘I’ve been teaching here for 20 years and I’ve never seen a student like this young man.’’ Elias’ commitment to academic ex-cellence earned him a Myra Kraft Transitional Year Program scholarship to attend Brandeis University. Earlier this year, Elias worked as an intern in my office. I asked Elias what DACA meant to him. He said it has been a ‘‘source of optimism and a light of pro-tection.’’ He wrote: 
For years, before DACA arrived I would sleep in bed at night with a constant fear of deportation, imagining in my head the visual of ICE breaking through my door to deport myself or my sister. When DACA came, this fear stopped. . . . 
But Donald Trump wants Elias ban-ished from our country. America asked people like Elias, Bruno, Reina, and nearly a million young people all across this country to come out of the shadows. We made them a promise: Work hard, play by the rules, contribute to America, get an education, defend our country, help us build an economy that works, and in exchange we won’t knock on your door in the middle of the night and rip you from your home and ship you off to a foreign country you barely remember. President Trump decided to break that promise. He is hiding behind Jeff Sessions and some flimsy lawyer non-sense, but he is breaking that promise, pure and simple. That means he is fail-ing in his basic, moral duty to protect these people, these children of Amer-ica. That is not who America is. America is not a place that punishes children for the sins of their fathers. America is not a place that boots out smart, hard- working, decent young people who have spent nearly all their lives here and who are a core part of our Nation’s fu-ture. Donald Trump wants to turn us against each other. He wants to banish Reina, Bruno, Elias, and hundreds of thousands of other young people from our country. He says that is how we will build a better America. Well, Donald Trump is wrong. He wants to build a hateful and frightened America. But we have the chance to turn away from the hate and fear. We have the chance right here in Congress to take an important step toward building a stronger, more vibrant America. We have the chance to make DACA the law so that Donald Trump cannot take away the dreams of 800,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.026 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4991 September 6, 2017 
young people like Reina, Bruno, and Elias. We can and we must pass the Dream Act now. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, the Sen-ator from Massachusetts has delivered a powerful message, obviously, one from the heart and a compelling mes-sage. I want to thank her for that. We have a bunch of new pages here. They showed up for duty earlier this week, and they are generally, I think, rising juniors, probably 16 years old or so. Most of the 800,000 people who we are talking about here as Dreamers came here before they were old enough to be a page, and many of them were not even old enough to go to kinder-garten or first grade. They didn’t come here by their own volition. They were, for the most part, brought here by their parents. They were brought here to flee horrific con-ditions in countries such as Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador, where there is violence, murder, and mayhem that is largely created because of our addiction to drugs in this country. They send us drugs trafficked through those countries from South America, and we send guns and money to places such as Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. When we take into custody bad guys, people who are here illegally and who are also criminals, where do we send them? We send them back to Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. We send them criminals, and we send guns and money to those three countries. The conditions that this toxic mix creates are ones that I wouldn’t want to sub-mit my children or my family to, and, frankly, a lot of the people in those three countries feel the same way. We are complicit in their misery. We are complicit in their misery, and that is why so many folks in those three countries, which are called the North-ern Triangle, try to escape. These kids didn’t come here on their own. They came here with their par-ents. Many of them, frankly, don’t have any memories of where they were born. We are not looking for them to become American citizens. What DACA attempts to do is to give them some time—to give us some time—to be able to make their stays here legal—some-thing short of citizenship. If your hearts aren’t touched by the stories that Senator W
ARREN just told us about these three young people, I want to take a little different approach and express why we should care. I came here to the Senate some years ago as a recovering Governor. I was privileged to be Governor of Delaware from 1993 to 2001, and people say that I am still a recovering Governor. I have focused much of my life on public service and on creating a nur-turing environment for job creation and job preservation. Presidents, Gov-ernors, Senators, and mayors like to talk about the jobs they created and, in truth, we don’t create jobs. People in our positions try to create a more nurturing environment for job cre-ation, and that includes a quality workforce with the skills that are needed by employers. It includes trans-portation infrastructure that works. It includes public safety. It includes ac-cess to capital to finance the projects. It includes a lot of things: energy, a reasonable tax burden, and common-sense regulations. Those are some of the elements that create a nurturing environment. One of the top items on that list is always workforce—people who have the skills that employers are looking for, people who have the willingness to come to work and to work hard, to be trained, and to be promoted, in many cases, and people who are honest. I have not met 800 Dreamers. But at Delaware State University, which is a historically Black college and univer-sity in Dover, DE—they have been around for 125 years—there are about 40 Dreamers who are undergraduates there, either freshmen or sophomores, and I have met most of them. They are some of the most remarkable college students I have ever met. These are students who aren’t just getting by with a 2.0 average or 3.0 average. These are students who are on the dean’s list, who come to school on time, who don’t cut classes, who make excellent grades, who work in many cases part-time jobs to help support their time in school, and who are anxious to be able to make real contributions to our community, to our State, and to our country. One young man, who was from El Salvador, at a public event we had 2 days ago on Tuesday at Delaware State University, said this to us—to the president of the university, Harry Wil-liams, and their new provost, Tony Allen. He stood up, he held his hand over his heart, and he said: Every day since I was the age of 5 in kinder-garten, in the school I held my hand over my heart and pledged allegiance to that flag. He said: I don’t have any other flag. I don’t have any other coun-try. This is my country. We need young men and young women like him. I learned early this month, from the Department of Labor jobs report for the month of August, that one of the things it shared with us was that there are millions of jobs in this country that are going unfilled. There are mil-lions of jobs in this country that are going unfilled. We have thousands of them in Delaware. Michigan probably has tens of thousands. I was told by one of the Ohio Senators that there are jobs in Ohio that are not being filled because the people who are applying for them don’t have the skills, the work ethic, or the record. In some cases, they can’t pass a drug test. Yet these employers in all of our States need workers. In a day and age when we need workers with the academic skills and the work skills—we need them probably more than ever—we are ready to pack up 800,000 of them and send them back to where their parents came from, where they were born. It is in America’s naked self-interest to ensure that these young people are given a shot to make the kind of con-tributions that they are capable of to meet the needs of hundreds of thou-sands of employers in this country. Given that opportunity, they will make their parents proud, and they will make us proud. They will make our Nation stronger and more economi-cally vibrant. It is in our interest to let them stay and to welcome them here. I will close with the words of Mat-thew 25: When I was a stranger in your land, did you welcome me? Think about that. When I was a stranger in your land, did you welcome me? Let’s welcome these young people. Let’s put them to work. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from the Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we are here to stand this afternoon for close to 800,000 young men and women—10,000 of them are living in Connecticut—who have relied on a promise, not just any old promise but a promise from the United States of America. The promise to them was that they could come forward, share information about their cell phones, their address-es, their relatives, their workplaces, their tax information, and they would be permitted to live here, study here, work here, and give back to their com-munities. Now America is breaking that prom-ise and betraying its values in the deci-sion by the President of the United States to end the DACA Program. This decision is repugnant to the basic ideals of America. It is repulsive to the values that underlie the rule of law. I heard a commentator last night saying: You know, these DACA people, when they came here, they broke the law. Think of it for a moment. A 2-year old, a 3-year old brought by their par-ents, maybe by a stranger, maybe by other relatives, is breaking the law be-cause that relative then failed to go through the steps necessary for docu-mentation. Or there may have been a variety of other circumstances, such as persecution, threatened death and in-jury in the country where that young man or woman was born. But we know—because it is part of the DACA Program—that they were minors when they came here. They made no decision to break the law. They have been here for their entire lives, except for a few months or years. We know also that, for almost all of them, this country is the only one they know, and English is usually the only language they speak. Their lives are here. Their friends are here and fami-lies as well. But most important for the United States of America that made that promise, their futures are here. They are, as the President of the United States said, terrific people. We love them, as he also said. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.027 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4992 September 6, 2017 
The announcement that he would end their legal status here, that they would be deported, that they would be ejected from this country is the height of hy-pocrisy and inhumanity. It is cruel and irrational, it will deprive our economy of hundreds of billions of dollars over the next 10 years, it will mean disrup-tion in workplaces, and that is why employers are protesting the decision. It will mean schools will be uncertain about how many students there will be, and that is why university presidents and administrators are condemning it, but, most importantly, it will betray who we are as Americans—a nation of immigrants, a nation that keeps its promise. Now, let’s be very clear. When the Attorney General of the United States says there will be an orderly wind down—I think those are the terms he used. There is no such thing as an or-derly wind down of DACA. There is dis-ruption and destruction, already chaos and confusion, terror among the young people who are living their lives now seemingly on borrowed time. It is bor-rowed time because the President of the United States has thrown a ticking timebomb into this body, in effect playing chicken with their lives. They are the ones whose lives will be blown up if that timebomb explodes. They are, indeed, voices and faces who have come to us in the last day or so, two of them from Connecticut I met with or saw. The first is Mirka Dominguez-Sali-nas. She has been in the United States for 16 years. She is pursuing her dream at Southern Connecticut State Univer-sity of becoming a teacher. She was student teaching last week, but her fu-ture career in education has suddenly been jeopardized. Jonathan Gonzales, too, is a student at Southern. He has a double major in economics and applied mathematics. He also mentors other students at pub-lic schools in New Haven. He has the freedom basically to live as anyone else in this country, to drive to work, and his freedom, too, is in jeopardy. They have come to Washington, DC, today not only to share their stories but to raise their voices and represent those 10,000 others in Connecticut, like Vania, who was born in Mexico and brought to Willimantic at age 3. She thinks of Connecticut as her home. It is the only home she knows, where she went to school and made her friends. Would she be sent back to Mexico, where she knows no one, has no job or connection? Will she go by plane or will she be forced to walk to the border or maybe by car? We are talking about deportation—physical ejection from the country—not a vague concept of maybe in a few years. We are talking about deportation of 800,000 people, be-ginning in 6 months, on a scale, a mag-nitude, and scope that is unprecedented in the history of the United States of America—the same country that wel-comed my father at the age of 17, when he fled Germany to escape persecution and knew virtually no one, had not much more than the shirt on his back and spoke almost no English. Just as many of them came to this country at a much younger age, and this country gave them, as it did my father, a chance to succeed. There is no orderly way to wind down this program. There is only grief, pain and suffering for those 800,000 Dream-ers but also for the rest of us, for our economy, for our sense of self and mo-rality. As far as the rule of law is concerned, these young people are not the lawbreakers. It is the Attorney General of the United States who is wrong about the law but, more importantly, wrong to decline to defend the law and prejudging, instead, what the result would be if this case went to court, if those 10 attorneys general went to court on DACA to prove their case, in-cluding the U.S. Supreme Court. Where does Attorney General Jeff Sessions have the power to prejudge what the Supreme Court of the United States would do? So we have a decision ahead of us, which is to rise to the challenge, to dif-fuse that timebomb, to pass the Dream Act, to enable these young people who are faced with terror and anxiety to have a chance to continue productive and important lives and to avoid the economic nightmare for employers and job creators who depend on them. We have the opportunity and obliga-tion now to make sure these young people are protected, not punished, be-cause their futures are at stake, our fu-ture as a nation is at stake, and I am here to say to Jonathan, to Vania, to all of the Dreamers that we will fight as long and hard as possible to make sure the American dream is alive and well for you. That dream was promised to you by a great country, and great countries keep their promises. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first, I thank my friend and colleague from Connecticut for his thoughtful words and thank all of my other colleagues who come to the floor to speak up for young people who need our voices right now. ‘‘Through no fault of their own’’ has been repeated over and over again. These young people, oftentimes babies, were brought to this country without documentation, but they were brought here. They didn’t know what was hap-pening to them, a 1-year-old, 2-year- old, 5-year-old, 7- or 8-year-old. It wasn’t their choice and yet they are paying the price for what happened. There is no question, we need immi-gration reform—no question at all. I was very proud and pleased to support a major effort a few years ago, a bipar-tisan effort in the Senate to do com-prehensive immigration reform. It is something we need because our system is broken. There is no question. It hurts families, workers, businesses, and farmers in Michigan every single day, but targeting these almost 800,000 young people does nothing to solve that problem. I am anxious to work with colleagues across the aisle to address comprehen-sive reform so we have a legal system that works, but we have, again, about 800,000 young people right now who stepped forward and are covered by something called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, or DACA, who were told, if they would step forward, provide the government all of their personal information, infor-mation about their families, that they—as long as they were following the rules, they were going to school, they were going to college, they were serving in the military, they were doing the right thing—would be al-lowed to stay and be successful in our country. In Michigan alone, 10,000 young peo-ple have been approved for DACA. Those are some of the numbers, but we are not talking about numbers, as we know. We are talking about people’s lives. We are talking about 10,000 young people in Michigan who are attending college, who are working as nurses or doctors and buying homes and building their own businesses. Maybe they are reaching out in some other way to be successful in the economy. They are serving in our military right now. Somebody serving in our military right this minute could lose their life for our country, the country they love, at the same time the President—and his ad-ministration—has turned his back on them. These are people raising Amer-ican children of their own, with Amer-ican family members around them. These children aren’t numbers. Frank-ly, they are our neighbors. In Michigan, we care about our neighbors. One of our neighbors is named Wilfredo. He is a Dreamer who was brought to the United States when he was only 9 years old. Wilfredo works hard. He is a restaurant supply sales-man. He owns a home. He is crazy about soccer, and he says he is crazy about his girlfriend. He told Michigan Bridge Magazine that they hope to get married one day, but a future that seemed so bright just a few days ago now has a dark cloud hanging over it. Wilfredo is scared. His girlfriend is scared. His family is scared. Will he be sent back to a country he barely re-members? What will happen to his sis-ter who is an American citizen? Will he ever see her again? Another one of our neighbors in Michigan, Juan, shares that fear. He was only 1 year old, just a baby, when his parents brought him to the United States. For many years, Juan lived in the shadows, but that changed in 2012 when our country made a promise to Juan and to others to suddenly step forward and change their future. He was able to get a job, go back to school, drive, even buy a house. Juan told the Detroit Free Press: ‘‘I know of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.029 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4993 September 6, 2017 
no other place.’’ He was brought here when he was 1 year old. It is not about sending him back somewhere. There is no going back. He doesn’t know any other country. He said: ‘‘We love this country and want to make this country a better place.’’ Wilfredo, Juan, and so many other young people are great examples of why we need comprehensive immigra-tion reform to happen in the House and Senate, with the White House—not using them in a way that certainly does not show the best about America. Right now, though, until we can get comprehensive immigration reform, we need to pass the bipartisan Dream Act to protect the young people who have been hurt by this administration’s ac-tions. I know we have colleagues on both sides of the aisle who want to work together to do something, to prove that America does keep its prom-ises. These Dreamers have done nothing wrong. They have done everything right. We need to show them we do care about them and make sure our country keeps its promises to them. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise today, along with so many of my col-leagues—and Ms. S
TABENOW , who just spoke—with regard to DACA. We are here to oppose President Trump’s un-necessary, political, and damaging de-cision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, the DACA Program. To close the door on the American dream for nearly 800,000 people who are American in every way but on paper goes against every measure of sound public policy, productive economics, and basic decency. Today, I join my colleagues in Congress, hundreds of American business executives, thou-sands of higher education officials and faith leaders, and a majority of the American people who have made their voices heard over the past few days to denounce President Trump’s elimi-nation of DACA, and call for legislative action to protect Dreamers and provide them a realistic and responsible path-way to citizenship. We must be absolutely clear about what President Trump has done, on his own, without any need or, in my view, legal requirement to do so. By his choice, in less than 6 months, the ad-ministration will begin forcing hun-dreds of thousands of Dreamers, many in their twenties and thirties, out of their jobs, out of our military, out of our schools, and out of the United States—the only country that most of them have ever really known. It is true that Dreamers were brought here as children outside the appropriate processes, but this was through no fault or decision of their own. Since then, they have pursued higher education, started families, worked hard, paid taxes, and stayed out of serious trouble with the law. Some have served honorably with our Armed Forces and put their lives on the line to keep us all safe. We gain nothing and lose a great deal by sepa-rating these young people from their jobs, their homes, their spouses, and children and sending them to countries they hardly know. At no point in our debates over im-migration have we found a good reason to spend our limited immigration en-forcement resources on Dreamers. The premise of DACA was, and continues to be, that we need permanent, com-prehensive immigration reform—but until then, Dreamers who contribute to our society should be allowed to come out of the shadows and lead healthy, productive lives. Rather than pursuing these young Americans, our immigration enforce-ment resources should focus on prac-tical measures that make us safe, not wasteful and symbolic projects like a border wall. We should improve sur-veillance of the border and the appre-hension of more illegal entrants. We should incentivize legal immigration and make it feasible for people to come here and pursue better opportunities. I am eager to work with my colleagues to craft a tough but fair, and com-prehensive immigration reform pack-age that incorporates good ideas from both sides of the aisle. Until then, how-ever, we accomplish nothing by forcing hundreds of thousands of families to live in fear, and regret ever trusting our country enough to register for DACA in the first place. Too much of this debate is driven by President Trump’s apparent refusal to accept basic truths about who his ac-tions affect and what his decisions mean for our country. His administra-tion’s rhetoric suggests that deporting Dreamers will make us safer and some-how restore the rule of ‘‘law and order,’’ but these are the facts of the matter: first, today, unauthorized im-migration continues to decline, as it has every year, since its peak in 2007. Second—and not without controversy— President Obama’s administration de-ported a record 5 million undocu-mented immigrants, particularly vio-lent felons. These were important steps, but we have learned that en-forcement alone does not solve prac-tical problems for people like Dream-ers, and their families and employers. Moreover, deporting Dreamers does nothing to make us safer. Dreamers qualify for DACA precisely because they have not committed serious crimes, and conflating them with criminals only feeds the false premise that immigrants are prone to crimi-nality when all of the evidence shows that the opposite is true. In fact, stud-ies from the National Bureau of Eco-nomic Research and the conservative Cato Institute have concluded that im-migrants tend to commit fewer crimes than do people born in the United States, and U.S. Census data shows that, among adult males, immigrants are one-half to one-fifth as likely to be incarcerated here. Just as insidious is the persistent myth that Dreamers are somehow harming our economy or taking jobs from American citizens. We can and should debate what kind of immigra-tion reform would best support our economy, but there is no credible sup-port for the argument that Dreamers harm our economy or that deporting them would create jobs for anyone. The fact is that, according to the Center for American Progress, ending DACA would result in an estimated loss of over $460 billion from our GDP over the next decade, including an annual loss of over $60 million per year in my home State of Rhode Island. We know from experience that de-porting employed immigrants does not raise wages. In fact, many jobs lost tend to go unfilled. And, because of President Trump’s actions, families of Dreamers will sit at their kitchen ta-bles in the coming months and struggle needlessly with questions of how to feed their children and keep roofs over their heads now that the administra-tion has forced mom or dad out of work, or out of the country. These are American families, and doing this to them is the opposite of putting Amer-ica first. It is our responsibility to protect our country from economic harm and to uphold our ideals and commitments, and that means keeping faith with Dreamers and their families. We should put ourselves in their shoes and re-member how each of our families came to this Nation and worked to achieve the American dream for themselves, their children, and their children’s children. I applaud Senators G
RAHAM and D UR-
BIN for introducing the bipartisan Dream Act of 2017. I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important legislation on our way to a meaningful debate on comprehensive immigration reform. I hope that we can find the will to come together and swiftly pass this legisla-tion to strengthen our Nation, keep our economy growing, and keep faith with our best ideals. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here to speak about President Trump’s decision to shut down the DACA Program, the so-called Dream program that allows children who were brought here by their parents, often at a very young age, and who grew up here and are now, as far as they know, full Americans—this is their home—to not be thrown out of their adopted country and sent home to a place that they do not know, all because of what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.030 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4994 September 6, 2017 
their parents did when they were still children. We don’t even hold children accountable for contracts they enter into. You have to be an adult to be held accountable for a contract you enter into. Yet, apparently, this President is willing to take these children, break up their families, and send them to a country they do not know, all because of a decision that was made by their parents, in some cases when these kids were infants. I have spoken to these kids, who are generally called Dreamers, who have no memory of living anyplace other than this country. I don’t know about the Presiding Officer, but it is hard for me to scroll back and come up with any concrete memories of when I was 1 or 2 or 3 years old. These are kids who grew up in American schools. They grew up in American families. They grew up playing American sports. They grew up as a part of our culture. But now, for reasons that really defy hu-mane explanation, the President wants to cast a cloud over about 800,000 chil-dren—now turned into young adults in many cases and many more who are right behind them in the program—who were looking forward to this as some-thing they could do when they came of age to get their full-on DACA permit. We have over 1,000 people who are ap-proved under the DACA Program in Rhode Island. We are pretty proud of them. They have served in the mili-tary. They have had jobs around the country. Ninety-one percent of DACA recipi-ents are employed, pay taxes, and con-tribute to Social Security. When we had the immigration debate, that is what we said we wanted people to do: Pay your taxes, get a job, pay into So-cial Security, support yourself, and support the system around you. Well, they have done that. But because of a decision they did not even make—a de-cision that under American law they would be incapable of making because they were not adults—this shadow of punishment and family disruption has been put over them by perhaps the least humane person ever to hold the office of President of the United States. And if this doesn’t prove that proposition, there are plenty more that do. I understand that our leader has urged Speaker R
YAN and Majority Leader M
CCONNELL to get Senator D UR-
BIN’s and Senator G RAHAM ’s Dream Act up for a vote. I think it will pass. I think it will pass with more than 60 votes. I think we, at least—the decent Members of the Senate—can lift that cloud of fear, threat, and anxiety. I think we should. I think we should do it soon. And if Majority Leader M
CCON-
NELL is not interested in bringing this to the floor, I understand that Senator S
CHUMER has made it pretty clear that he is going to insist on attaching this bill to some other measure as we move forward this year. I completely support him. This President said that he loves these kids and wants to approach this issue with a big heart. Huh. The White House, which, the last I heard, the President of the United States runs, put out talking points telling these kids to get ready to depart. Get ready for departure from this country. Real-ly? That is the big heart—to threaten 800,000 kids who have played by the rules, who have done what the Govern-ment of the United States asked them to do, to get ready to depart? Because of what—some crime they committed? No. They committed no crime, but be-cause their parents brought them here as kids. Jean came here from Peru. He was brought to the United States by his parents when he was a few months old. He is 23 now. If he were to go back to Peru, he would have to move to a vil-lage where he has never lived, that is not in a safe area, that he does not know because he has been here for over 20 years—22 and change if he is 23 now. Rodrigo Pimental came here from Portugal at 10 months old. Rhode Is-land has a very vibrant Portuguese community, of which we are really proud. His parents came to join that community, pursue a better life, start a small business, and succeed. Rodrigo doesn’t even remember Portugal. He has a computer science degree—a col-lege computer science degree. He says the United States is his home. What is the gain for our country in telling Rodrigo Pimental, with his computer science degree from college, that he needs to go back to Portugal because at 10 months old his parents brought him here in search of a better life? Where the heck is the justice or the de-cency in that? These are all Rhode Island kids whom I am talking about. There are hundreds of thousands of stories around the country. Lesdin Salazar from Guatemala was brought to the United States by her parents at age 7. We are going to break up that family and send her back to Guatemala because why? Because at age 7 she didn’t successfully talk her parents out of bringing her here? Or maybe she should have left her parents then: Oh, parents, boy, it would be ille-gal to go to the United States without the proper paperwork. I can’t be a part of that. I am staying in Guatemala. You go. Is that the expectation we have for a 7-year-old, that we would now punish her with deportation and with breaking up her family? That is the big heart of this President? I will tell my colleagues about one of her memories. She doesn’t remember much of Guatemala, but she does re-member sitting in her living room with her parents watching President Obama announce the DACA Program. She says that her family cried tears of joy when that happened—at last, a path forward from the problem that was not of her own making. She does not understand why the United States is giving so many children an education here and then sending them back to other coun-tries, breaking up their families, and I don’t, either. It makes no sense. Krissia Rivera came to Rhode Island from El Salvador. She came when she was 8. Oh, so maybe that is old enough that she could have broken up with her parents back then or talked them out of coming here. She lived first in Mary-land. Interestingly, she went to the same school the President’s son now attends. She came to Rhode Island and graduated from college. She is cur-rently in medical school at Brown Uni-versity—obviously somebody we want to get out of our country. She is scared. She feels exposed. I would like to have one person come to the Senate floor and tell me what Krissia Rivera did at age 8 that was so wrong that we are willing to take somebody who will have a Brown Uni-versity medical school degree and throw them out of our country for no reason. Explain that to me. I will tell my colleagues, there is a lot that is embarrassing about the way our President behaves. This is pretty bad, particularly in the wake of the way he behaved after Nazi flags were paraded through Charlottesville, VA— the city of Thomas Jefferson’s great university. He spent the next couple of days winking at White supremacist Nazi types, equating their behavior with the behavior of the protesters who came out. I would hope that if neo- Nazis were walking through Provi-dence, I would go out and protest. Am I as wrong as the Nazis? I don’t think so. But President Trump appears to think so—it was just two sides having an evenhanded dispute. I don’t think so. When the President reacted to Char-lottesville the way he did, he was wink-ing at the worst impulses in our soci-ety: bigotry, hatred, discrimination of people based on color and religion— things that we have fought back against for generations. Fighting back against those evils is part of what makes us Americans. But does Presi-dent Trump fight back against those evils? No. Just a little wink, a little pat on the head along the way: Keep it up, boys; I don’t mind that much. No difference between you and the people who come out because they are out-raged to see Nazi flags flying in Char-lottesville, VA. And now this. And now this. Who the hell is President Trump talking to when he does this? Who gets the wink this time? If this isn’t another wink to bigotry and hatred and discrimination, I don’t know what is. No one can ex-plain to me why an 8-year-old, who is such a good person that she will come to a new country and come all the way to Brown University’s medical school, is to be punished for not having broken up with her parents at age 8 when they brought her to this country. It makes no sense. I see the distinguished senior Senator from Illinois here on the floor. The bat-tle for the DACA Program and for the Dream Act has been a cause of his po-litical life. There is no person in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.034 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4995 September 6, 2017 
Chamber to whom more credit is due for this program than Senator D
URBIN . So with great respect, as well as affec-tion, I will yield the floor to him. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE for his kind words. I come to the floor to join in with a dozen or more of my colleagues who were here earlier to talk about the sit-uation we now face. Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE is correct—this is an issue that is very personal to me. It is one that dates back to the year 2001, 16 years ago. It was a time when we received a call in my office in the city of Chicago, and the person on the other end was with a program called the Merit music program. She said: I have a problem with one of my students, and I need your help. The Merit music program is a special opportunity for young people in Chi-cago’s public schools, particularly from low-income families, to be trained on a musical instrument, free of charge, and some amazing things happen. Every student who is part of the Merit music program goes to college—every single one of them. They learn self-esteem, they learn a musical instrument, and it shows. Their lives are transformed. She told us the story of one of these students. Her name is Tereza Lee. Tereza Lee was born in Korea and brought to the United States by her mom and dad when she was 2 years old. They came through Brazil before they came to Chicago, but they settled in Chicago. Her mom and dad raised her and her brother and sister. They were not well-off at all. In fact, they were poor. Mom worked in a dry cleaner estab-lishment, which is fairly common in Chicago; Korean Americans probably work there more than any other group. Her father was an aspiring preacher who wanted to open a church for the Korean population, but it never seemed to materialize. Mom worked extra hard, and the kids went to public schools. At age 12, Tereza Lee heard about the Merit music program, signed up for it, went in, and fell in love with playing the piano. She turned out to be a prod-igy. She was extraordinary. By the time she was ready to grad-uate from high school, they said: You have to apply to a music school. Well, she wasn’t sure. Nobody she knew had gone to college. But she started to fill out the application and ran into the question about her Social Security number. She turned to her mother and said: What am I supposed to do about this? Her mother said: I don’t know. After we brought you to the United States at the age of 2, we didn’t file any papers. What could they do? They reached out to the Merit music program, and the Merit music program said: Let’s call Durbin’s office. They called my office and contacted my caseworker, whose name is Clarisol Duque. She is now my chief of staff, but back then she was a caseworker. She looked up the law. She called the INS, and they said: The law is very clear. Tereza Lee from Korea is un-documented. She is in the United States. Although she is now 17 or 18 years old, she never filed the appro-priate papers, and under the laws of the United States of America, the recourse is for her to return to the last country she was in—Brazil—to wait 10 years, and apply to come back to the United States—10 years. I thought to myself, and so did my caseworker: Why would you do this to this young girl? She did nothing wrong. In fact, she is a pretty amazing story of success from a poor family. I sat down and said: Let’s write a law to deal with it, and we wrote the DREAM Act. My original cosponsor of the DREAM Act was O
RRIN HATCH of Utah. This goes back, as I said, 16 years ago, so when I stand here today and talk about this issue, it is an issue I have come to know in a lot of different ways. Most importantly, I have come to know the young people whose lives have been affected by our laws as they currently exist. Over the years, an interesting thing has happened. After I wrote the DREAM Act and would go around Chi-cago and tell the story of this new bill that I had just introduced, there would be a lot of young people, mainly His-panic youngsters, who would listen to me and not react very much at all. Then, many times, I would go out to my car to go back home at the end of the night, and in the darkness, stand-ing by my car, would be one or two young people. They would look in both directions to make sure no one could hear them, and they would whisper to me: Senator, I am a Dreamer. These were undocumented children— teenagers, adolescents—who had been taught early in life to be extremely careful: Never, ever admit that you are undocumented; never, ever get in-volved with the law because you could be deported tomorrow morning, and your family might be deported with you. So they grew up in fear—fear of what might happen with a knock on the door. So now comes this politician, this Senator, who says: I am going to change the law. I am going to make it right for you. Well, many of their parents were skeptical. They didn’t believe it. Poli-ticians say a lot of things. But these young people did something very inter-esting. Their approach to this evolved from standing in the darkness and whispering ‘‘I am a Dreamer,’’ listen-ing to their parents tell them ‘‘Don’t say out loud that you are undocu-mented’’; they, of course, did exactly what their parents didn’t want them to do. They started standing up and say-ing publicly: I am a Dreamer. I want to tell you who I am and my story. They wore T-shirts and buttons, and they rallied, and there was no question that they were going to come and tell their stories. As they told their stories to me, I decided the best thing I could do was to tell their stories on the floor of the U.S. Senate. So I started telling them. With their permission and a color photograph, I would tell the sto-ries of these young people. Each one of them, standing at this desk and other places in the Chamber, usually cap-tured the attention of the people who would gather because each one of these stories was so compelling. They were compelling stories because here were young people who had all the odds against them. I remember when I was a teenager, in my insecurity, wondering what I would ever do and afraid of doing the wrong thing. Then I think of these young peo-ple, who have the decks stacked against them. They have been told they are not legal in this country, and there are people who would like to see them gone tomorrow. Yet these young people started emerging and telling the stories, and I started repeating them. Then some amazing stories started emerging about what they were doing with their lives. You see, if you are undocumented in this country, you don’t qualify for a lot of things most Americans take for granted—Pell grants to go to college. Students from low-income families re-ceive up to $5,000 or more a year to go to college. Undocumented students, Dreamers, receive nothing—nothing— from the Federal Government. The same thing is true about student loans. For the most part, unless there is a State program, these undocu-mented students can’t qualify for any government student loans. They have to find some other way. They usually have to work their way through col-lege—or whatever their aspirations might be. Over the years, this bill was heard before committees and was voted on from time to time in the House and in the Senate. Unfortunately, we never could quite find that moment when the bill could pass the Senate and the House in the same year and the same session. It never came together. There was a time when we passed it with a majority vote in the Senate, but under our rules we needed 60 votes. So we fell just short of being able to move the bill forward. Along the way, I had a colleague in the U.S. Senate named Barack Obama, my junior Senator. He was a cosponsor of my DREAM Act. Of course, he went on to bigger and better things and be-came the President of the United States. I am very proud of him for his achievement. But I didn’t waste any time after he was elected President calling him and saying: Help me. We have to do something to help these young people. I wrote him a letter, cosigned by Re-publican Senator Dick Lugar of Indi-ana, asking him to think of a way he might be able to protect the Dreamers from being deported until we passed the law. I didn’t get a response. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.035 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4996 September 6, 2017 
A year passed—a year. I sent a sec-ond letter, this time with 23 Senators signing it, urging President Obama to do something, and he did. He created the DACA program. The DACA Program was basically an opportunity for young people to come forward, to register with the govern-ment, pay a filing fee, submit to a criminal background check, and then see if they qualified for a 2-year protec-tion from deportation and a 2-year op-portunity to legally work in the United States. Well, I was just reminded: August 15, 2012, was the first day to sign up. I joined with my friend and colleague, Congressman L
UISGUTIE´RREZ , of Chi-cago. We decided we would create a sign-up, an opportunity at Navy Pier, a historic place in the city, and invite young people who qualified for DACA— Dreamers—to come in and sign up. We got volunteer immigration lawyers who wouldn’t charge these young peo-ple anything, and we sent out the no-tices to every group we could think of: Come on in if you are eligible to sign up for DACA. Congressman G
UTIE´RREZ and I didn’t know how many would show up. We were afraid it might be 200 or 300 peo-ple, and we didn’t know if we could handle any more than that with the volunteer attorneys we had. Then something happened. It was amazing. At midnight, the night be-fore, they started queueing up outside of Navy Pier, families—mom, dad, and that young son or daughter who quali-fied for DACA—and they waited in the dark all night for the chance to sign up. When it was over, it wasn’t hun-dreds, but thousands—thousands—who came to Navy Pier. We couldn’t handle them. We had to set up workshops all over the city afterward to give them their chance to sign up. It was a big risk for them. This was the first time in their lives they were going to trust the Government of the United States with information that they had carefully kept personal, con-fidential, and secret. They were going to trust this government by signing up for a program because the President of the United States had said: It will pro-tect you. They had the $500 or $600 they needed for the filing fee. They were prepared for all the background checks. At the end of the day, after 5 or 6 years of DACA, 780,000 young people have signed up for this protection. What has happened to these young people is nothing short of amazing. I could go on for a long time about the success stories of the DACA recipients once they got that protection, once they could work. I love to tell the story about Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine. That school decided they were going to open up competition for their medical school to DACA-pro-tected young people—not a special spot for them or a set-aside of quotas or numbers. No, they had to compete with everyone else. But that medical school said: These young people now deserve a chance. As a result of that decision, there are 28 medical students at Loyola Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago, and they are there because there was no place else that would accept them. This college of medicine said: If you are DACA protected, we will let you com-pete to come to our school. The word spread around the country like lightning. Some of the best and brightest young people finally got their chance, and they were accepted to this medical school. They are impressive. Remember what I said: They don’t qualify for government loans. Medical school is expensive. My State, under Governor Patrick Quinn and now con-tinued under Governor Bruce Rauner, a Democrat and Republican, set up a loan for them—but with a catch. Our State loans them enough money to go to medical school at Loyola, as long as they promise to give 1 year of medical practice for each year that we loan the money—1 year of medical practice in the inner cities in Chicago, in Wau-kegan, in East St. Louis, or in rural areas where they can’t find doctors, and they anxiously do so. They anx-iously do so because this is their chance. I tell that story because it is one that is particularly poignant. When President Trump and Attorney General Sessions yesterday decided to put an end to DACA, they put into question whether these young people will ever finish medical school. You can’t go to medical school and be an in-tern and work if you cannot legally work in the United States. They can le-gally work because of DACA. When DACA disappears, their right to legally work disappears. Their ability to be in-terns and work in the medical school disappears as well. What is going to happen to them? Is that the end of their medical edu-cation? Loyola stuck its neck out and gave them a chance. Filling those slots will be impossible. Second- and third- year students—you just can’t fill those slots. It will be a real loss—a loss of great talent and great opportunity. When President Trump made this an-nouncement with Attorney General Sessions yesterday, I was really trou-bled. I have had only one face-to-face conversation with the President. It was his Inauguration Day. It is no surprise that I didn’t support him, but I went up and shook hands with him, congratu-lated him on being elected President, and I said: I want to thank you for the kind things you have said about Dreamers. He looked me in the eye and he said: Don’t worry about those Dreamers. We are going to take care of the Dreamers. I listened then and so many times afterward when he publicly said some-thing very similar. He said at one point: We love the Dreamers. We are going to take care of those kids—over and over and over again. And I was convinced—I want to be convinced—it was a genuine sentiment in his heart that he was expressing. He has said some harsh things when it comes to immigration. I think they are fundamentally unfair things—call-ing Mexican immigrants murderers, rapists; travel bans against people of the Muslim religion. Those things are, in my mind, inconsistent with the val-ues of this country. But he said them, and many people found them appealing. Yet he always had a special comment when it came to Dreamers and DACA, and I thought maybe—just maybe—he is going to give them a break. He did until yesterday. His announce-ment that he is going to put an end to DACA in 6 months—that is going to cause a lot of problems for a lot of in-nocent people. The good thing that has happened—if there is any good to come of this—is that all across America now, there is a sensitivity, an under-standing, an appreciation of who these young people are. It is almost amazing to me that many folks can miss the whole debate for a decade or more, but when you start talking about removing this protection under law, people wake up, stand up, and speak up. In my city of Chicago, which I am honored to represent, John Rowe is an executive. He is of the opposite polit-ical faith. I know it. I like him. He likes me. He is retired now and a very generous man—he and his wife—and helps a lot of young people. In Chicago, he has been the leader in gathering over 120 Chicago business leaders who support DACA and the DREAM Act. They are gathering thousands like them around the United States, busi-ness leaders. If you saw the news ac-counts this morning, leaders of Google and Facebook and others are coming out against President Trump’s decision to end DACA. They are not alone. In addition to that, there is an extraordinary out-pouring of support for DACA and Dreamers from the faith community across the United States. I am proud that the Roman Catholic cardinal in Chicago, Blase Cupich, has been out-spoken in supporting immigration and supporting the Dreamers and those protected by DACA. It is not the only religion where the leaders have said that. In faiths—Jewish, Protestant, Catholic, Muslim religions—you find the support coming forward. It is an in-dication to me of the growing support across America. When 76 percent of the American peo-ple agree on anything, we ought to stand up and take notice. And 76 per-cent of the American people believe we ought to treat these DACA-protected people and Dreamers fairly, justly. That is what we should do. Yesterday on the floor, I talked about Jesus Contreras. Jesus Contreras was brought to the United States at the age of 6, and his family settled in Houston, TX. He went to Lone Star College down there. Again, he is un-documented, a Dreamer. He finished a course in paramedics. He became a li-censed, certified paramedic because of DACA. He happened to be there, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.037 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4997 September 6, 2017 
course, when Hurricane Harvey hit, and he worked night and day saving lives, trying to help the victims of the hurricane. There were thousands just like him, but the important part of this story is that this young man is one of those un-documented folks who really care about the people of Houston, the people of Texas, and America. He calls this home, and he wrote me a letter and told me that. I read it on the floor yes-terday. There are others. I want to tell you about one today. I am going to try to pronounce her name correctly. Ximena Magana. I probably missed that, but I am close. At 9 years of age, she came to the United States from Mexico City. She was raised in Houston and lives there today. In high school, Ximena served in the U.S. Army Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps. It is better known as Junior ROTC. She was the battalion commander of her high school Junior ROTC Program. Under her leadership, Ximena’s battalion was named the best in the Houston Independent School District. Ximena was the captain of her high school soccer team and a regular vol-unteer at the Houston Food Bank. Cur-rently, she is majoring in communica-tions at the University of Houston. She interned with U.S. Representative S
HEILA JACKSON LEEand Houston City Council Member Robert Gallegos. Due to Ximena’s community service, she was asked by the mayor of Houston to serve as the youngest member of the Mayor’s Hispanic Advisory Board. She is the first DACA recipient to serve on that board. Last week, in the aftermath of Hurri-cane Harvey, Ximena stepped in to help her community, just as she has always done. She volunteered at shelters, help-ing people with FEMA and Red Cross applications. She was joined by many other DACA recipients. She wrote me a letter. She asked for only one thing—for President Trump to come and visit Houston and meet the DACA volunteers, to meet those he-roes, to look in their eyes, to hear their stories before he made his deci-sion about whether they had a future in the United States. Ximena and so many others have so much to give to this country. Without DACA, she faces deportation. This President, who said ‘‘We love the Dreamers,’’ with his decision yester-day, has said that we are going to de-port the Dreamers. Ending the protec-tion of DACA will mean they will be subject to deportation any minute of any day. They would send her back to Mexico, where she hasn’t lived since she was 9. If that happened, would America be a stronger country or a better country? The answer is clear. When we introduced the Dream Act, Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , who is my cosponsor and a great ally and friend in this, a Republican from South Caro-lina, said: ‘‘The moment of reckoning is coming.’’ That moment is here. Re-publican leaders in Congress have to make a decision about Ximena and thousands just like her. Are we going to be a fair and just society? Are we going to give these young people a chance for a future? Are we going to tell them ‘‘No thanks. You are not wel-come. Leave’’? One of the President’s appointees to the voter fraud commis-sion, the secretary of state of the State of Kansas, said that this morning. He said that after the President’s decision when it comes to eliminating DACA, it is time for them to leave this country. I think he is wrong. These people, just like this young lady, deserve a chance to be part of our future. How many times has she stood before that great American flag and pledged allegiance, sang the national anthem—the only one she really knows—and believed this was her coun-try, her flag, her future? And now we are going to tell her ‘‘No thanks, Ximena. As good as you are, as much as you have done, America doesn’t need you’’? I don’t think so. As for this Senator, I am going to do everything in my power to protect those Dreamers and give them a chance to not only live legally in America but to become full-fledged citizens of this country. To all of the Dreamers who are lis-tening to this debate, don’t despair. You had the courage to come out of the shadows and to stop whispering and to stand up and tell the world who you are. Because you did that, we are in a stronger position today to help you re-alize your dream, to become part of the future of America. I am joined this evening by a number of visitors in my office. We invited them to come and hear me say a few words on the floor. We really lured them in with pizza. They had a little snack upstairs with me, and they are listening to this speech. They are the Dreamers from Georgetown University, my alma mater. As we said, we learned of their sto-ries and talked about this. I thought it was a pretty big deal when I trans-ferred from Saint Louis University to come here to Georgetown as a sopho-more so many years ago. It was kind of a bold thing. I had never been to Wash-ington. I never visited the campus, and I came to the university. What I did was nothing compared to what they have done. They have fought against much greater odds. They have shown more determination and maturity than I ever had at their age. All they are asking for is a chance to graduate from that great university and become part of this great Nation. Here is what we need to do. We need to make sure that we don’t leave this Senate, this House of Representatives this month or in the next few weeks without passing the Dream Act. All I am asking for—all any of us are asking for—bring it to the floor. Bring it to the floor for a vote. I have confidence that we can find 60 votes in the Senate to pass it. I think at this moment in history we can. I open my office door and my heart to those of good faith who want to join us in this effort from the Republican side. From the bottom of my heart, I thank Senator GRAHAM , Senator F
LAKE , Senator M URKOWSKI , and Sen-ator G
ARDNER —four Republican Sen-ators who have made this, thank good-ness, a bipartisan effort in the Senate. We need to do the same thing in the House of Representatives. We need to say once and for all: Your dream of be-coming part of the future of America is going to be a reality because we are going to step up today, some day soon, and make it a reality. Finally, I ask the President of the United States—as disappointed as I was by your announcement yesterday, as disappointed as I was after believing that perhaps it might end differently, we still need your help, Mr. President. If you truly do love these Dreamers, if you do believe these young people de-serve a chance, we need you to step up and speak up and join us. Let us pass this measure on a bipartisan basis. Join us in passing this measure. What-ever you are thinking about DACA, whether it was constitutional or ille-gal, let’s put that behind us. Let’s pass a real law, and let’s have a signing ceremony that says on a bipartisan basis we are going to give these young people across America their day of jus-tice, their day of opportunity, their chance to make this an even greater nation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I join with the Senator from Illinois, and I thank him for his great leadership on this issue. He has been doing this for a long time. His partnership with Sen-ator L
INDSEY GRAHAM is inspiring. I want to begin by thanking Senator D
URBIN and Senator G RAHAM for lead-ing this effort and making it bipartisan and making it possible for us to talk about an issue as Americans and not as Democrats and Republicans and having a discussion about who falls into the category of being an American who is entitled to the benefits of being in this country. For the last 5 years, the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals—or DACA—Program has created security and opportunity for young immigrants across this country. Now, the futures of some 800,000 young people—7,900 of them in Massachusetts—have been needlessly put in jeopardy because President Donald Trump feels the need to keep an ill-considered campaign promise made to his base and to break another one made to the best and brightest of our young people by re-pealing DACA. And because the House of Representatives has refused to de-bate and hold a vote on comprehensive immigration reform legislation, our immigration system remains tragically broken. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.039 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4998 September 6, 2017 
Yesterday, I met one of these Dream-ers, Diana Ortiz. Her mother brought her to the United States nearly 20 years ago. Diana studied history at Po-mona College in California, and she re-cently received a master’s degree of di-vinity from the Harvard Divinity School. She hopes to become a U.S. cit-izen. Diana literally wants to do God’s work here on Earth. DACA has provided Diana and more than a million other young immigrants safety, security, dignity, respect, and opportunity. These are young people who play, study, work, and live next door to us each and every day. What will the repeal of DACA mean for the Dreamers and for our country? It will mean bad news for our economy. Many of these Dreamers have started their own businesses and are beginning their careers. Over the course of the past 5 years of the program, 91 percent of the Dreamers have found gainful em-ployment. Removing DACA recipients from the workforce would reduce our gross domestic product by more than $460 billion over a decade and would cut contributions to Medicare and Social Security by more than $24 billion over that same 10-year period. It will mean misplaced criminal jus-tice priorities, with law enforcement focusing not on targeting drug dealers, human traffickers, and the real crimi-nals in our society, but on the Dream-ers instead. These young people are not the so-called ‘‘bad hombres’’ that President Trump said would be the focus of his administration. Most tragically, it will mean unnec-essary pain and suffering for countless young people and families across Mas-sachusetts and across the United States whose futures will be uncertain. Instead of going to sleep tonight know-ing they will be able to live their lives in peace and plan for the future, they are again left with uncertainty, vulner-able to deportation and unable to work legally. This is heartbreaking. It is unjust, and it is just plain evil. We should not punish these young people who have no other home than the United States of America. We should not go back on the word we gave when we told these young people to come out of the shadows. These Dreamers are engineers. They are police officers, teachers, and stu-dents, many in our great Massachu-setts universities. They serve bravely in our military right now—in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines. They are our best and our brightest, and they are making the most of the opportunities that the United States has always provided immigrant com-munities. I stand here this evening as a testa-ment to the future that any family can achieve in this country. When I an-nounced for the Senate 4 years ago, I decided—really, for the first time in my life—to go up and ring the doorbell of the house that my father grew up in. You pretty much grow up where your mother tells your father he is going to live. So my mother was from Malden, and my father was from Lawrence, and we grew up in Malden. My father always said: Well, Law-rence is just this great city. So I went up to ring the doorbell at 88 Phillips Street in Lawrence, in the shadow of the old south mill. It is a triple decker; that is, a three-family home, stacked one on top of the other. My father grew up on the first floor of 88 Phillips, with five brothers and sisters and a mother and father in this very tiny space. I rang the doorbell to see who lived there now, and the door opened. It was a Dominican family with their chil-dren. The accents were different, but the aspirations are just the same for that family as it existed for the Mar-keys. Now, my father graduated from Law-rence High School, from the vocational program, and his son is a U.S. Senator from the State of Massachusetts. That was a dream that my father had or his father and mother had to be here in America and to give opportunities, not so much for themselves but for the next generation. Well, that is what we are talking about. We are talking about these young people whose parents brought them here to give them a better chance, but the children didn’t have a choice in whether or not they would come here. They saw the promise that hard work, education, and oppor-tunity—helped a little bit by the gov-ernment—worked for the people. So that is really what we are talking about, and that is why I believe it is a new level of inhumanity for President Trump to betray the foundational val-ues of this Nation by repealing DACA. He is no better than Pontius Pilate by having Attorney General Jeff Sessions make the announcement yesterday. President Trump is providing abso-lutely no leadership for his party or the American people on an issue that even he says is an important one, and I can only hope that he recognizes and understands the cruelty that repealing DACA will inflict on innocent young families, innocent young people all across this country. So if President Trump wants to take away these protections, then, Congress must act. The ball is in the court of the Republican leadership in the House and in the Senate. Speaker P
AULRYANand Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL can either listen to a growing chorus of their own colleagues and to the business leaders and CEOs—including Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, General Motors— and to academic leaders and countless college and university presidents who all support DACA, or they can side with the forces of intolerance and in-justice. Congress should pass the Dream Act so that individuals who were brought here at a young age can earn citizen-ship by serving in the military or pursing higher education. Ultimately, the House of Representa-tives must also debate and vote on comprehensive immigration reform. I have long supported a pathway to citi-zenship for the 11 million immigrants who are living here in the shadows. We are the United States of America. We are a nation of immigrants. We are called on not simply to tolerate but to celebrate our immigrant communities, to understand not only the need but the value of our immigrant commu-nities, to embrace not just the dif-ferences but the diversity of our immi-grant communities. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt said: ‘‘Remember, remember always that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrants and revolutionists.’’ No one knows that better than the Commonwealth of Mas-sachusetts. We have always believed that no matter who you are or where you come from, you can achieve the American dream. We recognize that our economy and our security are stronger because of the immigrant families who have enriched our Nation since its founding. That is why this decision from the Trump administration cannot stand. We will not let it. With Congress now back in session, Republicans should prepare to have a historic debate—a de-bate about the fairness that we should extend to all of these young people. There are going to be voices, calls, marches, and protests all demanding protections for these innocent Dream-ers. I pledge my support to the 800,000 Dreamers all across our country, and I will not stop fighting for them. We will not stop fighting for them. Millions of people are going to stand up. I believe that the American dream for all of these young people is achievable, and it must be here in the Senate that the re-alization of that dream begins. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I want you to imagine for a moment that you are an 11-year-old child. Your mother tells you to pack some things because you are going on a trip. So you pick out four or five of your favorite toys and you put them into a backpack. You put in a bottle of water and some ro-sary beads as well. You walk out through the door of your home into the night with your mom. You don’t know what is going on. You are just doing what you were told. You hold your mother’s hand, and you walk in silence. Soon you are walking with 20 others through the Mexican desert. You are tired and hungry and carrying every-thing that matters to you on your back. The sweat is pouring off. The prickly bushes scrape your body. You are overcome by dehydration, and you faint. Someone comes to your aid. They give you some water from their can-teen. You come to and you keep going. Eventually, on this journey, you make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.040 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4999 September 6, 2017 
it into the United States of America, into Arizona. Then, out of the blue, the years pass and you grow up. Fourteen years pass and now you are 25 years old. You have spent more than half your life in the United States of America. You are studying and going to college to get your degree in economics or working full time at the local bank to save money. You have made friends and built a life for yourself, and things are going well. Then, all of a sudden, your fu-ture—everything you had planned for in life—is thrown into doubt. The President of the United States has just said that he views you as a criminal be-cause of the decision your mother made well more than a decade before. Just remember what you did. You fol-lowed what your mom said: Put some things into a backpack, and we are going out into the night. It doesn’t matter to President Trump that you had no choice in that deci-sion. It doesn’t matter to him all you have had to overcome. It doesn’t mat-ter how you have invested so seriously in being a productive part of your com-munity. In the eyes of the President of the United States, you are a criminal. It really shouldn’t be too hard to imagine that story because the story close to that is the story of some 800,000 people living in the United States—young men and women who came here as children, having nothing to do with the decision themselves. This particular story that I have read to you is the true story of an Orego-nian. It is a story that belongs to Hugo, one of 11,000 Dreamers living in Oregon today. Like the hundreds of thousands of others brought to this country as children through no fault of their own, Hugo’s future was thrown into com-plete chaos by the President—thrown into chaos when Attorney General Ses-sions, acting on orders from President Trump, announced the cruel and heart-less decision to end the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, or the DACA Program. We know this program best as a program for Dream-ers, those young men and women who are seeking to do everything they can to have productive lives, to contribute to their community, to establish a fi-nancial foundation, and to contribute back to America—those young men and women who know no other nation, who speak no other language, who con-tribute to society, and who are Amer-ican in every way that matters. But that is not the viewpoint President Trump has, and so we in the Senate have to act. The United States is and always has been a nation of immigrants. Unless one is a Native American, each of us— every one of us—is either an immigrant or descended from immigrants who were fleeing famine, immigrants who were fleeing political persecution, im-migrants who were fleeing religious persecution, immigrants who were sim-ply seeking a better life, greater oppor-tunity, greater freedom for their fam-ily. That is the foundation on which America has been based. Our Founding Fathers recognized just how vital immigration was to the growth and strength of our budding Na-tion. After all, it was James Madison, the author of our Constitution and our fourth President, who declared during the Constitutional Convention that ‘‘America was indebted to immigration for her settlement and prosperity.’’ He continued: ‘‘That part of America which had encouraged immigration most has advanced most rapidly. . . .’’ Now, we have always had debates and discussions about immigration. At times, we have been shortsighted in banning or limiting one group or an-other in a generation only to turn around and welcome them with open arms in the next generation. Time and again, we have overcome our preju-dices. We have remained true to the loving and compassionate Nation we are, a Nation that has welcomed others to our shores. If we want to know the true nature of our country, we only need to look to the Statute of Liberty, where there, below the feet of Lady Liberty, are in-scribed those words: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ I think that line from the poet Emma Lazarus reso-nates so powerfully because we know that so many of our lives are connected through our parents, grandparents, and great grandparents to that experience of coming to America’s shores poor and tired and yearning to breathe free. Generation after generation of immi-grants saw Lady Liberty, this wel-coming symbol of freedom and oppor-tunity, as their first glimpse of Amer-ica. It has inspired hope and given peo-ple across the world permission to dream. But if we end DACA, if we crush the dreams of these young men and women, we might as well take away those words off of the pedestal of Lady Lib-erty because we will no longer be that compassionate Nation. We will no longer be that welcoming Nation that has played such an instrumental role in each of our histories. I can’t think of anything more dam-aging to the well-being or the future of our great Nation because we know that when people come here and add their distinctive cultures, beliefs, and back-grounds to the melting pot of America, we become a stronger country and a stronger people. This is especially true of our Dream-ers, the 800,000 men and women for whom America is the only home they know, the 800,000 who came here as young children, the 800,000 who went to school here and made their friends here and grew up here and invested in cre-ating a future here, the young men and women whom we promised, if they came out of the shadows, if they did ev-erything else right, if they obeyed the laws and met the rigorous require-ments asked of them, that we would protect and look after them in this Dreamer Program—people such as Hugo Nicolas, whose story I just shared, and Zaira Flores, another Dreamer who came to America as a child who grew up in this country and is now giving back to our country. Zaira came when she was just 6 years old. Her younger brother was in need of medical attention, and he couldn’t get that medical attention back home in Mexico, but he got it here in America. He underwent years of treatment and surgery, and thereupon Zaira’s family decided that this was their home. Two decades have passed. Two decades have passed, and now 26-year-old Zaira Flo-res works for the State of Oregon. She is a bilingual counselor and volunteer coordinator who assesses social serv-ices and disability programs for older adults. Zaira didn’t make the decision to come here or to stay here. She didn’t have a say in the matter. She doesn’t remember her life back in Mex-ico. Attorney General Sessions and Presi-dent Trump may say she is a criminal, but I say she is a contributing member of Oregon who has done everything right to build a solid life, a contrib-uting member to our country, and we need to pass the Dream Act to make sure she can continue to make these substantial contributions. It is the only right thing to do for her, but it is also the right thing to do for our com-munity, for Zaira and Hugo and the hundreds of thousands of talented, driven young men and women just like them who embody the American dream. They have risen up from hum-ble beginnings. They have overcome adversity to thrive. Aren’t these ex-actly the kinds of individuals we want in our Nation? We ought to be cele-brating these Dreamers for all they are doing, not punishing them for choices made by their parents. The eviction of 800,000 Dreamers just doesn’t hurt them, it doesn’t just pun-ish them, it doesn’t just damage their families, it hurts all of us because as punishing as it would be to send Dreamers back to countries they have never known, all of us will pay a price if this is allowed to happen. We will pay the price economically in the esti-mated $460 billion the economy would lose over the next 10 years, and we would pay the price morally as our Na-tion’s standing as a beacon of hope and opportunity is tarnished in the eyes of the world. If President Trump will not do the right thing, if he is willing to turn his back on these 800,000 young men and women, then it is up to all of us in Con-gress to stand up for them. It is what many of my Republican colleagues, both here in the Senate and over in the House, have said they want to accom-plish, including Speaker R
YANand Ma-jority Leader M
CCONNELL . It is what President Trump’s friends in the busi-ness sector have said they want. Just this past weekend, more than 400 in-dustry leaders signed a letter pledging 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:00 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.042 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5000 September 6, 2017 
their support for DACA and urging the President to continue it. It is what nearly three-quarters of the American people say they want to see happen in the most recent polls. So let’s listen to our business lead-ers, let’s listen to our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, let’s listen to the American people, let’s listen to our hearts and our minds on this issue be-fore us, and let’s act expeditiously—not in 6 months, with days to spare before President Trump’s clock runs out. Let’s act within 6 days. Let’s act quickly because for every single day that passes now, these individuals and their extended families are in a whirl of pain and uncertainty. That simply isn’t right. Let’s protect these Dream-ers who are here through no fault of their own, who have contributed an enormous amount to our country, and who are American in every single way that matters. To paraphrase President Madison, we are a nation that is indebted to immi-gration for our incredible success. We cannot—we must not renege on that debt by turning our backs on the Dreamers. It would undermine our Na-tion’s moral standing. It would hurt our economy. It is cruel. It is mean. It is absolutely just plain wrong. Let’s get that bill on this floor and let’s pass it expeditiously. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I think I will shock nobody by telling the Chair that I disagree with almost every policy President Trump has brought forth. No, I do not believe that we should throw 23 million Americans off of health insurance and give hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top 2 percent. No. I happen to believe that at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is high time for the wealthiest people in this country and for large, profitable corporations to start paying their fair share of taxes. No, I do not believe, as President Trump does, that we should cut Pell grants and food stamps and afterschool programs and Medicaid and nutrition programs for pregnant women and heating assistance programs. I believe that in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, we must protect those who are the most vulnerable. No, I do not believe, as President Trump does, that climate change is a hoax. I believe it is the greatest envi-ronmental crisis facing our planet and that it is already causing devastating harm throughout our Nation and throughout the world and on and on it goes. There is very little in public policy on which I agree with the President, but there is one area in which my dis-agreement with President Trump goes much deeper than public policy. The truth is, every President in recent his-tory, including conservative Presidents like George W. Bush and liberals like Barack Obama, has understood that one of the prime functions of being President of the United States is to bring the people of our country to-gether, whether you are Black or whether you are White or whether you are Latino or whether you are Asian American or whether you are Native American. Every President has instinc-tively understood that one of the prime responsibilities of a President is to bring our people together as proud Americans. Unfortunately and tragically, this is something Donald Trump does not un-derstand. At a time when this country faces so many serious crises, whether it is the high cost of healthcare, whether it is climate change, whether it is the proliferation of low-wage jobs and a starvation minimum wage, whether it is the huge national debt we face, whether it is inadequate educational opportunities, whether it is a broken criminal justice system, instead of bringing our people together to address those important issues and trying to solve them, what this President is doing, uniquely in modern history, is trying to divide us up by the color of our skin, by our sexual orientation, by the country we were born in, by our re-ligion. Instead of bringing us together to solve the many problems we face as a people, he is trying to divide us up in order to gain political support from a segment of our population. He is trying to divide us up based on the color of our skin, which is what his attacks on affirmative action are all about. He is trying to divide us up based on reli-gion, which is what his Muslim ban is all about. We are not supposed to like Muslims. He is trying to divide us up based on sexual orientation, which is what his attacks on transgender indi-viduals serving in the military is about. We are supposed to hate transgender people and discriminate against them, and he is trying to divide us up based on our country of origin and our immigration status. In my view, Trump’s decision to end the DACA Program for some 800,000 young people is the cruelest and most ugly Presidential act in the modern history of this country. I cannot think of one single act which is uglier and more cruel. These are 800,000 young people—often exemplary young people—the kind of kids we are proud of. These are kids who know this country—the United States of America—as their only home. In fact, many of these young people know English as their only language. These are young people who today are in college, they are in law school, they are in medical school, and they are proudly serving in the U.S. military. What this President has done is to take away the legal status by which these young people can work and find jobs, go to school, and live without fear. If they don’t have that legal sta-tus, it means that anytime they walk down the street, they are frightened they could be arrested and deported from this country and separated from their families. This act, on the part of Donald Trump, is an abomination, and Con-gress must reject Trump’s action and pass DACA into law. This is exactly what the American people want us to do. A recent poll—I think it came out yesterday—done by Morning Consult and Politico reports that 76 percent of those who were polled said the government should allow immigrants brought to the United States illegally as children to remain here—76 percent. Eighty-four percent of Democrats support the Dreamers having legal status, while 69 percent of Republicans surveyed also favor such a policy. In another poll in April of 2017, 73 percent of Trump supporters said Dreamers should be allowed to stay in the United States and become legal residents. In other words—and I say this to the young people who are in DACA—please do not think for one mo-ment that you are being deserted by the people of this country. You are not. You are being attacked by a President of the United States who chooses to di-vide us up, and you are today’s victims. Tomorrow it may well be another mi-nority group. So this is a pivotal moment in Amer-ican history, and we need to tell those young people that we will not see their legal status removed. We will not see them thrown out of the only country they have ever known. We need strong, bipartisan support to pass the Dream Act, and I hope we will do that as soon as possible. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SISTER JANICE RYAN Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on Sep-tember 13, 2017, the Vermont Commu-nity Foundation will pay tribute to Sister Janice Ryan for the many con-tributions she has made to our State of Vermont and its residents. The founda-tion will present Sister Janice with its Lifetime Achievement Award for Com-munity Service—just 1 day before she celebrates her 81st birthday, having been born September 14, 1936, on the family dairy farm in Fairfield, VT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.043 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5001 September 6, 2017 
In the case of Sister Janice, ‘‘commu-nity service’’ extends well beyond the borders of our small State. Through her lens, the community is global. Perhaps it was the work ethic and the duties of stewardship that she learned growing up on the farm or the responsibility that comes with being raised the eldest of six children, but since joining the Sisters of Mercy as a teenager, Sister Janice rose to what-ever challenge she was presented and brought her trademark energy, com-passion, and influence to every task. Before most of us even heard the phrase ‘‘mainstreaming,’’ Sister Janice worked tirelessly to ensure that chil-dren with special needs received the education they deserved, first at the State level, and later in her work as a staff member in the U.S. Senate. Later, serving as project director of the Catholic Campaign to Ban Landmines, she was a great ally with me in the work we did in the 1990s and since then to rid the world of landmines. Her pas-sion and commitment to that issue in-spired me and many others. Sister Janice’s titles have been many and varied: professor and college presi-dent, deputy corrections commissioner, criminal justice reformer, human rights advocate, and, of course, Catho-lic nun. What is common to all of her work is her heartfelt belief that we cannot and we must not lose sight of the poor and vulnerable among us. Representing the Sisters of Mercy, Sister Janice has always done this work in a quiet but most effective manner. Her no-nonsense personality cuts straight to the core of the issue and to the pressing need. She is mas-terful at bringing opposing sides to-gether and finding the common lan-guage needed to move us forward. In these times we live in, we need many more people like Sister Janice in the world. Upon receiving an honorary degree from the University of Vermont in 2008, Sister Janice spoke about the role that faith has played in her life. She told an interviewer that she was first drawn to the Sisters of Mercy because of its em-phasis on education and its work with immigrants. ‘‘I truly believe we have purpose and that it is related to some greater force,’’ she said at the time. ‘‘It is al-most impossible to imagine my life without a belief in a higher power, to put it in secular terms. There is so much in the universe that calls out for it.’’ Marcelle and I have seen Sister Jan-ice answer that calling many times over. For that, our State, our Nation, and our world are better. We are so very grateful. 
f 
NATIONAL POW/MIA RECOGNITION DAY Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, in rec-ognition of National POW/MIA Rec-ognition Day, today I wish to call at-tention to the importance of maintain-ing focus on efforts to bring home America’s prisoners of war, POWs, and missing in action, MIA. Let us join in honoring America’s servicemembers, including those who have yet to make it home, and recognizing the enduring service of military families who watch and wait for the return of their loved ones. We must continue to seek answers until all American servicemembers are home. Many American families have waited decades for resolution about the fate of their loved ones who went miss-ing while serving our Nation. I com-mend those who are working to bring America’s servicemembers home and who keep a spotlight on the service of those who remain missing. Idahoans, including members of the POW*MIA Awareness Rally Corp., raise awareness about the continued need to return our missing servicemembers, holding an-nual rallies and other events to keep a spotlight on the service of those who remain missing and the need for an-swers for their families. Their efforts are greatly valued in helping to ensure that the return of American service-members is prioritized. The Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency reports that more than 360 Ida-hoans are among those who have not yet been recovered following their service in World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war. Their serv-ice and return must be ever fixed in our national attention. My prayers are with their families and friends that they may experience the long-awaited return of their loved ones. We cannot let up in the search. As Americans, it is our duty to bring home those who have given so much for us. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO PAM TESTROET ∑Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize and honor the president-elect of the Louisiana REAL-TORS, Mrs. Pam Foreman Testroet. Pam is a distinguished realtor in Lou-isiana whose career has been defined by her devotion to ethics and her ability to make people comfortable while making important life decisions. The Louisiana REALTORS, LR, is a trade association tasked with helping its members in the business of real es-tate in Louisiana. LR represents its members on real estate issues before the State and Federal governments while also providing legal assistance and professional development opportu-nities. As president, Pam will ensure LR achieves its mission of ‘‘providing optimum member resources while serv-ing as the advocate for REALTORS and consumers.’’ Pam began her career in Baton Rouge working for the Louisiana State Legislature and the constitutional con-vention. She held various jobs in New Orleans and Houma, LA, before pur-suing her dream of a career in real es-tate in 2003. After receiving her real es-tate license, Pam became actively in-volved in REALTOR organizations, serving as a director on boards at the local, State, and national levels. Pam’s top career priorities include client satisfaction, ethics, communica-tion, technology, and education. As evidenced by her numerous awards, Pam has excelled at those priorities. Pam’s awards include: 2005 Rookie of the Year, 2007 REALTOR of the Year, 2008 Congeniality Award, 2010 RE/MAX Cooperative Spirit Award, Louisiana REALTORS 2013 REALTOR of the Year, 2016 Louisiana REALTORS sec-retary/treasurer, and, finally, 2017 president-elect of Louisiana REAL-TORS. I would like to congratulate Pam on her astounding career and her ascen-sion to the position of president of the Louisiana REALTORS. Her election as president is a testament of her work ethic and the positive impact she has had on those with which she has come in contact. I know Pam will excel in this position, and I am proud to have her in the great State of Louisiana. ∑ f 
CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF CASCADE, IDAHO ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-league Senator J
IMRISCH joins me today in honoring the city of Cascade, ID, in its 100th year since its incorpora-tion. One hundred years ago, Cascade got its start as a prime location along the railroad tracks that crossed Valley County, ID, and developed into the county seat. Cascade became a central place for transporting the timber har-vested nearby to area sawmills and a hub for mining. Like its neighbors in other parts of Valley County, Cascade has faced booms and downturns in the logging, mining, and agriculture sec-tors, with resilience and ingenuity. The beauty of the local landscapes and nat-ural resources continue to attract recreation and other outdoor activities to this picturesque community, and residents embody the industriousness and warmth at the heart of the com-munity and its historical roots. Cas-cade’s chamber of commerce aptly highlights Cascade’s ‘‘scenic beauty, fresh mountain air, warm friendly peo-ple and unlimited recreational activi-ties.’’ It is truly a treasure of our great State. Congratulations to the residents of Cascade on 100 years of accomplish-ments in developing Cascade that is a wonderful home and destination to so many. We wish you well as you con-tinue to work for the advancement of this great community and its resi-dents.∑ 
f 
CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF THE TOWN OF ESTES PARK ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the centennial celebra-tion of the town of Estes Park, CO. For 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.054 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5002 September 6, 2017 
more than a century, Estes Park has been the primary entrance point into one of our national treasures, Rocky Mountain National Park. Millions of tourists visit the national park each year, beginning their journey in Estes Park. Before the formal incorporation of the town, many Native American tribes spent time in the region, includ-ing the Utes, Arapaho, Shoshone, and the Comanche. Settlers began to come to the area when President Abraham Lincoln signed the Homestead Act into law in 1862, encouraging them to travel West and explore unchartered terri-tory. In 1863, Joel and Patsy Estes traveled from Kentucky, in search of fertile land to begin their cattle ranch in Colorado, and they found it in the area that later bore their name. By 1874, many more settlers had traveled out West and made Estes Park their home. The original Coloradans living in Estes Park were resourceful and inge-nious, building schools and homes from the ground up in this rugged, moun-tainous terrain. The present Colo-radans living in Estes Park are also re-silient—surviving floods and severe damages to the town and surrounding area in 1982 and again in 2013. Fol-lowing the devastation of the flooding in 2013, U.S. Highway 34, one of the main roads into Estes, was in need of extreme restoration. Through bipar-tisan efforts in both the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate, the Colorado delegation was able to ensure this highway received the funding it re-quired to keep the gateway to Rocky Mountain National Park open. I would like to congratulate the Town of Estes Park on this exciting milestone, and I look forward to the town’s many more years of prosperity and success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS CERRA ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Thomas Cerra, a noble veteran, an inspiration to his commu-nity, and a beloved member of my home State of West Virginia. Growing up in the northern pan-handle of our beloved State, it is in-grained in each West Virginian that you have to work hard for what you want in life. Tom is indeed one of the hardest working men I know. Early on, he worked odd jobs during summers and after school and learned the value of a customer service mentality. Prior to joining the military, Tom worked on the B&O Railroad, drove a truck for a meat-packing plant and worked for the State road, while also attending night school for industrial drafting. In 1959, Tom joined the U.S. Army to serve his country and was honorably discharged in 1962. This experience only added to Tom’s outstanding character, as he continued to develop his leader-ship skills and discipline. His service will never be forgotten. One of my favorite stories about Tom is that, once he was discharged from the Army, he returned to the YMCA where he had trained and instructed for many years. It was the year of West Virginia’s centennial celebration, and the community hosted the Mister West Virginia Centennial Weightlifting Con-test. Tom won the top award in the 181- pound lifting class and the physique contest and was crowned ‘‘Mister West Virginia Centennial.’’ Throughout all of his training, Tom never missed a day of work and still had time to get his weightlifting trophy engraved 2 weeks ahead of time. His sharp wit and sense of humor only add to his unforgettable character. Tom worked all over the country, but found an opportunity to come home to Wheeling when he applied for a job with then-Ohio Valley Builders Ex-change. After a few short years with the company, he convinced the board of directors to change the name of the company to more accurately define what they did, and so it became the Ohio Valley Construction Employers Council, Inc. Tom then led the charge to form a labor management organiza-tion in order to promote the contrac-tors and building tradesmen to their customers. The group adjusted the name to Project BEST: Building Effi-ciency by Striving Together and was incorporated in 1982. Project BEST is now comprised of hundreds of contractors and thousands of building trades craftsmen and ap-prentices in the Upper Ohio Valley re-gion. This group is known for providing annual scholarships to area univer-sities and colleges, promoting work-place safety and productivity, and pro-vides a forum for the discussion of in-dustry matters with all those involved with economic development endeavors. What remained the same throughout the years was Tom’s dedication to his parents, Christine and Thomas, and his brother, Jimmy, who always provided him with unwavering support through-out his career. It is my hope that he enjoys his well-deserved retirement with his loved ones—including his son, Bryan, his niece, Tina Marie, his grandchildren, Makayla, Angelina, and Wyatt, and his entire family. Tom is the epitome of the American Dream. He worked hard his entire life and always stroved to give back to his community after he served his country. It is my great privilege to recognize his accomplishments and to extend thanks, on behalf of all West Vir-ginians, for his unwavering service. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LUCIANO ‘‘LUCKY’’ VARELA ∑Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to longtime New Mexico State Representative Luciano ‘‘Lucky’’ Varela, who passed away on September 2, 2017. Lucky served the State of New Mexico for over five decades—first as a financial expert for the State finance department and then as a respected legislator in the New Mexico House of Representatives. We will remember Lucky as a champion for all of New Mexico, for his expertise and legisla-tive skills, and also for his kindness, civility, and great heart. Lucky was born to Celestino and Cat-alina Varela in Pecos, NM, on February 17, 1935. Growing up during and right after the Great Depression, his early jobs including hauling firewood to min-ers working near Pecos. He developed a strong work ethic and a love of the outdoors. Those early experiences in-formed his work in the State legisla-ture, including his effort to keep New Mexico rivers and streams open to sportsmen and recreationists. Lucky graduated from Pecos High School and joined the U.S. Army in 1957. He served 2 years in the Army and 6 years in the Army Reserve. He grad-uated from the College of Santa Fe with a degree in accounting. He then earned a law degree from LaSalle Uni-versity. Lucky worked as a comptroller for the New Mexico Department of Finance and Administration from the early 1960s to the mid-1980s. There he got to know the State’s finances inside and out—knowledge that would be key to his success in the legislature. After retiring from State govern-ment, Lucky couldn’t sit still. He ran for a seat in the New Mexico House of Representatives and represented Dis-trict 48 in Santa Fe for 30 years, from 1987 to 2016. Lucky’s knowledge of State finances was legion. It is said that he knew State agency finances better than the agency heads. He served as chair of the legislative finance committee and dep-uty chair of the house appropriations and finance committee. Lucky under-stood the numbers, but just as impor-tantly, he understood the people be-hind those numbers—their struggles, hopes, and dreams. He championed pub-lic education, seniors, State employ-ees, and technology, fighting for in-creases funding for public schools, higher salaries for teachers, raises for State employees, and modernizing State government technology. During the fiscal crisis of 2009, Lucky is credited with singlehandedly devel-oping the budget that balanced the budget and saved State finances. This ensured schools stayed open, State em-ployees were not laid off, and State po-lice got paid. One of his final accomplishments was a 2013 bill he cosponsored to overhaul the Public Employees Retirement As-sociation pension fund—helping make sure State retirees are secure in their retirement. Lucky gave selflessly to the people of Santa Fe, the entire State of New Mex-ico, and our Nation, but he was even more devoted to family. Lucky is sur-vived by his three children—Jeff, James, and Bernadette—and nine grandchildren. New Mexico is a better place thanks to Lucky’s over 50 years of service. We will miss him dearly. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.055 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5003 September 6, 2017 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:50 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1843. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from carrying out seizures re-lating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an il-legal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of an-other criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes. H.R. 2864. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from registration re-quirements, and for other purposes. H.R. 3110. An act to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1616. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Bob Dole, in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legis-lator, and statesman. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 69. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run. 
At 2:15 p.m., a message from he House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agreed to the amendments numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8 of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic edu-cation and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes; and fur-ther, that the House agreed to the amendment numbered 6 of the Senate to the aforementioned bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1843. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from carrying out seizures re-lating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an il-legal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of an-other criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 2864. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from registration re-quirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following joint resolution was read the first time: 
S.J. Res. 49. Joint resolution condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between Au-gust 11 and August 12, 2017 in Charlottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and sup-port to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to ad-dress the threats posed by those groups. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2688. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of se-lected reserve units, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2689. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Distribution of Department of De-fense Depot Maintenance Workloads for Fis-cal Years 2016 through 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–2690. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to an alter-native plan for monthly basic pay increases for members of the uniformed services for 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2691. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Libya that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2692. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2693. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 28, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2694. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, reports relative to Executive Order 13783; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–2695. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Volatile Or-ganic Compounds Rule Revision and Stage II Vapor Recovery’’ (FRL No. 9965–62–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 22, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2696. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; AK; Adoption Updates and Rule Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9966–80–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 22, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2697. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Major New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9966–78– Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 22, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2698. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Permits, Approvals, and Registrations’’ (FRL No. 9966–79–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 22, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2699. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; TN; Redesignation of the Knox-ville 2006 24-hour PM2.5 Nonattainment Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9966–93–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 22, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2700. A communication from the Wild-life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.007 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5004 September 6, 2017 
‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations on Certain Federal In-dian Reservations and Ceded Lands for the 2017–18 Season’’ (RIN1018–BB40) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2701. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Repayment Center in Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2702. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Examination of Re-turns and Claims for Refund, Credit, or Abatement; Determination of Correct Liabil-ity’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–44) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2703. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 305 Treat-ments of Elective Dividends by Publicly Of-fered REITS and RICS’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–45) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–2704. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Average Bronze Plan Premium’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–48) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–2705. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘General Arbitrage Rebate Rules’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–50) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2706. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to amendments to part 121 of the International Traffic in Arms Regula-tions (ITAR); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2707. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the ex-port of fully automatic rifles, semi-auto-matic pistols, and silencers with extra maga-zines and accessories to Indonesia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–053); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–2708. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0149—2017–0158); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2709. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Ad-ministration’s fiscal year 2017 Commercial Activities Inventory and Inherently Govern-mental Activities Inventory and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2710. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Office of the Sec-retary, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Waiving Departmental Review of Appraisals and Valuations of Indian Prop-erty’’ (RIN1093–AA20) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–2711. A communication from the Acting Register of Copyrights and Director, United States Copyright Office, Library of Congress, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Proposed Schedule and Analysis of Copyright Recordation Fee To Go into Effect on or about December 18, 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–2712. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Elec-tronic System for Travel Authorization Fee Act’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2713. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, United States Customs and Border Protec-tion, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Waiver of Passport and Visa Requirements Due to an Unforeseen Emer-gency’’ (RIN1651–AA97) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amendments: S. 1631. A bill to authorize the Department of State for Fiscal Year 2018, and for other purposes. S. 1697. A bill to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Pal-estinian Authority to end violence and ter-rorism against Israeli citizens and United States Citizens. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 1765. A bill to require a comprehensive plan for the sharing of best practices for depot-level maintenance among the military services; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. B EN-
NET): S. 1766. A bill to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. C
OCHRAN ): S. 1767. A bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 1768. A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. KAINE, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I SAKSON , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S.J. Res. 49. A joint resolution condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between Au-gust 11 and August 12, 2017 in Charlottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and sup-port to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to ad-dress the threats posed by those groups; read the first time. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. HIRONO: S. Con. Res. 23. A concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Filipino Veterans of World War II; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 229 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 229, a bill to provide for the confidentiality of information sub-mitted in requests for the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 243 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 243, a bill to provide for a permanent extension of the enforce-ment instruction on supervision re-quirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY) were added as cosponsors of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medi-care outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 326, a bill to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.015 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5005 September 6, 2017 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the tax-exempt financing of certain government-owned buildings. 
S. 385 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 385, a bill to promote en-ergy savings in residential buildings and industry, and for other purposes. 
S. 589 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 589, a bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to re-quire all political committees to notify the Federal Election Commission with-in 48 hours of receiving cumulative contributions of $1,000 or more from any contributor during a calendar year, and for other purposes. 
S. 662 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 662, a bill to provide incentives for hate crime reporting, grants for State-run hate crime hotlines, a Federal private right of action for victims of hate crimes, and additional penalties for in-dividuals convicted under the Matthew Shephard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby Medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the issuance of exempt facility bonds for qualified carbon dioxide cap-ture facilities. 
S. 967 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 967, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to increase ac-cess to ambulance services under the Medicare program and to reform pay-ments for such services under such pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. S. 1089 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1089, a bill to require the Secretary of Energy to review and up-date a report on the energy and envi-ronmental benefits of the re-refining of used lubricating oil. 
S. 1113 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
AR-
RIS) were added as cosponsors of S. 1113, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1132 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1132, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make per-manent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices. 
S. 1256 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1256, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the 23d Head-quarters, Special Troops and the 3133d Signal Service Company in recognition of their unique and distinguished serv-ice as a ‘‘Ghost Army’’ that conducted deception operations in Europe during World War II. 
S. 1322 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1322, a bill to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Com-mittee to assist in the awarding of fish-eries research and development grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 1323 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1323, a bill to preserve United States fishing heritage through a national program dedicated to train-ing and assisting the next generation of commercial fishermen, and for other purposes. 
S. 1359 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1359, a bill to amend the John F. Kennedy Center Act to author-ize appropriations for the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts, and for other purposes. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1455, a bill to amend the United States Energy Storage Competitive-ness Act of 2007 to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish new goals for the Department of Energy relating to energy storage and to carry out certain demonstration projects relating to en-ergy storage. S. 1579 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1579, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to es-tablish advisory boards, and for other purposes. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1591, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1706 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1706, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. At the request of Ms. B
ALDWIN , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1706, supra. At the request of Mr. S
ANDERS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1706, supra. At the request of Mr. L
EAHY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1706, supra. At the request of Mr. U
DALL , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1706, supra. At the request of Ms. D
UCKWORTH , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1706, supra. 
S. 1718 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1718, a bill to authorize the minting of a coin in honor of the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1751 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1751, a bill to modify the defi-nitions of a mortgage originator, a high-cost mortgage, and a loan origi-nator. 
S. RES. 160 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 160, a resolution honoring the service to United States Armed Forces provided by military working dogs and contract working dogs, also known as ‘‘war dogs’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 592 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 592 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.017 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5006 September 6, 2017 
Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 605 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 605 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 662 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 662 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 663 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 663 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 1766. A bill to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1766 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sexual As-sault Forensic Evidence Reporting Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘SAFER Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PEDIATRIC SEXUAL ASSAULT NURSE EX-AMINERS. 
Section 304(c)(2) of the DNA Sexual Assault Justice Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136a) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, both adult and pedi-atric,’’ after ‘‘role of forensic nurses’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and elder abuse’’ and in-serting ‘‘elder abuse, and, in particular, the need for pediatric sexual assault nurse exam-iners, including such nurse examiners work-ing in the multidisciplinary setting, in re-sponding to abuse of both children and ado-lescents’’. SEC. 3. REDUCING THE RAPE KIT BACKLOG. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 2(c)(4) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(c)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF SUNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1006 of the SAFER Act of 2013 (42 U.S.C. 14135 note) is repealed. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents for the Vio-lence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4; 127 Stat. 54) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 1006. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S.J. Res. 49. A joint resolution con-demning the violence and domestic ter-rorist attack that took place during events between August 11 and August 12, 2017 in Charlottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those indi-viduals who were killed and deepest sympathies and support to those indi-viduals who were injured by the vio-lence, expressing support for the Char-lottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups; read the first time. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I want to welcome all my colleagues back to the Capitol. Obviously, we have a busy time in front of us. I would appreciate a moment of per-sonal privilege to thank my col-leagues—including the Senator from Colorado—who reached out to me in the wake of the horrible events 4 weeks ago in Charlottesville, VA. I appre-ciated the messages of support for the Charlottesville community and the bi-partisan condemnation of the White nationalists and anti-Semitic activists who chose my State and the home of the author of the Declaration of Inde-pendence to show the world their hate-ful, misguided, and violent beliefs. I have partnered with my fellow Vir-ginian, Senator K
AINE, and with Sen-ator G
ARDNER , Senator I SAKSON , and others on a bipartisan basis to create a resolution condemning the hatred and violence we saw on display in Char-lottesville. Our resolution condemns the White nationalists and White supremacists, the KKK, and anti-Semitic groups. Our resolution also honors the memory of Heather Heyer and the two Virginia State police officers, Lieutenant Jay Cullen and Trooper Berke Bates, who lost their lives in Charlottesville. Our bipartisan resolution also calls upon the Trump administration to do more than track the recent and distressing increase in these violent discrimina-tory attacks but to actually counter these efforts with a coordinated re-sponse that draws upon all the re-sources of our Federal Government. Our Nation is better than the vileness and violence we saw in Char-lottesville on August 11 and 12. Our Na-tion also deserves clear and unequivo-cal condemnation of racist and dis-criminatory attacks from our Nation’s leaders. We are introducing the resolution today, and I encourage my colleagues to show their support for the people of Charlottesville and the people of the Commonwealth by cosponsoring this initiative. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 23—AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE FILIPINO VETERANS OF WORLD WAR II Ms. HIRONO submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was con-sidered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 23 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE FILIPINO VETERANS OF WORLD WAR II. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on October 25, 2017 for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the Filipino Veterans of World War II in recognition of their dedicated military service. (b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 789. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 790. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 791. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 792. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. P AUL) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\S06SE7.REC S06SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5007 September 6, 2017 
SA 793. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 794. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 795. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 796. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 797. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. W ICKER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 798. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 799. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 800. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 801. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. K ING, Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 802. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 803. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 804. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 805. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 806. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 807. Mr. GARDNER (for Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 920, to establish a National Clinical Care Commis-sion. SA 808. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and im-proved learning outcomes, to eliminate du-plication and waste, and for other purposes. SA 809. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 808 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 601, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 789. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. UPGRADE OF M113 VEHICLES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 may be obligated or expended to upgrade Army M113 vehicles until the Secretary of the Army submits to the congressional de-fense committees a report setting forth the strategy of the Army for the upgrade of such vehicles. The report shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A detailed strategy for upgrading and fielding M113 vehicles. (2) An analysis of the manner in which the Army plans to address M113 vehicle surviv-ability and maneuverability concerns. (3) An analysis of the historical costs asso-ciated with upgrading M113 vehicles, and a validation of current cost estimates for up-grading such vehicles. (4) A comparison of total procurement and life cycle costs of adding an echelon above brigade (EAB) requirement to the Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV) with total procurement and life cycle costs of upgrad-ing legacy M113 vehicles. (5) An analysis of the possibility of further accelerating Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle production or modifying the current fielding strategy for the Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle to meet near-term echelon above brigade re-quirements. 
SA 790. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. STEM(MM) JOBS ACTION PLAN. 
(a) A SSESSMENTS AND PLAN OF ACTION .— The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of each military depart-ment, shall — (1) perform an assessment of the STEM(MM) workforce for organizations within the Department of Defense, including the numbers and types of positions and the expectations for losses due to retirements and voluntary departures; (2) identify the types and quantities of STEM(MM) jobs needed to support future mission work; (3) determine the shortfall between lost STEM(MM) personnel and future require-ments; (4) analyze and explain the appropriateness and impact of using reimbursable and work-ing capital fund dollars for new STEM(MM) hires; (5) identify a plan of action to address the STEM(MM) jobs gap, including hiring strate-gies and timelines for replacement of STEM(MM) employees; and (6) submit to Congress, not later than De-cember 31, 2018, a report specifying such plan of action. (b) STEM(MM) DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘STEM(MM)’’ refers to science, technology, engineering, mathematics, maintenance, and manufacturing. 
SA 791. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. GOVERNMENT MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD MATTERS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN THRESHOLD .—Section 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) C
ONVENIENCE CHECKS .—A convenience check may not be used for an amount in ex-cess of one half of the micro-purchase threshold under section 1902(a) of title 41, United States Code, or a lower amount set by the head of the agency. Use of conven-ience checks shall comply with controls pre-scribed in Office of Management and Budget Circular A–123, Appendix B. 
SA 792. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FULL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: (1) A description of the work undertaken and planned to be undertaken by the Depart-ment of Defense, and the military depart-ments, Defense Agencies, and other organiza-tions and elements of the Department, to test and verify transaction data pertinent to obtaining an unqualified audit of their finan-cial statements, including from feeder sys-tems. (2) A projected timeline of the Department in connection with the audit of the full fi-nancial statements of the Department, to be submitted to Congress annually not later than six months after the submittal to Con-gress of the budget of the President for a fis-cal year, including the following: (A) The date on which the Department projects the beginning of an audit of the full financial statements of the Department, and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Department, for a fiscal year. (B) The date on which the Department projects the completions of audits of the full financial statements of the Department, and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Department, for a fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.024 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5008 September 6, 2017 
(C) Beginning with fiscal year 2019, the dates on which the Department expects to obtain an unqualified audit opinion on the full financial statements of the Department, the military departments, the Defense Agen-cies, and other organizations and elements of the Department for a fiscal year. (D) The anticipated total cost of future au-dits as described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). (3) The anticipated annual costs of main-taining an unqualified audit opinion on the full financial statements of the Department, the military departments, the Defense Agen-cies, and other organizations and elements of the Department for a fiscal year after an un-qualified audit opinion on such full financial statements for a fiscal year is first obtained. 
SA 793. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES RECOMMENDA-TIONS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, DEPARTMENT OF STATE, AND UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Concerned that, by avoid-ing full implementation of recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States, agencies are missing opportu-nities to operate more efficiently and effec-tively, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report sum-marizing the assessment of the Comptroller General of each open recommendation made to an agency specified in paragraph (2) that has not been fully implemented. (2) A
GENCIES .—The agencies referred to in this paragraph are as follows: (A) The Department of Defense. (B) The Department of State. (C) The United States Agency for Inter-national Development. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include a detailed descrip-tion of the following: (1) The initial response of the agency con-cerned to each recommendation described in subsection (a)(1) at the time such rec-ommendation was made. (2) The actions taken by the agency con-cerned to implement such recommendation. (3) The rationale provided by the agency concerned for not implementing, or partially implementing, such recommendation. (c) F
ORM.—Any information included in a report under this section shall, to the extent practicable, be submitted in unclassified form, but may be set forth in a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SA 794. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON SIGNIFICANT SECURITY RISKS OF THE NATIONAL ELECTRIC GRID. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in co-ordination with the Director of National In-telligence and the Secretary of Energy, sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) Identification of significant security risks to defense critical electric infrastruc-ture posed by significant malicious cyber-en-abled activities. (2) An assessment of the potential effect of the security risks identified pursuant to paragraph (1) on the readiness of the Armed Forces. (3) An assessment of the strategic benefits derived from, and the challenges associated with, isolating military infrastructure from the national electric grid and the use of microgrids by the Armed Forces. (4) Recommendations on actions to be taken— (A) to eliminate or mitigate the security risks identified pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) to address the effect of those security risks on the readiness of the Armed Forces identified pursuant to paragraph (2). (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘defense critical electric in-frastructure’’— (A) has the meaning given such term in section 215A(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o–1(a)); and (B) shall include any electric infrastruc-ture located in any of the 48 contiguous States or the District of Columbia that serves a facility— (i) designated by the Secretary of Defense as— (I) critical to the defense of the United States; and (II) vulnerable to a disruption of the supply of electric energy provided to such facility by an external provider; and (ii) that is not owned or operated by the owner or operator of such facility. (2) The term ‘‘security risk’’ shall have such meaning as the Secretary of Defense shall determine, in coordination with the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-retary of Energy, for purposes of the report required by subsection (a). (3) The term ‘‘significant malicious cyber- enabled activities’’ include— (A) significant efforts— (i) to deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or destroy an information and communications technology system or network; or (ii) to exfiltrate, degrade, corrupt, destroy, or release information from such a system or network without authorization for purposes of— (I) conducting influence operations; or (II) causing a significant misappropriation of funds, economic resources, trade secrets, personal identifications, or financial infor-mation for commercial or competitive ad-vantage or private financial gain; (B) significant destructive malware at-tacks; and (C) significant denial of service activities. SA 795. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2826. LAND CONVEYANCE, MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE, IDAHO. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may convey to the City of Mountain Home, Idaho (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of ap-proximately 4.25 miles of railroad spur lo-cated near Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, as further described in subsection (c), for the purpose of economic development. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the land conveyed under subsection (a), the City shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the fair market value of the land, as determined by an appraisal approved by the Secretary. The City shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary, whether by cash payment, in-kind consider-ation as described under paragraph (2), or a combination thereof. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the City under para-graph (1) may include the acquisition, con-struction, provision, improvement, mainte-nance, repair, or restoration (including envi-ronmental restoration), or combination thereof, of any facility or infrastructure under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RE -
CEIVED .—Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the sepa-rate fund in the Treasury described in sec-tion 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (1) F
INALIZING LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall finalize a map and the legal de-scription of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a). (2) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force may correct any minor errors in the map or the legal description. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—The map and legal de-scription shall be on file and available for public inspection. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the City to cover all costs (ex-cept costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the City in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.026 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5009 September 6, 2017 
incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) U
SERESERVATION .—The Secretary may reserve a right to temporarily use, for urgent reasons of national defense and at no cost to the United States, all or a portion of the railroad spur conveyed under subsection (a). (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SA 796. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON AIRPORTS USED BY MAHAN AIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— (1) a list of all airports at which aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air have land-ed during the 2 years preceding the submis-sion of the report; and (2) for each such airport— (A) an assessment of whether aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air continue to conduct operations at that airport; (B) an assessment of whether any of the landings of aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air were necessitated by an emer-gency situation; (C) a determination regarding whether ad-ditional security measures should be im-posed on flights to the United States that originate from that airport; and (D) an explanation of the rationale for that determination. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 797. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS SYS-TEM FOR THE COAST GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard oper-ating is authorized to procure an electronic health records system for the Coast Guard that is the same as the electronic health records system of the Department of De-fense. (b) C
OMPETITION IN CONTRACTING .—Procure- ment of an electronic health records system under this section shall be exempt from the competition requirements of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. (c) A
UTHORIZED PROCUREMENT ACTIONS .— The authority of the Secretary to procure an action to procure an electronic health records system under this section includes the following: (1) Authority for task orders under the De-partment of Defense electronic health records contract. (2) Authority for a sole source contract award. (3) Authority for agreements made pursu-ant to sections 1535 and 1536 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Economy Act’’). (4) Any other procurement authority the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-cure, in addition to the electronic health records system, such support services for the system as the Secretary considers appro-priate to ensure the electronic health records system is fully interoperable and in-tegrated with the electronic health records system of the Department of Defense. (2) S
UPPORT SERVICE .—Support services procurable pursuant to this subsection may include services for the following: (A) System integration support. (B) Hosting support. (C) Training, testing, technical, and data migration support. (D) Hardware. (E) Any other support the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) M
ANNER OF PROCUREMENT .—The Sec- retary may procure support services pursu-ant to this subsection using the authorities provided in subsection (c). 
SA 798. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ASSESSMENT OF THE EXPANDING GLOBAL INFLUENCE OF CHINA AND ITS IMPACT ON THE NATIONAL SE-CURITY INTERESTS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract or other agree-ment with an appropriate entity independent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the foreign military and non- military influence of the People’s Republic of China which could affect the regional and global national security and defense inter-ests of the United States. (b) ELEMENTS .—The assessment required by subsection (a) shall include an evaluation of the following: (1) The expansion by China of military and non-military means of influence in the Indo- Asia-Pacific region and globally, including, infrastructure investments, influence cam-paigns, loans, access to military equipment, military training, tourism, media, and ac-cess to foreign ports and military bases, and whether such means of influence could affect United States national security or defense interests, including operational access. (2) The implications, if any, of such means of influence for the military force posture, access, training, and logistics of the United States and China. (3) The United States policy and strategy for mitigating any harmful effects resulting from such means of influence. (4) The resources required to implement the policy and strategy, and the plan to ad-dress and mitigate any gaps in capabilities or resources necessary for the implementa-tion of the policy and strategy. (5) Measures to bolster the roles of allies, partners, and other countries to implement the policy and strategy. (6) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the as-sessment required pursuant to subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report required shall be submitted unclassified form, but may con-tain a classified annex. 
SA 799. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PLAN TO ENHANCE THE EXTENDED DETERRENCE AND ASSURANCE CA-PABILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes that North Korea’s first successful test of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) constitutes a grave and imminent threat to United States security and to the security of United States allies and partners in the Asia-Pacific region. (b) P
LAN.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pacific Command and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to enhance the extended deterrence and as-surance capabilities of the United States in the Asia-Pacific region. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The plan shall include consideration of actions that will enhance United States security by strengthening deterrence of North Korean aggression and providing increased assurance to United States allies in the Asia-Pacific re-gion, including the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.026 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5010 September 6, 2017 
(1) Increased visible presence of key United States military assets, such as missile de-fenses, long-range strike assets, and inter-mediate-range strike assets, to the region that do not violate existing treaties. (2) Increased military cooperation, exer-cises, and integration of defenses with allies in the region. (3) Increased foreign military sales to al-lies in the region. (4) Planning for, exercising, or deploying dual-capable aircraft to the region. (5) Any necessary modifications to the United States nuclear force posture. (6) Such other actions the Secretary con-siders appropriate to strengthen extended de-terrence and assurance in the region. (d) F
ORM.—The plan shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. 
SA 800. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. RECOGNITION OF THE AVIATION CADET MUSEUM IN EUREKA SPRINGS, ARKANSAS, AS THE NA-TIONAL AVIATION CADET MUSEUM OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Aviation Cadet Museum was found-ed in 1994 by former aviation cadet and Air Force First Lieutenant Errol Severe. (2) From 1917 until 1965, the flying cadet and succeeding aviation cadet programs served as the primary production source for nearly 500,000 joint service pilots, navigators, and bombardiers. (3) The bravery, courage, dedication, and heroism of aviators and supporting ground crews from the Army Air Corps and the Army Air Forces were critical factors in de-feating the enemies of the United States dur-ing World War I and World War II. (4) The Aviation Cadet Museum in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, is the only museum in the United States that exists exclusively to preserve and promote an understanding of the role of aviation cadets in the 20th cen-tury. (5) The Aviation Cadet Museum is dedi-cated to— (A) celebrating the spirit of the United States; and (B) recognizing the teamwork, collabora-tion, patriotism, and courage of the men who trained for and fought in, as well as those in-dividuals on the home front who mobilized and supported, the national aviation effort. (b) R
ECOGNITION .—The Senate recognizes the Aviation Cadet Museum in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, as the national aviation cadet museum of the United States. 
SA 801. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. K ING, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROGRAM TO DESIGNATE AND SUP-PORT MANUFACTURING COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Made in America Manufac-turing Communities Act of 2017’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
ANUFACTURING COMMUNITY SUPPORT  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Manufacturing Com-munity Support Program’’ means the pro-gram established under section 3(a). (2) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘par-ticipating agency’’ means a Federal agency that elects to participate in the Manufac-turing Community Support Program. (3) P
ARTICIPATING PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘participating program’’ means a program identified by a participating agency under section 3(c)(1)(C). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (c) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall establish a program to improve the competitiveness of United States manufac-turing— (1) by designating consortiums as manufac-turing communities under subsection (d); and (2) by supporting manufacturing commu-nities, as so designated, under subsection (e). (d) D
ESIGNATION OF MANUFACTURING COM-
MUNITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (7), for purposes of the Manufac-turing Community Support Program, the Secretary shall designate eligible consor-tiums as manufacturing communities through a competitive process. (2) E
LIGIBLE CONSORTIUMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible consortium is a consortium that— (i) represents a region defined by the con-sortium in accordance with subparagraph (B); (ii) includes at least one— (I) institution of higher education; (II) private sector entity; or (III) government entity; (iii) may include one or more— (I) private sector partners; (II) institutions of higher education; (III) government entities; (IV) economic development and other com-munity and labor groups; (V) financial institutions; or (VI) utilities; and (iv) has, as a lead applicant— (I) a district organization (as defined in section 300.3 of title 13, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, or successor regulation); (II) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)) or a consortium of Indian tribes; (III) a State or a political subdivision of a State, including a special purpose unit of a State or local government engaged in eco-nomic or infrastructure development activi-ties, or a consortium of political subdivi-sions; (IV) an institution of higher education or a consortium of institutions of higher edu-cation; or (V) a public or private nonprofit organiza-tion or association that has an application that is supported by a State, a political sub-division of a State, or a native community. (B) R
EGIONS .—Subject to approval by the Secretary, a consortium may define the re-gion that it represents if the region— (i) is large enough to contain critical ele-ments of the key technologies or supply chain prioritized by the consortium; and (ii) is small enough to enable close collabo-ration among members of the consortium. (3) DURATION .—Each designation under paragraph (1) shall be for a period of two years. (4) R
ENEWAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receipt of an appli-cation submitted under subparagraph (B), the Secretary may renew a designation made under paragraph (1) for up to two additional two-year periods. Any designation as a man-ufacturing community or renewal of such designation that is in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act shall count to-ward the limit set forth in this subpara-graph. (B) A
PPLICATION FOR RENEWAL .—An eligible consortium seeking a renewal under subpara-graph (A) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require. (C) M
ODIFICATIONS AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary may renew a designation under sub-paragraph (A) for an eligible consortium that— (i) has changed its composition, either by adding or removing members; or (ii) as part of its application under sub-paragraph (B), submits a revision to the plan submitted under paragraph (5)(B)(iv) or the strategy submitted under paragraph (5)(B)(v). (D) E
VALUATION FOR RENEWAL .—In deter- mining whether to renew a designation of an eligible consortium under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall assess the eligible consor-tium based upon— (i) the performance of the consortium against the terms of the consortium’s most recent designation under paragraph (1) and any post-designation awards the consortium may have received; (ii) the progress the consortium has made with respect to project-specific metrics the consortium proposed in the consortium’s ap-plication for the most recent designation under paragraph (1), particularly with re-spect to those metrics that were designed to help communities track their own progress; (iii) whether any changes to the composi-tion of the eligible consortium or revisions to the plan or strategy described in subpara-graph (C)(ii) would improve the competitive-ness of United States manufacturing; and (iv) such other criteria as the Secretary considers appropriate. (5) A
PPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible consortium seeking a designation under paragraph (1) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-mitted to the Secretary under subparagraph (A) include— (i) a description of the regional boundaries of the consortium; (ii) a description of the manufacturing con-centration of the consortium, including an assessment of how the manufacturing con-centration of the consortium competitively ranks nationally according to measures re-lating to employment, sales, location quotients for an industry’s level of con-centration, or such other measures as the Secretary considers appropriate; (iii) an integrated assessment of the local industrial ecosystem of the region of the consortium, which may include assessment of workforce and training, such as that in-volving women and underrepresented minori-ties, supplier network, research and innova-tion, infrastructure or site development, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.027 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5011 September 6, 2017 
trade and international investment, oper-ational improvements, and capital access components needed for manufacturing ac-tivities in such region; (iv) an evidence-based plan for developing components of such ecosystem (selected by the consortium)— (I) by making specific investments to ad-dress gaps in such ecosystem; and (II) by making the manufacturing of the region of the consortium uniquely competi-tive; (v) a description of the investments the consortium proposes and the implementa-tion strategy the consortium intends to use to address gaps in such ecosystem; (vi) a description of the outcome-based metrics, benchmarks, and milestones that the consortium will track and the evaluation methods the consortium will use while des-ignated as a manufacturing community to gauge performance of the strategy of the consortium to improve the manufacturing in the region of the consortium; and (vii) such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (6) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .—The Sec- retary shall evaluate each application re-ceived under paragraph (5) to determine— (A) whether the applicant demonstrates a significant level of regional cooperation in their proposal; and (B) how the manufacturing concentration of the applicant competitively ranks nation-ally according to measures described in para-graph (5)(B)(ii). (7) C
ERTAIN COMMUNITIES PREVIOUSLY REC -
OGNIZED .—Each consortium that was des-ignated as a manufacturing community by the Secretary in carrying out the Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership initiative of the Department of Commerce before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be deemed a manufacturing community designated under this subsection if such con-sortium is still designated as a manufac-turing community by the Secretary as part of such initiative. (e) S
UPPORT FOR DESIGNATED MANUFAC -
TURING COMMUNITIES .— (1) P
REFERENTIAL CONSIDERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (D), if a member of a consor-tium designated as a manufacturing commu-nity under subsection (d) seeks financial or technical assistance under a participating program of a participating agency, the head of such agency may give preferential consid-eration to such member with respect to the awarding of such financial or technical as-sistance if— (i) such head considers the award of the fi-nancial or technical assistance consistent with the economic development strategy of the consortium; and (ii) the member otherwise meets all appli-cable requirements for the financial or tech-nical assistance. (B) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCIES .—The Sec-retary shall invite other Federal agencies to become participating agencies of the Manu-facturing Community Support Program. (C) P
ARTICIPATING PROGRAMS .—The head of each participating agency shall identify all programs administered by such participating agency that are applicable to the Manufac-turing Community Support Program. (D) M
ULTIPLE MEMBERS OF THE SAME CON -
SORTIUM SEEKING THE SAME FINANCIAL OR  
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If a participating agency receives applications for the same financial or technical assistance from more than one member of the same consortium designated as a manufacturing community under sub-section (d), the head of such agency may de-termine how preference will be given under subparagraph (A), including by requiring the consortium to select which of the members should be given preference. (ii) COORDINATION .—If the head of a partici-pating agency determines that more than one member of a consortium should be given preference for financial or technical assist-ance under subparagraph (A), he or she may require such members to demonstrate co-ordination with each other in developing their applications for the financial or tech-nical assistance. (E) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each participating agency shall sub-mit a report to the Secretary that specifies how the head will give preferential consider-ation under subparagraph (A). (2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may make a Federal point of contact avail-able to each consortium designated as a manufacturing community under subsection (d) to help the members of the consortium access Federal funds and technical assist-ance. (3) F
INANCIAL AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Manufacturing Community Support Program, the head of a participating agency may award financial or technical assistance to a member of a con-sortium designated as a manufacturing com-munity under subsection (d) as he or she con-siders appropriate for purposes of such pro-gram and consistent with the economic de-velopment strategy of the consortium. (B) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A recipient of financial or technical assistance under subparagraph (A) may use such financial or technical assist-ance to support an investment in an eco-system that will improve the competitive-ness of United States manufacturing. (ii) I
NVESTMENTS SUPPORTED .—Investments supported under this subparagraph may in-clude— (I) infrastructure; (II) access to capital; (III) promotion of exports and foreign di-rect investment; (IV) equipment or facility upgrades; (V) workforce training, retraining, or re-cruitment and retention, including that of women and underrepresented minorities; (VI) energy or process efficiency; (VII) business incubators; (VIII) site preparation; (IX) advanced research; (X) supply chain development; and (XI) small business assistance. (4) C
OORDINATION .— (A) C
OORDINATION BY SECRETARY OF COM -
MERCE .—The Secretary shall coordinate with the heads of the participating agencies to identify programs under paragraph (1)(C). (B) I
NTER -AGENCY COORDINATION .—The heads of the participating agencies shall co-ordinate with each other— (i) to leverage complementary activities, including from non-Federal sources, such as philanthropies; and (ii) to avoid duplication of efforts. (f) R
ECEIPT OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept amounts transferred to the Secretary from the head of another participating agency to carry out this sec-tion. 
SA 802. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT THAT MILITARY ACTIONS ARE NOT INFLU-ENCED BY FINANCIAL OR BENE-FICIAL INTERESTS HELD BY THE PRESIDENT. 
The United States Armed Forces may not take any military action in any country in which the President or the President’s close relatives (immediate family, including spouse, children, and sons- and-daughters-in- law) have assets or businesses in which they hold an ownership interest, financial inter-est, or beneficial interest unless the Presi-dent, the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly certify to Congress that the proposed mili-tary action is not influenced in any way by any financial or beneficial interest held by the President. 
SA 803. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EMOLUMENT CLAUSE VIOLATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Article I, section 9, clause 8 of the United States Constitution (commonly known as the ‘‘Emoluments Clause’’) de-clares, ‘‘No title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.’’. (2) According to the remarks of Governor Edmund Randolph at the 1787 Constitutional Convention, the Emoluments Clause ‘‘was thought proper, in order to exclude corrup-tion and foreign influence, to prohibit any one in office from receiving or holding any emoluments from foreign states’’. (3) The issue of foreign corruption greatly concerned the Founding Fathers of the United States, such that Alexander Ham-ilton in Federalist No. 22 wrote, ‘‘In repub-lics, persons elevated from the mass of the community, by the suffrages of their fellow- citizens, to stations of great pre-eminence and power, may find compensations for be-traying their trust, which, to any but minds animated and guided by superior virtue, may appear to exceed the proportion of interest they have in the common stock, and to over-balance the obligations of duty. Hence it is that history furnishes us with so many mor-tifying examples of the prevalency of foreign corruption in republican governments.’’. (4) The President of the United States is the head of the executive branch of the Fed-eral Government and is expected to have un-divided loyalty to the United States, and clearly occupies an ‘‘office of profit or trust’’ within the meaning of article I, section 9, clause 8 of the Constitution, according to the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice. (5) The Office of Legal Counsel of the De-partment of Justice opined in 2009 that cor-porations owned or controlled by a foreign government are presumptively foreign states under the Emoluments Clause. (6) President Donald J. Trump has a busi-ness network, the Trump Organization, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.028 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5012 September 6, 2017 
has financial interests around the world and negotiates and concludes transactions with foreign states and entities that are exten-sions of foreign states. (7) The very nature of a ‘‘blind trust’’, as defined by former White House Ethics Coun-sels Richard Painter and Norm Eisen in an opinion piece in the Washington Post enti-tled, ‘‘Trump’s ‘blind trust’ is neither blind nor trustworthy’’, dated November 15, 2016, and the Congressional Research Service re-port ‘‘The Use of Blind Trusts By Federal Of-ficials’’, is such that the official will have no control over, will receive no communications about, and will have no knowledge of the identity of the specific assets held in the trust, and that the manager of the trust is independent of the owner. (8) On January 11, 2017, President-elect Donald J. Trump and his lawyers held a press conference to announce that he would be placing his assets in a trust and turning over management of the Trump Organization to his two adult sons, Donald Trump, Jr., and Eric Trump, and executive Allen Weisselberg; that there will be no commu-nication with President Trump and no new overseas business deals; that an ethics advi-sor will be appointed to the management team to fully vet any new proposed domestic deals; and that the Trump Organization will donate any profits from any foreign govern-ments that use Trump hotels to the Depart-ment of the Treasury. (9) This arrangement is not sufficient be-cause of its utter lack of independent ac-countability and transparency, such that the director of the Office of Government Ethics has stated that ‘‘[t]he plan the [President] has announced doesn’t meet the standards that the best of his nominees are meeting and that every president in the last four dec-ades have met’’. (10) The director of the Office of Govern-ment Ethics has characterized the promise to limit President Trump’s direct commu-nication about the Trump Organization as ‘‘wholly inadequate’’ because President Trump would still be well-aware of the spe-cific assets held and could receive commu-nications about and take actions to affect the value of those assets, especially when those running the business are his own chil-dren, whom Trump will see often. (11) The promise that no new overseas busi-ness deals will be agreed to by the Trump Or-ganization fails to explain what constitutes a deal, and whether expansions to existing properties, licensing or permitting fee agree-ments, or loans from foreign banks like Deutsche Bank AG would qualify as ‘‘deals’’. (12) The promise that the Trump Organiza-tion will donate profits from any foreign governments that use Trump hotels does not include Trump golf courses and other prop-erties; does not explain whether the promise covers foreign government officials who reg-ister under their own names or third-party vendors hired by foreign governments to do business with the Trump Organization; does not explain whether foreign organizations signing tenant agreements with domestic Trump businesses, such as the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, which is Trump Tower’s biggest tenant, qualifies; does not define what constitutes ‘‘profits’’; does not address the fact that revenue received by a failing business still provides value to that business even if there is no net profit; and has no mechanism for the public to verify that the promise is being fulfilled. (13) President Trump’s lawyer claimed that ‘‘it would be impossible to find an institu-tional trustee that would be competent to run the Trump Organization’’ when there are dozens if not hundreds of highly qualified trustees who handle complicated business situations like the disposition of the Trump Organization. (14) At the January 11, 2017, press con-ference, President-elect Trump’s lawyer im-plied that the only reason people have raised the Emoluments Clause is over ‘‘routine business transactions like paying for hotel rooms’’ and claimed that ‘‘[p]aying for a hotel room is not a gift or a present, and it has nothing to do with an office. It’s not an emolument.’’. (15) A comprehensive study of the Emolu-ments Clause written by Richard Painter, Norman Eisen, and Lawrence Tribe, two of whom are former ethics counsels to past Presidents, has concluded that ‘‘since emolu-ments are properly defined as including ‘profit’ from any employment, as well as ‘salary,’ it is clear that even remuneration fairly earned in commerce can qualify’’. (16) Numerous legal and constitutional ex-perts, including several former White House ethics counsels, have also made clear that the arrangement announced on January 11, 2017, in which the President fails to exit the ownership of his businesses through use of a blind trust or equivalent, will leave the President with a personal financial interest in businesses that collect foreign govern-ment payments and benefits, which raises both constitutional and public interest con-cerns. (17) Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, William J. Clinton, and George W. Bush have set the precedent of using true blind trusts, in which their holdings were liquidated and placed in new investments un-known to them by an independent trustee who managed them free of familial bias. (18) The continued intermingling of the business of the Trump Organization and the work of government has the potential to constitute the foreign corruption so feared by the Founding Fathers and to betray the trust of America’s citizens. (19) On January 20, 2017, President Trump swore an oath to preserve, protect, and de-fend the Constitution of the United States, the rights, privileges and limitations of which are defined and guarded by the Fed-eral judiciary of the United States. (20) Congress has an institutional, con-stitutional obligation to ensure that the President of the United States does not vio-late the Emoluments Clause of the Constitu-tion, Federal law, or fundamental principles of ethics, and is discharging the obligations of office based on the national interest, not based on personal interest. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) finds the promised actions outlined by President Donald J. Trump at his January 11, 2017, press conference wholly inadequate and insufficient to ensure compliance with the Emoluments Clause of the United States Constitution; (2) calls upon President Trump to follow the precedent established by prior Presidents and convert his assets to simple, conflict- free holdings, adopt blind trusts managed by an independent trustee with no relationship to Donald J. Trump or his businesses, or take other equivalent measures; (3) calls upon President Trump not to use the powers or opportunities of his position as President of the United States for any pur-pose related to the Trump Organization; and (4) regards, in the absence of express af-firmative authorization by Congress, deal-ings that Donald J. Trump, as President of the United States, may have through his companies with foreign governments or enti-ties owned or controlled by foreign govern-ments as potential violations of the Emolu-ments Clause. 
SA 804. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: In section 1651(c), strike paragraph (2). 
SA 805. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 85, between lines 23 and 24, insert the following: ‘‘(7)(A) The base commander of a military installation impacted by a proposed wind turbine project shall submit to the Clearing-house a statement of objection or non-objec-tion regarding the impact of proposed project. ‘‘(B) The statement shall include the fol-lowing elements: ‘‘(i) An analysis of the impact on pilot safety, training, military operations, and readiness. ‘‘(ii) A detailed description of any poten-tial negative impacts on pilot safety, train-ing, military operations, and readiness. ‘‘(iii) Any additional information the base commander determines relevant for consid-eration in the evaluation process. ‘‘(iv) A statement of objection or non-ob-jection. ‘‘(C) The base commander’s recommenda-tion shall be incorporated into the Clearing-house analysis and made a matter of perma-nent record. ‘‘(D) Any decision by the Clearinghouse that contradicts the base commander rec-ommendation shall be accompanied by a re-port addressing all the points made in the base commander’s statement, and describe how the impacts on pilot safety, training, military operations, and readiness will be prevented.’’. 
SA 806. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2803. ANNUAL LOCALITY ADJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR THRESHOLDS APPLICABLE TO UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR LIMITATIONS  
FOR LOCATION .—Each fiscal year, the Sec-retary concerned shall adjust the dollar limi-tations specified in this section applicable to an unspecified minor military construction project inside the United States to reflect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.030 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5013 September 6, 2017 
the area construction cost index for military construction projects published by the De-partment of Defense during the prior fiscal year for the location of the project.’’. 
SA 807. Mr. GARDNER (for Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 920, to establish a National Clin-ical Care Commission; as follows: 
On page 5, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 5, line 20, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. On page 5, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: (5) whether there are opportunities for con-solidation of inappropriately overlapping or duplicative Federal programs related to the diseases and complications described in sub-section (a). 
SA 809. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 808 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic edu-cation and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 1 day after en-actment.’’ 
SA 808. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 601, to en-hance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better en-able such countries to achieve uni-versal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by House amendment ll, insert the following: (C) there is the greatest opportunity to re-duce childhood and adolescence exposure to or engagement in violent extremism or ex-tremist ideologies. DIVISION B—SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIA-TIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF REQUIRE-MENTS The following sums are hereby appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of appli-cable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agen-cies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes, namely: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,400,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount designated under this heading as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subse-quently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION DISASTER LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Disaster Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of di-rect loans authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $450,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That up to $225,000,000 may be transferred to and merged with ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the dis-aster loan program authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used for indirect admin-istrative expenses: Provided further, That the amount provided under this heading is des-ignated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount designated under this heading as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subse-quently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Community Development Fund’’, $7,400,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary ex-penses for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) related to disaster relief, long-term recovery, restora-tion of infrastructure and housing, and eco-nomic revitalization in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major disaster declared in 2017 pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That funds shall be awarded di-rectly to the State or unit of general local government at the discretion of the Sec-retary: Provided further, That as a condition of making any grant, the Secretary shall certify in advance that such grantee has in place proficient financial controls and pro-curement processes and has established ade-quate procedures to prevent any duplication of benefits as defined by section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155), to en-sure timely expenditure of funds, to main-tain comprehensive websites regarding all disaster recovery activities assisted with these funds, and to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds: Provided further, That prior to the obligation of funds a grant-ee shall submit a plan to the Secretary for approval detailing the proposed use of all funds, including criteria for eligibility and how the use of these funds will address long- term recovery and restoration of infrastruc-ture and housing and economic revitaliza-tion in the most impacted and distressed areas: Provided further, That such funds may not be used for activities reimbursable by, or for which funds are made available by, the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Army Corps of Engineers: Provided fur-ther, That funds allocated under this heading shall not be considered relevant to the non- disaster formula allocations made pursuant to section 106 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306): Pro- vided further, That a State or subdivision thereof may use up to 5 percent of its alloca-tion for administrative costs: Provided fur-ther, That in administering the funds under this heading, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for, any provision of any statute or regulation that the Sec-retary administers in connection with the obligation by the Secretary or the use by the recipient of these funds (except for require-ments related to fair housing, non-discrimination, labor standards, and the en-vironment), if the Secretary finds that good cause exists for the waiver or alternative re-quirement and such waiver or alternative re-quirement would not be inconsistent with the overall purpose of title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the preceding proviso, recipients of funds pro-vided under this heading that use such funds to supplement Federal assistance provided under section 402, 403, 404, 406, 407, or 502 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) may adopt, without review or public comment, any environmental review, ap-proval, or permit performed by a Federal agency, and such adoption shall satisfy the responsibilities of the recipient with respect to such environmental review, approval or permit: Provided further, That, notwith-standing section 104(g)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5304(g)(2)), the Secretary may, upon receipt of a request for release of funds and certification, immediately approve the re-lease of funds for an activity or project as-sisted under this heading if the recipient has adopted an environmental review, approval or permit under the preceding proviso or the activity or project is categorically excluded from review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.): Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish via notice in the Federal Reg-ister any waiver, or alternative requirement, to any statute or regulation that the Sec-retary administers pursuant to title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 no later than 5 days before the effective date of such waiver or alternative require-ment: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $10,000,000 may be transferred, in aggregate, to ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment—Program Office Salaries and Ex-penses—Community Planning and Develop-ment’’ for necessary costs, including infor-mation technology costs, of administering and overseeing the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount designated under this head-ing as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the Presi-dent subsequently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Supple-mental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements, 2017’’. DIVISION C—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT S
EC. 101. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall not apply for the period beginning on the date of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.030 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5014 September 6, 2017 
enactment of this Act and ending on Decem-ber 8, 2017. (b) S
PECIAL RULERELATING TO OBLIGATIONS  I
SSUED DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—Effective on December 9, 2017, the limitation in effect under section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall be increased to the extent that— (1) the face amount of obligations issued under chapter 31 of such title and the face amount of obligations whose principal and interest are guaranteed by the United States Government (except guaranteed obligations held by the Secretary of the Treasury) out-standing on December 9, 2017, exceeds (2) the face amount of such obligations outstanding on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
ESTORING CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORITY  O
VER THE NATIONAL DEBT. (1) E XTENSION LIM -
ITED TO NECESSARY OBLIGATIONS .—An obliga-tion shall not be taken into account under section 101(a) unless the issuance of such ob-ligation was necessary to fund a commit-ment incurred pursuant to law by the Fed-eral Government that required payment be-fore December 9, 2017. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON CREATION OF CASH RE -
SERVE DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury shall not issue obliga-tions during the period specified in section 101(a) for the purpose of increasing the cash balance above normal operating balances in anticipation of the expiration of such period. DIVISION D—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are hereby appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of appli-cable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agen-cies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, namely: S
EC. 101. (a) Such amounts as may be nec-essary, at a rate for operations as provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fis-cal year 2017 and under the authority and conditions provided in such Acts, for con-tinuing projects or activities (including the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees) that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Act, that were conducted in fiscal year 2017, and for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were made avail-able in the following appropriations Acts: (1) The Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division A of Public Law 115–31) and section 193 of Pub-lic Law 114–223, as amended by division A of Public Law 114–254. (2) The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 115–31), except sec-tion 540. (3) The Department of Defense Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division C of Public Law 115– 31). (4) The Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division D of Public Law 115–31). (5) The Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017 (divi-sion E of Public Law 115–31). (6) The Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31), except section 310. (7) The Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division G of Public Law 115– 31), except that the language under the head-ing ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ in the Departments of Agriculture and the Interior shall be applied by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Provided further, That notwithstanding the first proviso under the heading and notwithstanding the FLAME Act of 2009, 43 U.S.C. 1748a(e), such funds shall be available to be transferred to and merged with other appropriations accounts to fully repay amounts previously trans-ferred for wildfire suppression’’. (8) The Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division H of Public Law 115–31) and sections 171, 194, and 195 of Public Law 114–223, as amended by division A of Public Law 114–254. (9) The Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017 (division I of Public Law 115–31) and section 175 of Public Law 114–223, as amended by division A of Public Law 114–254. (10) The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division A of Public Law 114–223), except for appropriations for fiscal year 2017 in the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and division L of Public Law 115–31. (11) The Department of State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115– 31). (12) The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division K of Pub-lic Law 115–31), except sections 420 and 421. (13) The Security Assistance Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 114– 254). (b) The rate for operations provided by sub-section (a) is hereby reduced by 0.6791 per-cent. SEC. 102. (a) No appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursu-ant to section 101 for the Department of De-fense shall be used for: (1) the new produc-tion of items not funded for production in fiscal year 2017 or prior years; (2) the in-crease in production rates above those sus-tained with fiscal year 2017 funds; or (3) the initiation, resumption, or continuation of any project, activity, operation, or organiza-tion (defined as any project, subproject, ac-tivity, budget activity, program element, and subprogram within a program element, and for any investment items defined as a P– 1 line item in a budget activity within an ap-propriation account and an R–1 line item that includes a program element and subpro-gram element within an appropriation ac-count) for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2017. (b) No appropriation or funds made avail-able or authority granted pursuant to sec-tion 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used to initiate multi-year procurements utilizing advance procurement funding for economic order quantity procurement unless specifically appropriated later. S
EC. 103. Appropriations made by section 101 shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by the perti-nent appropriations Act. S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in section 102, no appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to section 101 shall be used to initiate or re-sume any project or activity for which ap-propriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 105. Appropriations made and author-ity granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this Act. S
EC. 106. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2018, appropriations and funds made available and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) the enactment into law of an appropria-tion for any project or activity provided for in this Act; (2) the enactment into law of the applica-ble appropriations Act for fiscal year 2018 without any provision for such project or ac-tivity; or (3) December 8, 2017. SEC. 107. Expenditures made pursuant to this Act shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization when-ever a bill in which such applicable appro-priation, fund, or authorization is contained is enacted into law. S
EC. 108. Appropriations made and funds made available by or authority granted pur-suant to this Act may be used without re-gard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this Act may be construed to waive any other provision of law governing the apportionment of funds. S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, except section 106, for those programs that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or complete dis-tribution of appropriations at the beginning of fiscal year 2018 because of distributions of funding to States, foreign countries, grant-ees, or others, such high initial rates of oper-ation or complete distribution shall not be made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding prerogatives. S
EC. 110. This Act shall be implemented so that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the Act shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and activities. S
EC. 111. (a) For entitlements and other mandatory payments whose budget author-ity was provided in appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2017, and for activities under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law, under the authority and conditions provided in the ap-plicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017, to be continued through the date speci-fied in section 106(3). (b) Notwithstanding section 106, obliga-tions for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after October 2017 but not later than 30 days after the date specified in section 106(3) may continue to be made, and funds shall be available for such payments. S
EC. 112. Amounts made available under section 101 for civilian personnel compensa-tion and benefits in each department and agency may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid furloughs within such department or agency, con-sistent with the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017, except that such au-thority provided under this section shall not be used until after the department or agency has taken all necessary actions to reduce or defer non-personnel-related administrative expenses. S
EC. 113. Funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated and expended notwith-standing section 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). S
EC. 114. (a) Each amount incorporated by reference in this Act that was previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism or as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.031 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5015 September 6, 2017 
of 1985 or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of such Act or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act, respectively. (b) The reduction in section 101(b) of this Act shall not apply to— (1) amounts designated under subsection (a) of this section; (2) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the second paragraph under the heading ‘‘Social Security Adminis-tration—Limitation on Administrative Ex-penses’’ in division H of Public Law 115–31; or (3) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the paragraph under the heading ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services—Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Account’’ in division H of Public Law 115–31. (c) Section 6 of Public Law 115–31 shall apply to amounts designated in subsection (a) for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement. S
EC. 115. During the period covered by this Act, discretionary amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2018 that were provided in ad-vance by appropriations Acts shall be avail-able in the amounts provided in such Acts, reduced by the percentage in section 101(b). S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Domestic Food Programs— Food and Nutrition Service—Commodity As-sistance Program’’ at a rate for operations of $317,139,000, of which $238,120,000 shall be for the Commodity Supplemental Food Pro-gram. S
EC. 117. The final proviso in section 715 of division A of Public Law 115–31 shall be ap-plied during the period covered by this Act by adding ‘‘from amounts first made avail-able for fiscal year 2018’’ after ‘‘unobligated balances’’ and as if the following were struck from such proviso: ‘‘the carryover amounts authorized in the first proviso of this section for section 32 and’’. S
EC. 118. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Commerce—Bu-reau of the Census—Periodic Censuses and Programs’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the schedule and deliver the required data according to statutory deadlines in the 2020 Decennial Census Program. S
EC. 119. Section 1215(f)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1223 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2018’’ for ‘‘2017’’ through the earlier of the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense. S
EC. 120. (a) Funds made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Uranium Enrichment Decon-tamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to avoid disruption of con-tinuing projects or activities funded in this appropriation. (b) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 3 days after each use of the au-thority provided in subsection (a). S
EC. 121. Section 104(c) of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2214(c)) shall be applied by sub-stituting the date specified in section 106(3) for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. SEC. 122. (a) Notwithstanding section 101, the third proviso under the heading ‘‘Power Marketing Administrations—Operation and Maintenance, Southeastern Power Adminis-tration’’ in division D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$51,000,000’’ for ‘‘$60,760,000’’. (b) Notwithstanding section 101, the third proviso under the heading ‘‘Power Marketing Administrations—Operation and Mainte-nance, Southwestern Power Administration’’ in division D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$10,000,000’’ for ‘‘$73,000,000’’. (c) Notwithstanding section 101, the third proviso under the heading ‘‘Power Marketing Administrations—Construction, Rehabilita-tion, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area Power Administration’’ in division D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘‘$179,000,000’’ for ‘‘$367,009,000’’. S
EC. 123. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, except section 106, the Dis-trict of Columbia may expend local funds under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such programs and activities under the District of Columbia Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (title IV of division E of Pub-lic Law 115–31) at the rate set forth under ‘‘Part A—Summary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2018 Local Budget Act of 2017 (D.C. Act 22–99), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. (a) Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘General Services Administration—Allowances and Office Staff for Former Presidents’’ to carry out the pro-visions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), at a rate for operations of $4,754,000. (b) Notwithstanding section 101, no funds are provided by this Act for ‘‘General Serv-ices Administration—Expenses, Presidential Transition’’ and ‘‘Executive Office of the President and Funds Appropriated to the President—Presidential Transition Adminis-trative Support’’. (c) Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia—Federal Payment for Emergency Planning and Security Costs in the District of Columbia’’ in division E of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘‘$14,900,000’’ for ‘‘$34,895,000’’ and the first proviso under that heading shall not apply during the period covered by this Act. (d) Notwithstanding section 101, the mat-ter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘National Archives and Records Ad-ministration—Operating Expenses’’ in divi-sion E of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$375,784,000’’ for ‘‘$380,634,000’’. (e) Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of the Interior—National Park Service—Operation of the National Park System’’ in division G of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$2,420,818,000’’ for ‘‘$2,425,018,000’’. S
EC. 125. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity—Office of the Secretary and Executive Management—Operations and Support’’, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security—Man-agement Directorate—Operations and Sup-port’’, and ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity—Intelligence, Analysis, and Operations Coordination—Operations and Support’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to carry out activities previously funded under ‘‘Department of Homeland Se-curity—Working Capital Fund’’, consistent with the fiscal year 2018 President’s Budget. S
EC. 126. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection—Operations and Support’’, ‘‘U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement—Oper-ations and Support’’, ‘‘Transportation Secu-rity Administration—Operations and Sup-port’’, and ‘‘United States Secret Service— Operations and Support’’ accounts of the De-partment of Homeland Security may be ap-portioned at a rate for operations necessary to maintain not less than the number of staff achieved on September 30, 2017. SEC. 127. The authority provided by section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. S
EC. 128. Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 281; 124 Stat. 2950), as amended, shall be ap-plied in subsection (b) by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 129. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity—Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy—Disaster Relief Fund’’ may be appor-tioned up to the rate for operations nec-essary to carry out response and recovery ac-tivities under the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). S
EC. 130. Sections 1309(a) and 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a) and 4026) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 131. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. S
EC. 132. The authority provided by sub-section (m)(3) of section 8162 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. S
EC. 133. In addition to the amounts other-wise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘Environmental Pro-tection Agency—Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Program Account’’ for administrative expenses to carry out the di-rect and guaranteed loan programs, notwith-standing section 5033 of the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, at a rate for operations of $3,000,000. S
EC. 134. (a) The following sections of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution— (1) subparagraphs (C) through (E) of sec-tion 4(i)(1) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(C)–(E)); (2) section 4(k)(3) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)(3)); (3) section 4(k)(4) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)(4)); and (4) section 33(c)(3)(B) (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(c)(3)(B)). (b)(1) Section 4(i)(1)(I) of the Federal Insec-ticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(I)) shall be applied by sub-stituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (2) Notwithstanding section 33(m)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(m)(2)), sec-tion 33(m)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(m)(1)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (c) Section 408(m)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 346a(m)(3)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolu-tion for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 135. Section 114(f) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.031 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5016 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 136. The second proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Administration for Children and Families—Children and Families Services Programs’’ in title II of division H of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied during the period covered by this Act as if the following were struck from such proviso: ‘‘, of which $80,000,000 shall be available for a cost of liv-ing adjustment notwithstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act’’. S
EC. 137. The proviso at the end of para-graph (1) under the heading ‘‘Department of Labor—Employment and Training Adminis-tration—State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’ in title I of division G of Public Law 113–235 shall be applied through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act by substituting ‘‘seven’’ for ‘‘six’’. S
EC. 138. In making Federal financial as-sistance, the National Institutes of Health shall continue through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act to apply the provi-sions relating to indirect costs in part 75 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, includ-ing with respect to the approval of devi-ations from negotiated rates, to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as the National Institutes of Health applied such provisions in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to develop or implement a modified ap-proach to such provisions, or to inten-tionally or substantially expand the fiscal effect of the approval of such deviations from negotiated rates beyond the propor-tional effect of such approvals in such quar-ter. S
EC. 139. (a) Section 529 of division H of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘‘prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2)’’ for ‘‘from the appropriation to the Fund for the first semiannual allotment period for fiscal year 2017 under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(ii)’’; and (b) section 532 of division H of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2,652,000,000’’ for ‘‘1,132,000,000’’. S
EC. 140. Notwithstanding 2 U.S.C. 4577, amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Legislative Branch—Senate—Salaries, Offi-cers and Employees—Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper’’ may be appor-tioned up to the rate for operations nec-essary to maintain current Senate cyberse-curity capabilities. S
EC. 141. (a) The remaining unobligated balances of funds made available under the heading ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs— Departmental Administration—Construc-tion, Major Projects’’ in division A of the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act of 2013 and Sandy Recovery Improvement Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–2) are hereby rescinded: Provided, That the amounts rescinded pursu-ant to this section that were previously des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to that section of that Act. (b) In addition to the amount otherwise provided by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administra-tion—Construction, Major Projects’’, there is appropriated for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until September 30, 2022, an amount equal to the unobligated balances rescinded pursuant to subsection (a), for renovations and repairs as a consequence of damage caused by Hurri-cane Sandy: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, such funds may be obligated and expended to carry out plan-ning and design and major medical facility construction not otherwise authorized by law: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (c) Each amount designated in this section by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or re-scinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Con-gress. (d) This section shall become effective im-mediately upon enactment of this Act. SEC. 142. Sections 579(a)(1) and (b) of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) for ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2018’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leader. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Sep-tember 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building, to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Addressing the Risk of Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in the Federal Communications Commission’s Lifeline Program.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, September 6, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to consider favorably reporting pending nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Sep-tember 6, 2017 at 10:30., to hold a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Priorities and Challenges in the U.S.-Turkey Relationship.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet, during the session of the Senate, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Stablizing Premiums and Helping Individuals in the Individual Insurance Market for 2018: State Insur-ance Commissioners’’ on Wednesday, September 6, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, September 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. in order to conduct a hearing titled ‘‘The History and Cur-rent Reality of the U.S. Health Care System.’’ COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on September 6, 2017 at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S.J. RES. 49 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I un-derstand there is a joint resolution at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the joint resolution by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 49) con-demning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events be-tween August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Char-lottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first re-sponders who lost their lives while moni-toring the events, offering deepest condo-lences to the families and friends of those in-dividuals who were killed and deepest sym-pathies and support to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing sup-port for the Charlottesville community, re-jecting White nationalists, White suprema-cists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The joint resolution will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 23, submitted ear-lier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 23) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Filipino Veterans of World War II. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.031 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5017 September 6, 2017 
made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 23) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE TO UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES PROVIDED BY MILITARY WORK-ING DOGS AND CONTRACT WORK-ING DOGS Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 160 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 160) honoring the service to United States Armed Forces pro-vided by military working dogs and contract working dogs, also known as ‘‘war dogs.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 160) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of May 9, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EARLY HEARING DETECTION AND INTERVENTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 44, S. 652. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 652) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment re-garding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM FOR EARLY DETECTION, DIAGNOSIS, AND TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARD-OF-HEARING NEWBORNS, IN-FANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN. 
(a) S ECTION HEADING .—The section heading of section 399M of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 399M. EARLY DETECTION, DIAGNOSIS, AND TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARD-OF-HEARING NEWBORNS, IN-FANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN.’’. 
(b) S TATEWIDE SYSTEMS .—Section 399M(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g– 1(a)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
EWBORN AND INFANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘N EW-
BORN , INFANT , ANDYOUNG CHILD’’; (2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘newborn and infant’’ and in-serting ‘‘newborn, infant, and young child’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘providers,’’ and inserting ‘‘providers (including, as appropriate, education and training of family members),’’; (3) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘newborns and infants’’ and inserting ‘‘newborns, infants, and young chil-dren (referred to in this section as ‘children’)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and medical’’ and all that fol-lows through the period and inserting ‘‘medical, and communication (or language acquisition) interventions (including family support), for children identified as deaf or hard-of-hearing, consistent with the following:’’; (B) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘Early’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Early’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘and delivery of’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, and delivery of,’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘by schools’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘programs mandated’’ and insert-ing ‘‘by organizations such as schools and agen-cies (including community, consumer, and fam-ily-based agencies), in health care settings (in-cluding medical homes for children), and in pro-grams mandated’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘hard of hearing’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘hard- of-hearing children.’’; and (C) by striking the last sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) Information provided to families should be accurate, comprehensive, up-to-date, and evi-dence-based, as appropriate, to allow families to make important decisions for their children in a timely manner, including decisions with respect to the full range of assistive hearing tech-nologies and communications modalities, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(C) Programs and systems under this para-graph shall offer mechanisms that foster family- to-family and deaf and hard-of-hearing con-sumer-to-family supports.’’; (4) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘To collect’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting ‘‘To continue to provide technical sup-port to States, through one or more technical re-source centers, to assist in further developing and enhancing State early hearing detection and intervention programs.’’; and (5) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) To identify or develop efficient models (educational and medical) to ensure that chil-dren who are identified as deaf or hard-of-hear-ing through screening receive follow-up by qualified early intervention providers or quali-fied health care providers (including those at medical homes for children), and referrals, as appropriate, including to early intervention services under part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. State agencies shall be encouraged to effectively increase the rate of such follow-up and referral.’’. (c) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , DATA MANAGE -
MENT , AND APPLIED RESEARCH .—Section 399M(b)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (B) by striking ‘‘to complement an intramural program and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘or designated entities of States— ‘‘(i) to develop, maintain, and improve data collection systems related to newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, evaluation (including audiologic, medical, and language acquisition evaluations), diagnosis, and inter-vention services;’’; (C) by striking ‘‘to conduct’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) to conduct’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘newborn’’ and all that fol-lows through the period and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, evaluation, and intervention programs and outcomes; ‘‘(iii) to ensure quality monitoring of hearing screening, evaluation, and intervention pro-grams and systems for newborns, infants, and young children; and ‘‘(iv) to support newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, evaluation, and inter-vention programs, and information systems.’’; (2) in the second sentence— (A) by striking the matter that precedes sub-paragraph (A) and all that follows through sub-paragraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) U
SE OF AWARDS .—The awards made under subparagraph (A) may be used— ‘‘(i) to provide technical assistance on data collection and management, including to coordi-nate and develop standardized procedures for data management; ‘‘(ii) to assess and report on the cost and pro-gram effectiveness of newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, evaluation, and intervention programs and systems; ‘‘(iii) to collect data and report on newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, eval-uation, diagnosis, and intervention programs and systems for applied research, program eval-uation, and policy improvement;’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F) as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), respec-tively, and aligning the margins of those clauses with the margins of clause (i) of subparagraph (B) (as inserted by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph); (C) in clause (v) (as redesignated by subpara-graph (B) of this paragraph)— (i) by striking ‘‘newborn and infant’’ and in-serting ‘‘newborn, infant, and young child’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘language status’’ and insert-ing ‘‘hearing status’’; and (D) in clause (vi) (as redesignated by subpara-graph (B) of this paragraph)— (i) by striking ‘‘sharing’’ and inserting ‘‘inte-gration and interoperability’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘with State-based’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘across multiple sources to increase the flow of information between clinical care and public health settings, including the ability of States and territories to exchange and share data.’’. (d) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION .—Sec- tion 399M(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘consult with’’ and inserting ‘‘consult with—’’; (B) by striking ‘‘other Federal’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) other Federal’’; (C) by striking ‘‘State and local agencies, in-cluding those’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) State and local agencies, including agen-cies’’; (D) by striking ‘‘consumer groups of and that serve’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.051 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5018 September 6, 2017 
‘‘(C) consumer groups of, and that serve,’’; (E) by striking ‘‘appropriate national’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) appropriate national’’; (F) by striking ‘‘persons who are deaf and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) individuals who are deaf or’’; (G) by striking ‘‘other qualified’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(F) other qualified’’; (H) by striking ‘‘newborns, infants, toddlers, children,’’ and inserting ‘‘children,’’; (I) by striking ‘‘third-party’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(G) third-party’’; and (J) by striking ‘‘related commercial’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(H) related commercial’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘States to establish newborn and infant’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘States— ‘‘(A) to establish newborn, infant, and young child’’; (B) by inserting a semicolon after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘to develop’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) to develop’’. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ; RELIGIOUS AC-
COMMODATION .—Section 399M(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘which’’ and inserting ‘‘that’’; (2) by striking ‘‘newborn infants or young’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘parents’’’ and inserting ‘‘par-ent’s’’. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 399M(e) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to procedures’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The term ‘audiologic’, when used in con-nection with evaluation, means procedures—’’; (B) by striking ‘‘to assess’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) to assess’’; (C) by striking ‘‘to establish’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) to establish’’; (D) by striking ‘‘auditory disorder;’’ and in-serting ‘‘auditory disorder,’’; (E) by striking ‘‘to identify’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) to identify’’; (F) by striking ‘‘options.’’ and all that follows through ‘‘linkage’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘options, including— ‘‘(i) linkage’’; (G) by striking ‘‘appropriate agencies,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘national’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘appropriate agencies; ‘‘(ii) medical evaluation; ‘‘(iii) assessment for the full range of assistive hearing technologies appropriate for newborns, infants, and young children; ‘‘(iv) audiologic rehabilitation treatment; and ‘‘(v) referral to national’’; and (H) by striking ‘‘parent, and education’’ and inserting ‘‘parent, family, and education’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (5); (4) in paragraph (2) (as redesignated by para-graph (3) of this subsection)— (A) by striking ‘‘refers to providing’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘means— ‘‘(A) providing’’; (B) by striking ‘‘with hearing loss, including nonmedical services,’’ and inserting ‘‘who is deaf or hard-of-hearing, including nonmedical services;’’; (C) by striking ‘‘ensuring that families of the child are provided’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) ensuring that the family of the child is— ‘‘(i) provided’’; (D) by striking ‘‘language and communication options and are given’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘language acquisition in oral and vis-ual modalities; and ‘‘(ii) given’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘their child’’ and inserting ‘‘the child’’; (5) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by para-graph (3) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘(3)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘decision making’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘medical evaluation’ means key components performed by a physi-cian including history, examination, and med-ical decisionmaking’’; (6) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by para-graph (3) of this subsection)— (A) by striking ‘‘refers to’’ and inserting ‘‘means’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and/or surgical’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or surgical’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘of hearing’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘disorder’’ and inserting ‘‘for hearing loss or other medical disorders’’; and (7) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by para-graph (3) of this subsection)— (A) by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘refers to’’ and inserting ‘‘(5) The term ‘newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening’ means’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and infants’’ and inserting ‘‘, infants, and young children under 3 years of age’’. (g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 399M(f) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting ‘‘$17,818,000 for fiscal year 2018, $18,173,800 for fiscal year 2019, $18,628,145 for fiscal year 2020, $19,056,592 for fiscal year 2021, and $19,522,758 for fiscal year 2022.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting ‘‘$10,800,000 for fiscal year 2018, $11,026,800 for fiscal year 2019, $11,302,470 for fiscal year 2020, $11,562,427 for fiscal year 2021, and $11,851,488 for fiscal year 2022.’’. 
Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 652), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
STRENGTHENING MOSQUITO ABATEMENT FOR SAFETY AND HEALTH ACT Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 45, S. 849. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 849) to support programs for mos-quito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Mosquito Abatement for Safety and Health Act’’ or the ‘‘SMASH Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF MOSQUITO ABATE-MENT FOR SAFETY AND HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Section 317S of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–21) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘including programs to ad-dress emerging infectious mosquito-borne dis-eases,’’ after ‘‘control programs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or improving existing control programs’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including improvement,’’ after ‘‘operation’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in clause (iii), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘, including an emerging infectious mosquito-borne disease that presents a serious public health threat; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) a public health emergency due to the in-cidence or prevalence of a mosquito-borne dis-ease that presents a serious public health threat.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or that demonstrates to the Secretary that the control program is consistent with existing State mos-quito control plans or policies, or other applica-ble State preparedness plans’’ before the period at the end; (C) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘that ex-traordinary’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘that— ‘‘(i) extraordinary economic conditions in the political subdivision or consortium of political subdivisions involved justify the waiver; or ‘‘(ii) the geographical area covered by a polit-ical subdivision or consortium for a grant under paragraph (1) has an extreme mosquito control need due to— ‘‘(I) the size or density of the potentially im-pacted human population; ‘‘(II) the size or density of a mosquito popu-lation that requires heightened control; or ‘‘(III) the severity of the mosquito-borne dis-ease, such that expected serious adverse health outcomes for the human population justify the waiver.’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(6) N
UMBER OF GRANTS .—A political subdivi-sion or a consortium of political subdivisions may not receive more than one grant under paragraph (1).’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2003, and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2004 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘other medical and public health preparedness and re-sponse laws’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2004’’ and in- serting ‘‘
2018’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2004’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 3. EPIDEMIOLOGY-LABORATORY CAPACITY GRANTS. 
Section 2821 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–31) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing mosquito and other vector-borne diseases,’’ after ‘‘infectious diseases’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2010 through 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.005 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5019 September 6, 2017 
SEC. 4. GAO STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the state of surveillance and control of mosquito-borne infectious diseases in the United States and ter-ritories, including the state of preparedness for conducting such surveillance and control. The study shall include— (1) a description of the infrastructure and pro-grams for mosquito control in the United States, including— (A) how such infrastructure and programs are organized and implemented at the Federal, State and local levels, including with respect to de-partments and agencies of the States, and local organizations (including special districts) in-volved in such control programs; (B) the role of the private sector in such ac-tivities; (C) how the authority for mosquito control im-pacts such activities; and (D) the resources for such infrastructure and programs, including Federal, State, and local funding sources; (2) how mosquito and other vector-borne dis-ease surveillance and control is integrated into Federal, State, and local preparedness plans and actions, including how zoonotic surveil-lance is integrated into infectious disease sur-veillance to support real-time situational sur-veillance and awareness; (3) Federal, State, and local laboratory capac-ity for emerging vector-borne diseases, including mosquito-borne and other zoonotic diseases; and (4) any regulatory challenges for developing and utilizing vector-control technologies and platforms as part of mosquito control strategies. (b) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with— (1) State and local public health officials in-volved in mosquito and other vector-borne dis-ease surveillance and control efforts; (2) researchers and manufacturers of mosquito control products; (3) stakeholders involved in mosquito abate-ment activities; (4) infectious disease experts; and (5) entomologists involved in mosquito-borne disease surveillance and control efforts. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report containing the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) and relevant recommendations for Zika virus and other mosquito-borne diseases preparedness and response efforts. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be considered and agreed to, and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 849), as amended, was passed. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
NATIONAL CLINICAL CARE COMMISSION ACT Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 47, S. 920. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 920) to establish a National Clin-ical Care Commission. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the Shaheen amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 807) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 5, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 5, line 20, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. On page 5, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: (5) whether there are opportunities for con-solidation of inappropriately overlapping or duplicative Federal programs related to the diseases and complications described in sub-section (a). 
The bill (S. 920), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 920 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Clinical Care Commission Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CLINICAL CARE COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-tablished, within the Department of Health and Human Services, a National Clinical Care Commission (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’) to evaluate and make recommendations regarding improvements to the coordination and leveraging of pro-grams within the Department and other Fed-eral agencies related to awareness and clin-ical care for at least one, but not more than two, complex metabolic or autoimmune dis-eases resulting from issues related to insulin that represent a significant disease burden in the United States, which may include com-plications due to such diseases. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be composed of the following voting members: (A) The heads of the following Federal agencies and departments, or their des-ignees: (i) The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. (ii) The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. (iii) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (iv) The Indian Health Service. (v) The Department of Veterans Affairs. (vi) The National Institutes of Health. (vii) The Food and Drug Administration. (viii) The Health Resources and Services Administration. (ix) The Department of Defense. (x) The Department of Agriculture. (xi) The Office of Minority Health. (B) Twelve additional voting members ap-pointed under paragraph (2). (2) ADDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Commission shall include additional voting members, as may be appointed by the Secretary, with ex-pertise in the prevention, care, and epidemi-ology of any of the diseases and complica-tions described in subsection (a), including one or more such members from each of the following categories: (A) Physician specialties, including clin-ical endocrinologists, that play a role in the prevention or treatment of diseases and com-plications described in subsection (a). (B) Primary care physicians. (C) Non-physician health care profes-sionals. (D) Patient advocates. (E) National experts, including public health experts, in the duties listed under subsection (c). (F) Health care providers furnishing serv-ices to a patient population that consists of a high percentage (as specified by the Sec-retary) of individuals who are enrolled in a State plan under title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act or who are not covered under a health plan or health insurance coverage. (3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The members of the Commission shall select a chairperson from the members appointed under paragraph (2). (4) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at least twice, and not more than four times, a year. (5) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Commis-sion shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointments. (c) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall evalu-ate and make recommendations, as appro-priate, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and Congress regarding— (1) Federal programs of the Department of Health and Human Services that focus on preventing and reducing the incidence of the diseases and complications described in sub-section (a); (2) current activities and gaps in Federal efforts to support clinicians in providing in-tegrated, high-quality care to individuals with the diseases and complications de-scribed in subsection (a); (3) the improvement in, and improved co-ordination of, Federal education and aware-ness activities related to the prevention and treatment of the diseases and complications described in subsection (a), which may in-clude the utilization of new and existing technologies; (4) methods for outreach and dissemination of education and awareness materials that— (A) address the diseases and complications described in subsection (a); (B) are funded by the Federal Government; and (C) are intended for health care profes-sionals and the public; and (5) whether there are opportunities for con-solidation of inappropriately overlapping or duplicative Federal programs related to the diseases and complications described in sub-section (a). (d) O
PERATING PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after its first meeting, the Commission shall submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Congress an oper-ating plan for carrying out the activities of the Commission as described in subsection (c). Such operating plan may include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.002 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5020 September 6, 2017 
(1) a list of specific activities that the Commission plans to conduct for purposes of carrying out the duties described in each of the paragraphs in subsection (c); (2) a plan for completing the activities; (3) a list of members of the Commission and other individuals who are not members of the Commission who will need to be in-volved to conduct such activities; (4) an explanation of Federal agency in-volvement and coordination needed to con-duct such activities; (5) a budget for conducting such activities; and (6) other information that the Commission deems appropriate. (e) F
INAL REPORT .—By not later than 3 years after the date of the Commission’s first meeting, the Commission shall submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices and the Congress a final report con-taining all of the findings and recommenda-tions required by this section. (f) S
UNSET .—The Commission shall termi-nate 60 days after submitting its final report, but not later than the end of fiscal year 2021. f 
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER FRAUD PREVENTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 106, H.R. 624. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 624) to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on Federal documents sent by mail, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 624) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 201, S. 1359. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1359) to amend the John F. Ken-nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 1359) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 1359 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John F. Ken-nedy Center Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) M
AINTENANCE , R EPAIR , AND SECU-
RITY.—There are authorized to be appro-priated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H)— ‘‘(1) $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(4) $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—There are author-ized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1)— ‘‘(1) $13,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $13,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(4) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION FOR PLAQUE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Center’’) should— (1) recognize the year 2018 as the 60th anni-versary of the National Cultural Center Act (now known as the ‘‘John F. Kennedy Center Act’’) (20 U.S.C. 76h et seq.), signed into law by President Dwight D. Eisenhower on Sep-tember 2, 1958; and (2) establish commemorative displays hon-oring President Dwight D. Eisenhower and the history of the National Cultural Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76h et seq.) during the year 2018. (b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR PLAQUE .—The Cen- ter shall place within the Center a plaque containing an inscription to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the signing of the Na-tional Cultural Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76h et seq.) by President Dwight D. Eisenhower. (c) S
PECIFICATIONS .—The plaque shall be— (1)(A) not less than 6 square feet in size; and (B) not more than 18 square feet in size; (2) of any shape that the Trustees of the Center determine to be appropriate; and (3) placed at a location within the Center approximate to the Eisenhower Theater that the Trustees of the Center determine to be appropriate. (d) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No Federal funds may be used to design, procure, or install the plaque. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not af-fect the payment of salaries, expenses, and benefits otherwise authorized by law for members and employees of the Center who participate in carrying out this section. (e) P
RIVATE FUNDRAISING AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Center shall solicit and accept private contributions for the de-sign, procurement, and installation of the plaque. (2) A
CCOUNTING .—The Center shall— (A) establish an account into which any contributions received pursuant to para-graph (1) shall be deposited; and (B) maintain documentation of any con-tributions received pursuant to paragraph (1). 
SEC. 4. COMMEMORATION OF THE JOHN F. KEN-NEDY CENTER FOR THE PER-FORMING ARTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Center should— (1) recognize the year 2021 as the 50th anni-versary of the opening of the Center; and (2) appropriately acknowledge and com-memorate the mission of the Center as a na-tional center for the performing arts and a national memorial to President John F. Ken-nedy. (b) AUTHORIZATION FOR DISPLAYS AND PRO-
GRAMS .—The Center may create displays and programs that memorialize the opening of the Center and the programmatic legacy of the Center since its opening in 1971. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REINFORCING EDUCATION AC-COUNTABILITY IN DEVELOP-MENT ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the body the message to accompany H.R. 601. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the amendments numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8 of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 601) entitled ‘‘An Act to enhance the transparency and accel-erate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in devel-oping countries, to better enable such coun-tries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes.’’ and be it further Resolved, That the House agree to the amendment numbered 6 of the Senate to the aforementioned bill, with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 808 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) with an amendment numbered 808. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur with further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.004 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5021 September 6, 2017 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, with a further amendment numbered 808. Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, Steve Daines, Cory Gardner, Richard Burr, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, David Perdue, Dan Sullivan, John Barrasso, John Thune. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on the mo-tion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 809 TO AMENDMENT NO . 808 
Mr. M CCONNELL . I have a second-de-gree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 809 to amendment No. 808. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: At the end add the following: ‘‘This act shall be effective 1 day after en-actment.’’ f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. Thursday, Sep-tember 7; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 601. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 11:31 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, September 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
KATHERINE BRUNETT MCGUIRE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF LABOR, VICE ADRI DAVIN JAYARATNE. 
OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
JEFF TIEN HAN PON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KATHERINE ARCHULETA, RE-SIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
RANDY REEVES, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR MEMORIAL AF-FAIRS, VICE STEVE L. MURO, RESIGNED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:30 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.064 S06SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1165 September 6, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF BROCK LIVELY 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge Brock Lively who served as an intern in my office from May 16 to July 29, 2016. I recently learned of Brock’s interest to explore military service after grad-uating from Loyola University in May 2018 with honors in history. I speak to Brock’s character with enthu-siasm for his commitment to service. In addi-tion to accomplishing the leadership of an Eagle Scout, Brock has given of himself on many faith-based and humanitarian missions around the globe. He carried my appreciation for the time he takes to give back to his com-munity and country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote for Roll Call votes 439 and 440 on September 5, 2017. Had I been present, my votes would have been the following: Aye on Roll Call votes 439 and 440. 
f 
MAY BRILL 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Army and Coast Guard veteran, Mrs. May Brill of Camden in New Jer-sey’s First Congressional District. May Brill was born in Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania in 1924. After her two brothers enlisted, wanting to show her patriotism Brill enlisted at the age of 20, she became a part of the sup-ply core in a division of the U.S. Navy known as W.A.V.E.S. Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service. Sent to Hunter College in the Bronx, New York for basic training where women were trained with the same Advanced Individual Training as men, Mrs. Brill was selected to re-ceive additional training at the U.S. Naval Training School in Georgia State College for Women located in Milledgeville, GA. It was here May learned the specialized skills for her military duties in the supply core. Mrs. Brill ended up stationed in Oakland, California. She started off ranked as a Sea-men Third Class, the lowest rank in the Navy, but worked her way up five ranks to become a Storekeeper Second Class. Her duties were to procure equipment, tools, medical supplies, and consumable goods to ship off to supply the ships and bases in the Pacific. Currently, Mrs. Brill is very active as an ad-vocate for Veterans and women in the military, she currently serves as: Senior vice Com-mander of the Jewish War Veterans Post 126, New Jersey Chairperson of ‘‘Women in the Military’’ Chairperson for the New Jersey Vet-erans Memorial Home. Additionally, she has four daughters, nine grandchildren, and one great-granddaughter. She wishes for less war and more peaceful times for the future. Mrs. Brill is an honorable American, having served our great nation in a time of war, and merits our collective appreciation. I ask you to join me in saluting and thanking May Brill for her service to our country and her ongoing commitment to our nation’s veterans. f 
HONORING THE FAIRFIELD AMER-ICAN BASEBALL TEAM’S SUC-CESSES AT THE 2017 LITTLE LEAGUE WORLD SERIES 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments of the Fairfield American Little League baseball team fol-lowing its participation in the 2017 Little League World Series. For years, Southwest Connecticut has pro-duced outstanding baseball clubs, and 2017 was no exception. After an undefeated run in which they captured district, state and regional titles, Fairfield American went on to represent New England in the Little League World Se-ries in Williamsport, PA. The team finished the season as the number three team in the coun-try, defeating Washington and New Jersey twice before falling to eventual United States champion Texas. They were welcomed back to Connecticut with a grand celebration, re-ceiving the key to the town of Fairfield from First Selectman Mike Tetreau. Fairfield American exemplified a spirit of hard work and commitment indicative of the motto they wore on the back of their t-shirts: Never Give Up. This group of exceptional young men shined on Little League’s biggest stage, finding unwavering strength in them-selves and one another. They played every game until the final out and never quit, even when the odds were against them. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in rec-ognizing everyone who made this season a reality; the coaches, Mike Randazzo, Jorge Ri-vera and Wayne Righter, who have spent countless hours instilling the value of hard work and sportsmanship; the parents, whose sacrifice and engagement ensured their chil-dren had an unforgettable summer; and the players—Andrew Cutler, Anthony Falletta, An-thony Pollack, Christian Smith, Ethan Righter, Griffin Dodder, Aidan Rivera, Leo Randazzo, Michael Iannazzo, Matthew Vivona, Owen Kalagher, Sean O’Neil, Troy Ashkinos and Tyler Bauer, who represented Connecticut proudly. f 
PEER-REVIEWED GULF WAR ILL-NESS RESEARCH IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 19 to Division A, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018, moved $1 million from the Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide account to the Defense Health Program’s Peer-Reviewed Gulf War Ill-ness research program. If we are going to spend money on medical research within the Department of Defense, the Department must adequately fund re-search on those diseases that originate in war and wholly affect our servicemen and women. Over a quarter of a million veterans display symptoms of this disease, and the time has come to find, and fund, a cure for it. I support funding Gulf War Illness research and thank my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
HONORING DR. TERRY FENGER OF MARSHALL UNIVERSITY 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the hard work of Dr. Terry Fenger of Marshall University in Hun-tington, West Virginia. Dr. Fenger has played a key role in developing the university’s highly successful Forensic Science Center, which has repeatedly been named the nation’s best forensic science program. Dr. Fenger has served as the center’s direc-tor since 1994, overseeing its Digital Forensics section, Forensics DNA Analysis laboratory, and FEPAC-accredited Forensic Science Graduate Program. His passion for teaching students how to succeed in the forensic science field and caring for his fellow West Virginians is on show for all to see. By over-seeing the program’s role in West Virginia’s sexual assault test kit initiative, Dr. Fenger has proactively taken a leadership role in helping get criminals off our streets. His expertise in his field has helped create a new generation of forensic experts to solve crimes and keep our communities safe, and I join his friends, family and colleagues in wishing him well dur-ing his hard-earned retirement. He will always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.001 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1166 September 6, 2017 
be a part of the Marshall University family. I look forward to seeing the great things he achieves in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PATROLMAN LINFORD RODWAY OF THE BLAKELY POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Patrolman Linford Rodway of the Blakely Police Department who fell in the line of duty 50 years ago this year. Patrolman Rodway was an outstanding police officer, son, father, husband, and friend who paid the ultimate sacrifice for the residents of Blakely Borough. On June 24, 1967, the residents of Blakely Borough were celebrating their centennial year with a festive parade. Patrolman Rodway was one of several officers who were assigned to conduct traffic control during the parade and protect those attending the celebration. That evening, Patrolman Rodway responded to a disturbance along the parade route. Pa-trolman Rodway along with other officers were able to resolve the conflict and returned to headquarters shortly thereafter. Once Patrol-man Rodway was inside the station, he sud-denly felt ill. His other officers caught him be-fore he collapsed and quickly called an ambu-lance. Patrolman Rodway was rushed to Mid- Valley Hospital. Medical staff did all they could, however the heart attack Patrolman Rodway suffered that day was fatal. It is an honor to recognize Patrolman Linford Rodway’s service to the community of Blakely Borough all those years ago. I am grateful to him for his sacrifice, and I thank all of the first responders who tried their best to save his life that night. May his memory serve as a reminder of duty and loyalty to all mem-bers of law enforcement who protect and serve our communities. 
f 
HONORING TIMOTHY BRADLEY, JR. ON HIS RETIREMENT AS A WORLD BOXING CHAMPION AND HIS LEGACY IN THE COACHELLA VALLEY 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate professional boxer Timothy Brad-ley, Jr., on his well-deserved retirement after 23 years and 37 fights in the boxing ring. His dedication, commitment, and passion for box-ing are an inspiration. Timothy is a remarkable resident of Cathedral City, where he grew up and currently lives with his wife Monica and five children. As an incredible father, husband, and businessman, he is a role model for all the members of our community. Timothy, who later earned the moniker ’’The Desert Storm,’’ was born in Palm Springs and attended Cathedral City High School in my congressional district. His boxing career began when he became one of the favorite fighters on Showtime series ‘‘ShoBox.’’ In 2004, he won his first professional bout. As a stellar professional boxer, Timothy holds extraordinary wins against several of the world’s best fighters. In 2005, he became a World Boxing Council Youth World Welterweight champion by defeating boxer Francisco Rincon. The following year, he beat Arturo Urena and became a World Boxing Council Youth World Light Welterweight cham-pion. In 2008, he overcame boxer Junior Witter to win the World Boxing Council World Light Welterweight title. In 2009, Timothy de-feated Kendall Holt to obtain the World Boxing Organization World Light Welterweight title and would proceed to successfully defend it against boxer Manny Pacquiao in 2012. In every fight, Timothy brought agility and resilience of mind, body, and spirit to the ring. Most importantly, he remained true to himself and always kept his family, friends, and fans in his heart. He was not only an outstanding boxer, but also a humble man who gave back to his community. In 2014, Timothy was awarded with the 377th Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars for his contributions to the Coachella Valley. He supports the desert’s youth as an assistant coach for La Quinta High School varsity foot-ball team, assistant coach for All American Junior PeeWee Youth Football Association, and mentor for the Coachella Valley Boys & Girls Club. In December 2016, Timothy and his wife Monica Bradley opened a Hawaiian-style res-taurant located in Rancho Mirage. Additionally, the duo works with young boxers Edgar Mar-tinez and Dominic Serna, providing them with mentorship and training. Said Bradley, ‘‘I hope to continue to allow boxing in my world through teaching, commentating and being a fan of a sport I love so dearly.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize and honor Timothy Bradley, Jr. On behalf of Cali-fornia’s 36th Congressional District, it is with deepest respect that I commend him for a re-markable career dedicated to professional boxing and look forward to the significant con-tributions he will continue to make in service of others. I wish him, his wife Monica, and his children all my best in the years to come. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF C. ARTHUR SOUCY 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of C. Arthur Soucy who died on July 9, 2017. Born in Manchester, New Hampshire (NH) on September 24, 1935, he was the son of Adelard and Fabiola (LaSante) Soucy. He was educated in the local parochial school system and was a 1954 graduate of St. Marie High School. He served in the U.S. Army National Guard. C. Arthur was a man who dedicated his life to making a difference in the lives of others; whether through elective office, his church, his businesses or through the many charitable or-ganizations that he served on, C. Arthur lived to help others. On April 16, 1966, C. Arthur married his most loyal supporter and the love of his life, Lillian (Provost) Soucy. C. Arthur and Lillian welcomed their daughter Donna the following year. C. Arthur and Lillian were especially proud that Donna would go on to follow in their footsteps serving as both an Alderman and State Representative. Donna currently serves in the NH State Senate. C. Arthur and Donna hold the distinction of being the only fa-ther and daughter to both serve as Aldermen for the City of Manchester. C. Arthur owned and operated Youngsville Super Market in Manchester for nearly 20 years. C. Arthur was named NH Grocer of the Year in 1974. He proudly opened The Wine Cellar in 1975 having obtained the first license to sell wine in the State of NH in his grocery store. He had also worked for several years as a successful Realtor and most recently had been employed by Brook Hollow Sand & Gravel in Londonderry. C. Arthur’s involvement in politics began in the late 1950s when he volunteered and worked on various campaigns, most notably that of John F. Kennedy for President. In 1961, C. Arthur was elected to his first term as Manchester’s Ward 12 Alderman; at age 26 he was one of the youngest to ever serve. He was reelected to a second term as Alderman and also served a term as Hillsborough County Commissioner. He went on to serve a record-breaking fifty years of continuous service as a member of city boards and commissions. C. Arthur served twenty years as a Parks and Recreation Commis-sioner, sixteen as its chairman. He served on the Manchester Water Works Commission for twenty-five years, eventually serving as Presi-dent. C. Arthur served two terms on the Man-chester Elderly Services Commission where he was known for gathering the most sponsor-ships and raffle prizes of any member. He was also elected a delegate to the NH state con-stitutional conventions in 1964 and 1984. He was three times elected Manchester Ward 6 moderator and was honored to serve as one of New Hampshire’s Presidential Electors in 2012 casting his ballot for the reelection of President Barack Obama. C. Arthur was pre-sented a Key to the City of Manchester from six of Manchester’s mayors for his contribu-tions to the betterment of the City of Man-chester. In 1963, C. Arthur founded the NH Young Democrats and was elected the organization’s first President. Today the NH Young Demo-crats honor him annually by presenting the C. Arthur Soucy Award. He served for many years as the chairman of the Manchester Democrats, which presents an annual C. Ar-thur and Lillian Soucy Award to honor their legacy. C. Arthur served on the NH Demo-cratic State Committee and its executive com-mittee through the years. In 2009, Governor John Lynch presented him the prestigious NH Democratic Party Dunfey-Kanteres Award. He was honored by the NH Home Builders Association in 2002 for his service, and by the New England Water Works Association in 2008. From 1992 to 1996, he served on the board of the New Horizons Manchester Soup Kitchen including serving for a time as its president. In March of 2015, C. Arthur was presented with a distinguished achievement award by the International Association of Fire-fighters for his work on behalf of Manchester’s firefighters. C. Arthur was a member of the American Legion Henry J. Sweeney Post 2. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.002 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1167 September 6, 2017 
He was a longtime active communicant of St. Pius X Church, serving on the parish coun-cil and the St. Vincent de Paul Society. He had the distinction of being inducted to the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Je-rusalem in 2005. He was also a longtime member of the Knights of Columbus. Mr. Soucy was a legend in New Hampshire politics. Always working, always helping other, always in service. In short, New Hampshire is a much better place because of the life and career of Mr. Soucy. I extend my deepest con-dolences to his family and friends. He will be dearly missed. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ARPA–E REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I am very pleased to intro-duce the bipartisan ARPA–E Reauthorization Act of 2017. Even though the agency is still relatively young, ARPA–E has already demonstrated in-credible success in advancing high-risk, high- reward energy technology solutions that nei-ther the public nor the private sector had been willing or able to support in the past. This was highlighted in a Congressionally mandated Na-tional Academies review of the agency re-leased in June. Bipartisan industry leaders like Norm Augustine and Bill Gates have repeat-edly called for tripling this agency’s budget given the unique role that it is now playing in our energy innovation pipeline. ARPA–E’s impressive track record includes over $1.8 billion in private sector follow-on funding for a group of 74 ARPA–E projects since the agency’s founding in 2009. Equally notable, 56 projects have formed new compa-nies and 68 projects have shown enough promise to result in partnerships with other government agencies for further development. And I’d be remiss if I didn’t refer my col-leagues to DOE Secretary Perry’s March 8th tweet which states, and I quote, ‘‘Innovators like the ones supported by our ARPA–E pro-gram are key to advancing America’s energy economy.’’ I couldn’t have said this better my-self. The ARPA–E Reauthorization Act of 2017 authorizes reasonable growth in funding for ARPA–E through 2022. Increased funding for ARPA–E is consistent with the strong and sus-tained recommendations of many respected industrial and academic institutions and orga-nizations in recent years. The bill also includes a provision which ensures that sensitive pro-prietary business information collected by ARPA–E remains protected, which will enable even greater private sector engagement in its programs. I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including Mr. C
OSTELLO , Ms. K
APTUR , and Mrs. L OVE, for joining me in intro-ducing this bill, and I hope that all Members will consider supporting this critical investment in our nation’s clean energy future. SUPPORT FOR H. RES. 502 HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, today, the House of Representatives rightfully took action to re-spond to the impact of Hurricane Harvey, by approving disaster relief through a supple-mental appropriations resolution. Unfortu-nately, I was unable to be present during the earlier vote. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of H. Res. 502. I am pleased to see the measure passed the House with over-whelming bipartisan support and look forward to the Senate taking similar action to bring much-needed aid to the victims that continue to face the devastating effects of this momen-tous storm. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BETHEL UNITED METHODIST 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TOM RICE 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bethel United Meth-odist Church in Marion, South Carolina, for 150 years of service and fellowship. As stated in the first verse of Psalm 133, ‘‘How good and pleasant it is when God’s people live to-gether in unity!’’ Despite what may be heard in the media, faith and God are alive and well in our coun-try. Evil tries to shatter our communities and sow seeds of despair, but to the Devil’s dis-may our faith in God is resilient. Thank you for all you do to advance God’s message in our community. Through fellow-ship, community programs, and outreach, Bethel United Methodist Church is doing God’s work right here in Marion. We, people of faith, must ensure that God’s message of salvation is heard in every city, state, and country in the world. In faith, hope, and love, we cannot fail. May God continue to bless Bethel United Methodist Church and all those who worship there. 
f 
HONORING UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA LIBRARIES 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the University of Minnesota Libraries, which has been awarded the 2017 National Medal for Museum and Library Service. Their devotion to innovative and accessible library service has made them one of the nation’s standout public research libraries. Every year, the Institute of Museum and Li-brary Services selects ten institutions that best represent the stewardship of public knowl-edge. Throughout its 23-year history, the IMLS has only selected three academic libraries for the recognition. This is a fitting recognition of the amount of community-driven work the UMN Libraries undertakes. As a public re-search library, their work expands far beyond the University walls to our state’s 5.5 million residents and beyond. As I wrote in my letter of nomination for the University of Minnesota Libraries: I have been moved by the deep commitment the Libraries have shown to our community. Its mission is realized every day through the dedication, cre-ativity, and human kindness represented in the programs and services it provides. It is a shin-ing example of how a public institution can make a great difference in the lives of people within its walls and beyond its borders. I am proud to be associated with the University Li-braries and believe it to be an exemplary can-didate for this honor. I am thrilled to congratulate the UMN Librar-ies for receiving the U.S. government’s top honor for library service to the community. I look forward to seeing the way they expand the pursuit of knowledge in coming decades. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PETER SCARAFILE 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sincere recognition of Peter Scarafile on the occasion of his retirement from Cape Cod Healthcare. Peter is retiring as the Director of Pharmacy after more than 44 years as an in-tegral part of the Cape Cod Healthcare family. Peter was born in Union City, New Jersey and raised in Newburgh, New York by his first- generation Italian American father, Danny, and his Italian mother, Maria. His parents met when his father was stationed as a military po-liceman in Italy right after World War II. Peter is one of three brothers and learned to speak Italian before he spoke English at home. Peter’s incredible work ethic began at a young age when stocked shelves at the dairy department of a local grocery store in high school. Though originally recruited by Brown University, he decided to attend Northeastern University’s School of Pharmacy to participate in Northeastern University’s renowned Co-Op program. It was during his work at Karas Pharmacy during his Co-Op program in 1972 that Peter met the love of his life, Judy. They were married in 1974 at St. Mary’s Episcopal Church in Barnstable, MA. After graduating in 1974 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Pharmacy, Peter enrolled immediately to complete his Master’s in Hos-pital Administration. Peter and Judy then moved to Cape Cod to begin their careers. In 1975 Peter began his first job at a hos-pital when was hired as a Staff Pharmacist at Cape Cod Hospital. He quickly rose the ranks to become the Manager of Pharmacy Oper-ations for the parent organization, Cape Cod Healthcare, before being appointed the Direc-tor of Pharmacy in 2009. In this role he oversaw eight pharmacies and 40 pharmacists who assist thousands of sick patients to get the attention and care they need. They quickly became very involved in local organizations, including the Cape Cod Base-ball League. As friends and family joke, when Peter married Judy, he also married the Cape Cod League. Peter joined the then-Hyannis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.005 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1168 September 6, 2017 
Mets and became an active member in the baseball community. Additionally, he has served as President of the Big Brothers Big Sisters of Massachusetts Bay, President of the Greater Hyannis Chamber of Commerce, President of the John F. Kennedy Hyannis Museum Foundation, a board member of the Visiting Nurse Association of Cape Cod, a board member of the Baybridge Clubhouse, and a board member of St. Mary’s Episcopal Church. Even in his free time, Peter has devoted countless hours volunteering and helping those in need. He and Judy have deployed on several volunteer disaster assignments includ-ing to New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, to Haiti after the earthquake, and New Jersey after Hurricane Sandy. Never one to rest, he is now training to become a Red Cross dis-aster volunteer as well. Further, Peter is the Warden of St. Mary’s Episcopal Church and a Serving the Health Insurance Needs of Every-one (SHINE) Counselor, where he helps sen-iors navigate the complexities of Medicare and health insurance. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Peter Scarafile for his dedication to the healthcare industry and the wellbeing of so many resi-dents of Cape Cod. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking him for his work and wish-ing him all the best as he enjoys his deserved retirement. 
f 
DONALD C. SIEGEL 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Donald C. Siegel, an influential labor advocate for fair and equal working privileges for the American worker. Mister Siegel served 46 years with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) and retired as Third District International Vice President for IBEW. Brother Siegel is a native of West Reading, Pennsylvania across the Delaware River from my Congressional District in Southern New Jersey. In 1973, Brother Siegel was initiated into IBEW’s Reading Local 743 and was ultimately elected to the executive board. Donald Siegel’s service would take him to Salt Lake City, Utah and San Jose, California, before re-turning to his home state of Pennsylvania where he would work at the Limerick Gener-ating Station. In 1989 Donald Siegel would ascend to the helm of Local 743, overseeing the merger of another local union that dramatically increased the Local’s membership. Siegel would eventu-ally assume the role of IBEW international rep-resentative before becoming IBEW’s Third District International Vice President. Throughout his career, Brother Siegel has a reputation for tackling the most difficult tasks with the best interests of hardworking men and women at heart. As he reflects on his storied career, Donald Siegel acknowledges his proudest achieve-ment as building the best staff in any trade union. Retirement will not interrupt Donald Siegel’s ardent advocacy for hardworking men and women. Brother Siegel’s work continues with the Team Pennsylvania Foundation and the Ben Franklin Technology Developmental Au-thority. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in cele-brating Donald C. Siegel for his service and his devotion to the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. f 
HONORING HOLTEC 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important South Jersey busi-ness. Holtec International creates and manu-factures custom-engineered equipment for en-ergy companies and nuclear reactors. Holtec has been based in South Jersey for over 30 years ago and has a world-class manufac-turing facility on the banks of the Delaware River. Recently, Holtec opened up a new facility in Camden, New Jersey pledging to hire hun-dreds of people from the surrounding commu-nity. Holtec has shown it is invested in the fu-ture of the South Jersey community and its people by working with Camden County Col-lege to train welders and grow a highly-skilled work force from the local area. Holtec’s investment in Camden brings hope to a struggling city. South Jersey is better off because of Holtec’s pledge to the community. One local laborer even said he had been wait-ing his whole life for this. I’d also like to recognize the leadership of Holtec’s President and CEO Dr. Kris Singh. None of this would be possible without him. Dr. Singh has led this company from its incep-tion and helped it grow into the powerhouse it is today. Because of him, many South Jersey residents will have the opportunity to better their lives. Mr. Speaker, companies like Holtec that are dedicated to their community should be com-mended. They help expand our economy, cre-ate jobs and improve the lives of so many Americans. I’m grateful for the impact Holtec is having on South Jersey. And I know many of my constituents feel the same way. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PASTOR CLARENCE SEXTON 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, one of my constituents, Pastor Clarence Sex-ton, has provided years of exceptional service through his devotion to helping others grow in faith. I want to extend congratulations to Pastor Sexton for reaching the 50th anniversary of his Christian ministry. Since 1967, he has served others through his work as a pastor with several churches in Tennessee and even one in New Jersey. He and his wife Evelyn married the same year that he began preaching. They have two sons, Shannon and Matt, and six grand-children. Pastor Sexton and his family have devoted the last 25 years of their lives to service at Temple Baptist Church, in my district, in Pow-ell, Tennessee. When the Sextons arrived at Temple Bap-tist, the church was averaging fewer than 500 people in attendance. Now, thousands attend weekly. Using the principles and teachings of the Bible, Pastor Sexton also leads as the Presi-dent and founder of Crown College, across from Temple Baptist. His sacrifice, leadership, and Godly ways have helped make our community, state, and Nation better places. Mr. Speaker, I hope you and my colleagues will join me in recognizing this milestone of service and dedication Pastor Sexton has reached. f 
PROCLAMATION IN HONOR OF THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 81ST REGIONAL SUPPORT COM-MAND 
HON. TREY GOWDY 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I included in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation in honor of the 100th Anniversary of the 81st Regional Support Command located at Fort Jackson, South Carolina: Whereas, the 81st Division, National Army, was organized at Camp Jackson, South Caro-lina on August 25, 1917, comprised principally of drafted men from Tennessee and the Caro-linas; and Whereas, the men of the 81st Division served with distinction in the Lorraine and Meuse-Argonne campaigns of World War, and demobilized in June 1919; and Whereas, the 81st Infantry Division reac-tivated in 1942 at Camp Rucker, Alabama for World War II service, with drafted men from every state in the United States, serving with distinction in the Palau and Philippine cam-paigns before inactivation in 1946; and Whereas, the 81st Infantry Division formed part of the Army Reserve from 1941 to 1965, part of the strategic reserve which deterred the aggression of the Soviet Union and War-saw Pact; and. Whereas, from 1967 to 1995, the 81st Army Reserve Command (ARCOM) was command headquarters for 9,000 Army Reserve Soldiers in portions of six states, whose soldiers trained and served with merit in Vietnam, Desert Storm, Bosnia and Kosovo; and Whereas, from 1995 to 2008, the 81st Re-gional Readiness Command and Support Command was command headquarters for all Army Reserve units in the southeastern United States, successfully mobilizing more than 28,000 Soldiers in the Global War on Terror; and Whereas, in 2008 the 81st Regional Support Command returned to its birthplace of Fort Jackson, where it today provides facilities and services to Soldiers, Families and Civilians in the southeastern United States. Be it Resolved, That we hereby recognize by this resolution the 100th Anniversary of the 81st Regional Support Command of the United States Army Reserve, and the selfless service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.010 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1169 September 6, 2017 
and sacrifices made by the citizen-soldiers within its ranks in the defense of our nation and our cherished freedoms and liberties, and pay homage to those citizen-soldiers upon this memorable occasion. Be it further Resolved that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to Major General Arlan M. DeBlieck, Commanding General of the 81st Regional Support Command, at Fort Jackson, South Carolina. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BOB HENDERSON 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate Bob Henderson on being elected Commander of the Illinois American Legion, the nation’s largest wartime veteran’s service organization. Mr. Henderson grew up in Central Illinois and served in the United States Navy from 1961–1965. He has been a member of the American Legion since 1967. He became Post Commander in his hometown of Homer in 1977, and later Adjutant and Finance Officer in Urbana in 1998. Having completed electrician training in the Navy, Mr. Henderson continued to work in the profession after his discharge until his retire-ment in 2005, when he became further in-volved in the American Legion. He served as Department Historian before being elected as District Commander in 2010 and was elected as Senior Vice Commander for the Illinois De-partment in 2016. Last year, he was elected to serve as the Commander for the Illinois De-partment for 2017–2018. Mr. Henderson is a remarkable example of a dedicated public servant. I am proud of his accomplishments and thankful for his service to our country. It is an honor to represent him in the 13th District of Illinois. Mr. Henderson will be a strong leader for the American Legion and I wish him the best in serving his fellow servicemembers. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE ARBOR CREEK MIDDLE SCHOOL BAND 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Arbor Creek Middle School Band of Lewisville Independent School District on being selected to perform in the 71st An-nual Midwest Clinic International Band and Or-chestra Conference in Chicago, Illinois. The Arbor Creek Band, directed by Mr. Rylon Guidry, has been recognized as one of the premiere middle school band programs in the state of Texas. Among their numerous honors, Arbor Creek’s band has won the Foundation for Music Education’s Mark of Ex-cellence: National Wind Band Honors Contest on three occasions, was first runner-up in the 2016–2017 Texas Music Educators Associa-tion’s Honor Band State Contest, and receives the University Interscholastic League Sweep-stakes Award on a yearly basis. This December, the Arbor Creek Band will perform at the Midwest Clinic in Chicago as one of only four middle school bands across the world chosen as an official performance group. This incredible honor is a testament to the hard work and dedication of these stu-dents. The following musicians will represent Arbor Creek Middle School this December at the 71st Annual Midwest Clinic: Bailey Arrington, Ana Jones, Veronica Juarez, Larissa Kim, Nandita Kumar, Nancy Liu, Kaitlin Lutz, Han-nah Mathai, Suhani Rana, Phil Tran, D’Marco DeLeon, Lillian Mulupi, Makayla Newell, Reagan Reasonover, Skylar Bohlman, Caro-line Burrow, Tatum Gray, Olivia McClenaghan, Tessa Boyce, George Cardozo. Dana Gingrey, Sarah Hurtado, Caeli Hwang, Brianna Kirkman, Marissa Kouba, Michelle Lee, Jestin Sifonte, Sean Simpson, Kamarion Hooks, Logan Stewart, Jaden Coleman, Spen-cer Griffin, Natalie Helmick, Aaron Martinez, Leia Phillips, Aditya Subramaniam, Gavin Dirks, Aden Robinson, Aidan Roark, Barrett Adams. Richard Boudreau, Andrew Degan, Parker Guerry, Casey Ivanoff, Kaili Mancha, Joseph Miller, Lela Oliveira, Lily Rainey, Eloy Trevino, David Vazquez, Joel Weber, Ian Wright, Srushti S. Agashe, Weslyn Brown, Christopher Calltharp, Elayna Felder, Hudson Marr, Jamie Pina, Brendan Schmidt, Michelle Waida, Chance Akin, Ian Boggs. Dylan Castillo, Malik Hamza, Aidan Lester, Jayden Mitchell, Matthew Mussell, Lance Wood, Garrett Baker, Trevor Hoffman, Grace McClenaghan, Adam Ronderos, Lucas Wittrup, Ryan Alonzo, Zachary Schroer, Neel Vavilapalli, Kyler Beck, Lauren Bond, Trace Downey, Parker Freeburg, Nhat-Tam Nguyen, Colby Petty, Alexander Walters, Ethan Wat-son, and Esther Yoo. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize these outstanding young musicians and con-gratulate them on this monumental achieve-ment. I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating the Arbor Creek Mid-dle School Band on its selection to perform in the 71st Annual Midwest Clinic Intemational Band and Orchestra Conference. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BATTALION CHIEF GARY HELMING 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Los Padres Na-tional Forest Santa Lucia Ranger District Bat-talion Chief Gary Helming. Chief Helming lost his life on August 31, 2017 while returning home from fighting a wildfire in the Sierra Na-tional Forest in Mariposa County. I am deeply saddened to have learned of Chief Helming’s death. After courageously serving as a firefighter for more than 20 years with the United States Forest Service, this is a heavy loss for our community and the many lives he touched. His valiant work and leadership as an emer-gency first responder in Santa Barbara County is among the finest in the county and he was recognized as the Santa Maria Elks Lodge Firefighter of the Year. Firefighters, like Gary Helming, are selfless heroes who put their lives on the front lines to protect our communities. I had the honor of meeting Chief Helming this past July when he loaned me his boots and we toured the damage done by the Alamo and Whittier fires in the Central Coast. It was a true privilege to see firsthand Chief Helming’s service and dedication to his com-munity. In addition to his service with the U.S. For-est Service, Gary Helming was a beloved fa-ther, husband and friend. At 47 years old, he is survived by his wife, Andrea, and their three children, Riley, Walker, and Nalani. His serv-ice and sacrifice to his community will not be forgotten. f 
ASSISTANT CHIEF TIMOTHY W. TOMPKINS RETIRES FROM THE CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PATROL 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the outstanding law enforcement ca-reer of Timothy W. Tompkins, who will retire from his position as the Assistant Chief of Pro-tective Services Division for the California Highway Patrol on September 30, 2017. Born and raised in Minnesota, Assistant Chief Tompkins graduated from the California High-way Patrol Academy in 1989. Assistant Chief Tompkins served in a variety of capacities during his career, including Field Training Officer, Drug Recognition Expert, Special Response Team Commander, and member of the Governor’s Protective Detail. Most notable for me was the time he spent as the Area Commander for the Morongo Basin, a region that I call home. Assistant Chief Tompkins was an integral part of our commu-nity and represented the highest values of the California Highway Patrol. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to thank Assistant Chief Tompkins for his 29 years of service to the citizens of California. His professionalism and dedication to the profession of law enforce-ment reflects great credit upon himself and the California Highway Patrol. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes Tuesday, September 5, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 439 and 440. 
f 
HONORING JENNIFER LOUISE STENGER MARINACE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jennifer Louise Stenger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.013 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1170 September 6, 2017 
Marinace, upon the occasion of receiving her award of Napa County Teacher of the Year for 2018. Ms. Marinace was born in Oakland, Cali-fornia and raised in Santa Rosa, California by her parents George and Patricia. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Liberal Studies with an emphasis in Teaching from Humboldt State University. She continued her education at Boston College, where she received her Masters of Arts degree in Curriculum, Instruc-tion and Administration. Ms. Marinace lives in Santa Rosa with her husband, Bruce, and her children, Katherine and John. Ms. Marinace began her teaching career in 2003 at Robert Louis Stevenson Middle School in St. Helena, California, where she continues to teach today. She has taught classes in English, Drama and Journalism. She also coordinates the Advanced Via Indi-vidual Determination (AVID) Program, which prepares first generation college applicants to transition into higher education. Ms. Marinace brings art and community service into her classroom with the ArtSpring program. In addition to being an excellent teacher, Ms. Marinace is a dedicated leader and com-passionate mentor. She is a member of the Napa County Reads Committee, the Super-intendent’s Cross-Cultural Committee, and the School Site Council. She is a founding advisor for the Unity Club, which works toward a more accepting educational environment for all peo-ple. Ms. Marinace fundraises for and leads the school’s annual Washington, D.C. trip for eighth graders. She was honored as the St. Helena Public Schools Foundation Teacher of the Year in 2006 and received the American Literacy Corporation’s Outstanding Contribu-tions to Literacy in 2008. Mr. Speaker, Napa County Schools has awarded Jennifer Louise Stenger Marinace with the Napa County Teacher of the Year Award for 2018. She is Napa County’s Nomi-nee for California State Teacher of the Year. I am proud to have such an educator in our District. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
EARL WARDLOW 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Mr. Earl Wardlow of the Borough of Lawnside in New Jersey’s First Congressional District—a U.S. military veteran, father and devoted commu-nity leader. Earl Wardlow was born September 23, 1940 to the late Mrs. Horstein Wardlow and Otheel ‘‘Pip’’ Wardlow in Oakland, Kentucky. He was educated in the Bowling Green Public School System, graduated high school in 1958, and enlisted in United States Navy in 1960. He served our country with distinction for four years. In 1965, Mr. Wardlow married Mary Ann Haskins in Boston, Massachusetts. The Wardlows would welcome two daughters into the world, and ultimately relocate to the his-toric Borough of Lawnside, New Jersey in 1971 where the Wardlows would establish themselves as a family committed to public service. After attending Camden County College and the former Glassboro State College, Mr. Wardlow started a 30 year career commitment to Public Service Electric & Gas Company. Mr. Wardlow would stay active in his retire-ment, driving local students to school for a transportation company. Mr. Wardlow’s many contributions to his be-loved community of Lawnside include serving on the following: committee for the Borough’s Fourth of July festivities, Zoning Board Officer, Lawnside Board of Adjustments, Board Mem-ber of Mt. Peace Cemetery, and Lawnside Town Watch. Mr. Wardlow, affectionately known as ‘‘Pop Pop’’ to his relatives, leaves behind his be-loved wife, the Honorable Mary Ann Wardlow, Mayor of Lawnside, as well as daughters, grandchildren extended family, and a grateful community. I ask you to join me honoring the memory of Earl Wardlow for his service to our country and his remarkable commitment to the com-munity of Lawnside, New Jersey. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 439, and Yea on Roll Call No. 440. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SPECIALIST DALE KRIDLO 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Specialist Dale Kridlo, who gave his life in defense of his county in Afghanistan. On September 24, 2017, the Fort Jenkins Bridge in Pittston, Pennsylvania will be renamed in honor of Dale. Dale was born on March 27, 1977 to Albert Kridlo and Michelle Shymanski Dale in Scran-ton, Pennsylvania. He was a graduate of Pittston Area High School and a former mem-ber of Holy Rosary Church in Duryea. Before enlisting in the Army, he worked as a local painting contractor. Specialist Kridlo was as-signed to the 27th Engineer Battalion, 20th Engineer Brigade, 18th Airborne Corps in Fort Bragg, North Carolina. On November 7, 2010, Specialist Kridlo died serving in support of Operation Enduring Free-dom. Specialist Kridlo sustained wounds from small arms fire when his unit was attacked in Afghanistan’s Kunar Province. For his military service, Specialist Kridlo was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star Medal and the Pur-ple Heart. Today, he rests in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery in Virginia. It is an honor to recognize Specialist Dale Kridlo. I am deeply grateful to him and all our brave men and women who have made the ul-timate sacrifice for our country. May we never forget the cost Dale bore on our behalf. HONORING DR. PAMELA STATON OF MARSHALL UNIVERSITY HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the hard work of Dr. Pamela Staton of Marshall University in Hun-tington, West Virginia. Dr. Staton has played a major role in the success of Marshall Univer-sity’s Forensic Science Center, which has re-peatedly been named the nation’s best Foren-sic Science Program. Dr. Pamela Staton joined the Forensic Science Program in 2002, and leads the Bac-terial Source Tracking Research Project at the Robert C. Byrd Biotechnology Center. Her in-valuable experience as the Forensic Science Center’s program administrator and chief aca-demic advisor for its graduate students has contributed greatly to the program’s reputation and plays a central role in its success. Dr. Staton’s contributions to the Huntington com-munity and West Virginia are invaluable, and I wish her the best of luck on her retirement. I know she will always be a part of the Mar-shall University family and look forward to see-ing all the great things she achieves in the fu-ture. 
f 
PEER-REVIEWED PROSTATE CAN-CER RESEARCH IN THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 20 to Division A, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018, moved $10 million from the Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide account to the Defense Health Program’s Peer-Reviewed Prostate Cancer Research Program. Prostate cancer is the most commonly diag-nosed cancer in men and is the second most common cause of male death. In 2017, ap-proximately 161,360 men in the U.S. will be diagnosed with prostate cancer and an esti-mated 26,730 will die from it. The Prostate Cancer Research Program is a unique research program in that it prioritizes research that will lead to the elimination of death from prostate cancer while enhancing the well-being of men experiencing the impact of the disease. I support funding prostate cancer research and thank my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
HONORING DR. JAMES KRUDOP FOR HIS EXCEPTIONAL CON-TRIBUTION TO EDUCATION IN THE STATE OF ALABAMA 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. James D. Krudop, an exceptional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.019 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1171 September 6, 2017 
Alabamian who has made an enormous con-tribution to education in the State of Alabama. Dr. Krudop retired from Lurleen B. Wallace Community College in August, after serving there since 1978. Born and raised in Andalusia, Alabama, Dr. Krudop graduated from Andalusia High School and went on to attain a Bachelor of Science Degree from Auburn University, and both a Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy De-gree from The University of Alabama. Dr. Krudop has dedicated his entire profes-sional life to the public education system. Since starting at Lurleen B. Wallace Commu-nity College in 1978, Dr. Krudop has served as Dean of Student Affairs, Dean of Students/ Administration, Dean of Student Development, Dean of the College, Dean of the College/Sec-ond-in-Command, President, Vice President and Dean of Administrative and Instructional Services, Vice President and MacArthur Cam-pus Director, Vice President of the Greenville Campus, and Vice President and Director of the Greenville Campus, Interim President. Dr. Krudop is highly distinguished in his field, having received a number of honor rec-ognitions including the Phi Theta Kappa Inter-national Michael Bennett Lifetime Achievement Award, and the Phi Theta Kappa Distin-guished Administrator Award. Dr. Krudop has also attained membership and held leadership positions in an array of professional organizations including the Ala-bama Community College Association, the Alabama College System Financial Manage-ment Association, the Alabama College Sys-tem Deans of Students Affairs Association, the All Alabama Team Program Committee, and the Alabama College Personnel Association. Not only has Dr. Krudop shown unwavering dedication to education, but he has faithfully served his community through public service in both the Andalusia and Greenville Area Chambers of Commerce, the L.V. Stabler Me-morial Hospital Board of Trustees, the Rotary Clubs of Andalusia and Greenville, the Anda-lusia Health Services, Inc. Board of Directors, Andalusia First Baptist Church, and Andalusia City Council. The Alabama Community College System Board of Trustees and the Chancellor of the Alabama Community College System have ex-tended their appreciation to Dr. Krudop for his many years of service to public education by naming him Vice President Emeritus of Lurleen B. Wallace Community College. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to acknowl-edge Dr. Krudop’s impact on his community, the students of Alabama, and to honor him as a distinguished leader in his field. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO BOB M
CLIMANS OF WNDH ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Bob McLimans, a staple of the radio airwaves in Northwest Ohio for more than four decades. Bob has spent 44 years on the air and will be retiring on September 8. In addi-tion to his on-air role, Bob has also served as the General Manager of the Napoleon-Defi-ance area for IHeart Media for the past 17 years. In addition to these two jobs, Bob has served as Chair of the Napoleon City Planning Commission for years and is active in his church. Bob’s discussions on-air serve his local community and help bring important informa-tion to listeners. In fact, he was selected to the Henry County Ag Hall of Fame for his commit-ment to agriculture on the radio. He also intro-duced President Reagan when he cam-paigned in Deshler during the 1980’s. Every weekday morning, from 5 a.m. to 9 a.m. on 103.1 in Napoleon, you could listen to Bob discuss the local news, weather, sports, and more. Mr. Speaker, Northwest Ohio has been for-tunate to have someone like Bob McLimans on the airwaves and serving our local commu-nities for the past 44 years. I’d like to con-gratulate Bob on his retirement and wish him all the best in the years to come. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF NEIL KOON 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 90th birthday of Mr. Neil Koon. Mr. Koon was born on August 08, 1927 in Salem, Alabama and has lived there his whole life. He graduated from Smith Station High School in 1944. He was raised on a dairy farm and continued in the dairy business until the 1950s. He later went in to the timber business and started the Phenix City Realty Business in 1962 and still works there today. He married Grace 67 years ago and was blessed with three children. He and his wife have been members of the Concord Baptist Church in Salem for 57 years. He was or-dained a deacon in 1962 and still serves in that role presently. Mr. Koon is a charter member of the Smith Station Ruritan Community Organization and the Bleeker Ruritan Club when it was orga-nized in 1982. He is a member emeritus of the State of Alabama Board of Realtors and Phenix City Board of Realtors. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 90th birthday of Mr. Neil Koon. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 7, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), John R. Bass, of New York, to be Am-bassador to the Islamic Republic of Af-ghanistan, and Justin Hicks Siberell, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Bahrain, all of the Depart-ment of State, and J. Steven Dowd, of Florida, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank. SD–419 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Fintech landscape. SD–538 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine health care, focusing on issues impacting cost and coverage. SD–215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine stabilizing premiums and helping individuals in the individual insurance market for 2018, focusing on state flexibility. SD–430 United States Senate Caucus on Inter-national Narcotics Control To hold hearings to examine adapting United States counternarcotics efforts in Colombia. SD–226 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the dynamic gains from free digital trade for the United States economy. LHOB–1100 10:15 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Daniel J. Kaniewski, of Min-nesota, to be Deputy Administrator for National Preparedness, Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and Jona-than H. Pittman, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the Dis-trict of Columbia. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-tion of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, fo-cusing on oversight of fisheries man-agement successes and challenges. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Energy To hold hearings to examine fostering in-novation, focusing on contributions of the Department of Energy’s national laboratories. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.007 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1172 September 6, 2017 
Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 SEPTEMBER 13 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine transpor-tation innovation, focusing on auto-mated trucks and our Nation’s high-ways. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine expanding and accelerating the deployment and use of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the Office of Management and Budget’s memo-randum on the Federal workforce, fo-cusing on OMB’s ongoing government- wide reorganization. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the long- term impact of immigration, focusing on exploring potential reforms to our Nation’s guest worker programs and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, and their potential impact on the American economy and local commu-nities. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold oversight hearings to examine high risk Indian programs, focusing on progress and efforts in addressing Gov-ernment Accountability Office rec-ommendations. SD–628 SEPTEMBER 14 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine nutrition programs, focusing on perspectives for the 2018 Farm Bill. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine stabilizing premiums and helping individuals in the individual insurance market for 2018, focusing on health care stake-holders. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Federal Communication Commission’s Lifeline Program, focusing on a case study of government waste and mismanage-ment. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M06SE8.000 E06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D922 Wednesday, September 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4971–S5021 Measures Introduced: Four bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1765–1768, S.J. Res. 49, and S. Con. Res. 23.
                             Page S5004 
Measures Reported: S. 1631, to authorize the Department of State for Fiscal Year 2018, with amendments. S. 1697, to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end violence and terrorism against Israeli citizens and United States Citizens, with amendments. 
                                                                                            Page S5004 
Measures Passed: Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-ate agreed to S. Con. Res. 23, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Filipino Veterans of World War II. 
                                                                                    Pages S5016–17 
Honoring Military and Contract Working Dogs: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 160, honoring the service to United States Armed Forces provided by military working dogs and contract working dogs, also known as ‘‘war dogs’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                            Page S5017 
Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act: Senate passed S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detec-tion, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young chil-dren, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S5017 
SMASH Act: Senate passed S. 849, to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S5018–19 
National Clinical Care Commission Act: Senate passed S. 920, to establish a National Clinical Care Commission, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:                                   Pages S5019–20 
Gardner (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 807, of a perfecting nature.
                                               Pages S5019–20 
Social Security Fraud Prevention Act: Senate passed H.R. 624, to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on Federal documents sent by mail.
                                                                          Page S5020 
John F. Kennedy Center Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 1359, to amend the John F. Ken-nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. 
                                                                                            Page S5020 
House Messages: Reinforcing Education Accountability in Devel-opment Act—Agreement: Senate began consider-ation of the House message to accompany H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the im-pact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such coun-tries to achieve universal access to quality basic edu-cation and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, taking action on the fol-lowing motions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S5020–21 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) to the bill with McConnell Amendment No. 808 (to the House amendment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) to the bill), in the nature of a substitute.
                   Page S5020 
McConnell Amendment No. 809 (to Amendment No. 808), to change the enactment date.
     Page S5021 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) to the bill with McConnell Amendment No. 808 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Friday, September 8, 2017. 
                                                                                    Pages S5020–21 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D923 September 6, 2017 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany the bill at approximately 10:00 a.m., on Thursday, September 7, 2017.
         Page S5021 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Katherine Brunett McGuire, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor. Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years. Randy Reeves, of Mississippi, to be Under Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for Memorial Affairs. 
                                                                                            Page S5021 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5003 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5003 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S5003 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5003–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5004–06 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S5006 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5001–02 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5006–16 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5016 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:31 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, September 7, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5021.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs approved for full committee consideration an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’. FCC LIFELINE PROGRAM Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine address-ing the risk of waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Communications Commission’s Lifeline Program, after receiving testimony from Seto Bagdoyan, Direc-tor, Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, Gov-ernment Accountability Office; Chris Nelson, South Dakota Public Utilities Commissioner, Pierre; and Deborah Collier, Citizens Against Government Waste, Jeffrey A. Eisenach, American Enterprise In-stitute, and Jessica J. Gonzalez, Free Press and Free Press Action Fund, all of Washington, D.C. U.S.-TURKEY RELATIONSHIP Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine priorities and challenges in the United States-Turkey relationship, after receiving testimony from Steven A. Cook, Council on Foreign Relations, Washington, D.C.; and Amanda Sloat, Harvard Kennedy School, Cambridge, Massachusetts. U.S. HEALTH CARE SYSTEM Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the history and current reality of the United States health care system, after receiving testimony from Melissa Thomasson, Miami University Farmer School of Business, Oxford, Ohio; Katherine Baicker, Uni-versity of Chicago Harris School of Public Policy, Chicago, Illinois; and Sabrina Corlette, Georgetown University Health Policy Institute Center on Health Insurance Reforms, Washington, D.C. STABILIZING INSURANCE PREMIUMS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine stabi-lizing premiums and helping individuals on the in-dividual insurance market for 2018, focusing on state insurance commissioners, after receiving testi-mony from John D. Doak, Oklahoma Department of Insurance, Tulsa; Mike Kreidler, Washington State Office of the Insurance Commissioner, Olympia; Julie Mix McPeak, Tennessee Department of Com-merce and Insurance, Nashville; Teresa Miller, Penn-sylvania Insurance Department, Harrisburg; and Lori Wing-Heier, Alaska Department of Commerce, Community, and Economic Development, Anchor-age. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Young, Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit, William L. Campbell, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, and Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, to be United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD924 September 6, 2017 
States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, who were both introduced by Senator Corker, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3681–3691; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 502–507, were introduced.
                Pages H7088–89 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7089–90 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2997, to transfer operation of air traffic serv-ices currently provided by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to a separate not-for-profit corporate en-tity, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–296); and H. Res. 504, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriationsfor the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–297). 
                                                                                            Page H7088 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Ross to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6657 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 182 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 444.
                                                             Pages H6657, H6694–95 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Reinforcing Education Accountability in Devel-opment Act: H. Res. 502, providing for the concur-rence by the House in the Senate amendments, with an amendment, to H.R. 601, to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assistance pro-vided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing coun-tries, to better enable such countries to achieve uni-versal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, and to eliminate duplication and waste, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 419 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 441; and
             Pages H6660–67, H6677–78 
Designating Each Car’s Automation Level Act: H.R. 3388, amended, to provide for information on highly automated driving systems to be made avail-able to prospective buyers;
                           Pages H6667–77 Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 49, United States Code, regarding the authority of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration over highly automated vehicles, to provide safety measures for such vehicles, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H6677 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:35 p.m. and re-convened at 2:15 p.m.
                                            Page H6678 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018: The House considered H.R. 3354, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, September 7th.
      Pages H6695–H7072, H7072–87 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–31, modified by Rules Com-mittee Print 115–32 and the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–295, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amend-ment under the five-minute rule.
                     Page H6849 
Agreed to: Aderholt en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295: Curbelo (No. 1) that appropriates $1.5 million for Oriental Fruit Fly research; the off-set will be Departmental Administration under the Office of the Secretary account; Graves (LA) (No. 2) that reduces the Department of Agriculture expense account by $400,000, and increases the Animal and Plant Inspection Services accounts by $400,000 to control the outbreaks of insect and plant diseases; Soto (No. 3) that increases funding for Specialty Crop Pest Program by $1,000,000 for the Huanglongbing Multi-Agency Coordination efforts; Bera (No. 4) that increases funding for Watershed Flood Prevention Operations by $2 million, with the increase intended to support the Emergency Water-shed Protection Program; Mast (No. 5) that increases Natural Resources Conservation Service by $5.6 mil-lion to FY17 appropriated level to support several programs for environmentally sustainable agriculture 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D925 September 6, 2017 
and toxic runoff mitigation; Mast (No. 6) that in-crease National Institute of Food and Agriculture by $2 million to support the Agriculture and Food Re-search Initiative’s plan to expand postdoctoral re-search, prevention and monitoring of Harmful Algal Blooms with 16 of the additional 305 fellowships re-quested in FY18; Nolan (No. 7) that increases the USDA’s Rural Broadband Program Loan Subsidy funding by $479,000, offset with a reduction to general Rural Development administrative expenses; Mast (No. 8) that increases the Center for Food Safe-ty and Applied Nutrition Hazard Analysis and Crit-ical Control Point program by $1.5 million to con-tinue research on human impact of contaminated seafood; Young (IA) (No. 9) that strikes language that would prevent the U.S. Department of Agri-culture from using Commodity Credit Corporation funds to purchase, produce, or defray the costs of al-ternative fuels under its memorandum of under-standing with the Department of Defense; Jackson Lee (No. 13) that prohibits use of funds by the Na-tional Park Service in contravention of section 320101 of title 54, United States Code which pro-vides that it is a national policy to preserve for pub-lic use historic sites, buildings, and objects of na-tional significance for the inspiration and benefit of the people of the United States, especially as it re-lates to National Heritage Areas (NHAs); Moore (No. 19) that prohibits funds from being provided to entities that contravene 42 usc 1758 (b) (10) or 7 cfr 245.8, barring recipients of federal aid from having policies that overtly identify or stigmatize certain potential recipients of school meal subsidies; and Soto (No. 20) that increases the funding of the Grassroots Source Water Protection Program by $500,000;
                                                              Pages H7035–37 
Cicilline amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that strikes language that re-stricts funding for Executive Order 13547, National Ocean Policy;
                                                       Pages H7037–38 
Rodney Davis (IL) amendment (No. 14 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prohibits the use of funds provided by the Act to be used to revoke exceptions made pursuant to the rule entitled ‘‘Ex-ceptions to Geographic Areas for Official Agencies Under the USGSA’’ on a date before April 14, 2017; 
                                                                                    Pages H7038–39 
Hartzler amendment (No. 16 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prohibits USDA from using funds to implement the Paid Lunch Equity provision in the National School Lunch Act;
          Pages H7040–41 
King (IA) amendment (No. 18 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that ensures that no funds may be used on new hires who have not been verified through the E-Verify program, except for an employee compensated under a local compensation plan established under section 408 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980;                                        Pages H7042–43 
Diaz-Balart en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295: DeSaulnier (No. 23) that adds fund-ing for the University Transportation Center pro-gram; Hanabusa (No. 24) that increases funding for Assistance to Small Shipyards by $7 million; Torres (No. 27) that provides the authorized funding level for Section 1441 for the 2015 FAST Act, the Re-gional Infrastructure Accelerator (RIA) Demonstra-tion program; Lowey (No. 30) that provides $1 mil-lion to support medical fitness standards for critical safety personnel on interstate railways; Nolan (No. 31) that reduces, and then restores funding for the Federal-State Partnership for State of Good Repair Grants by $500,000,000; Torres (No. 34) that pro-vides the authorized funding level for MAP–21 Sec-tion’s 20005(b) & FAST Act’s Section 3016 FAST Act, the Pilot Program for Transit-Oriented Devel-opment Planning; Nolan (No. 35) that reduces, and then restores funding for the Capital Investment Grant program, which is the Federal Transit Agen-cy’s primary grant program for funding major transit capital investments, including heavy rail, commuter rail, light rail, street-cars, and bus rapid transit; Vela´zquez (No. 40) that increases the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Public Housing Capital Fund by $2,000,000; Tenney (No. 41) that increases funding to the Community Development Block Grants program by $10 million and reduces the public housing operating fund allocation by $10 million; Nadler (No. 42) that increases funding for Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS by $19 million; the increase is offset by reducing the HUD Information Technology fund by the same amount; Knight (No. 43) that increases the Commu-nity Development Fund by $100,000,000; DeSaulnier (No. 45) that adds funds for Section 4 Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordable Housing program; Soto (No. 47) that in-creases funding for Housing for the Elderly by $2.5 million; and Nolan (No. 60) that restores the FAA’s Small Community Air Service Development Program at $10,000,000, which provides grant subsidies for airports in smaller rural communities looking to cre-ate or expand new air service in places where access to the national air transportation system is limited; 
                                                                                    Pages H7043–44 
Lipinski amendment (No. 21 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that decreases the Office of the Secretary of Transportation Salaries and Expenses ac-count by $9,000,000 and increases the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s Salaries and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD926 September 6, 2017 
Expenses account by the same amount for the pur-pose of expanding NHTSA’s connected and auto-mated vehicles oversight and regulatory capabilities; 
                                                                                            Page H7044 
Woodall amendment (No. 28 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that ensures greater flexibility for state departments of transportation to make tar-geted recissions;
                                                  Pages H7046–47 
Carbajal amendment (No. 37 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that provides $1,000,000 to PHMSA for the finalization of an automatic valve shut-off safety rule;
                                                   Page H7050 
Courtney amendment (No. 44 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that provides funding in the Community Development Block Grant program to examine the application of grant funds to mitigating and remediating the effects of pyrrhotite-related resi-dential damage;
                                                  Pages H7052–53 
Stivers amendment (No. 48 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that increases funding for Ad-ministrative Enforcement Initiative by reducing funding from Private Enforcement Initiative; 
                                                                                    Pages H7053–54 
Thompson (PA) amendment (No. 49 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prohibits funds to be used for establishing or collecting tolls on I-80 in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; 
                                                                                    Pages H7054–55 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 52 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that provides that the Sec-retary may make grants to State and local authorities for the purpose of undertaking capital projects; 
                                                                                    Pages H7056–58 
Herrera-Beutler amendment (No. 53 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that states no Funds can be used to establish or collect tolls on Interstate 5 or Interstate 205 in the state of Washington or Oregon;
                                                                   Pages H7058–59 
Barr amendment (No. 55 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prohibits funding for HUD’s rule on ‘‘On-Site Completion of Construction of Manufactured Homes,’’ their ‘‘Interpretative Bulletin for Model Manufactured Home Installation Standards Foundation requirements in Freezing Temperature Areas Under CFR 3285.312(b),’’ and any implemen-tation of the June 2014 memorandum titled ‘‘Con-struction of On-Site Installation of Add-Ons, such as an Attached Garage’’;
                                      Pages H7060–61 
Perry amendment (No. 57 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prohibits the use of funds for the NHTSA and FMCSA to finalize the notice of proposed rulemaking regarding speed limiting de-vices (81 Fed. Reg. 61941);
                         Pages H7061–62 
King (IA) amendment (No. 59 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that ensures that no funds may be used on new hires who have not been verified through the E–Verify program;                                                                                     Pages H7063–64 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 56 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prevents funds from being used for a State, or local government entity or official if that entity prohibits, or in any way re-stricts, any government entity or official from send-ing to, or receiving from, the Immigration and Nat-uralization Service information regarding the citizen-ship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any individual (by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 195 noes, Roll No. 455);
                       Pages H7061, H7071 
Carter (TX) en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295: Keating (No. 61) that provides funds for the FEMA National Pre-Disaster Mitiga-tion Fund to support regional-level NFIP Commu-nity Rating System coordinators; Swalwell (CA) (No. 62) that increases by $10 million the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Research and Devel-opment account for the purpose of TSA conducting evaluations and pilot testing of technology to detect intrusions on airport perimeters, offset by a $10 mil-lion reduction in the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Office of the Secretary and Executive Manage-ment account; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 64) that increases DHS Urban Areas Security Initia-tive by $5 million and reduces DHS Office of the Secretary and Executive Management Operations and Support by the same amount; Higgins (No. 65) that increases funding to the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office Federal Assistance account by $1 million to address radiological and nuclear detection training and equipment for state and local law enforcement and first responders; Delaney (No. 67) that funds the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center, Chemical Security Analysis Center, and Na-tional Urban Security Technology Laboratory and is offset by a reduction in Management Directorate, Operations and Support account; Bilirakis (No. 68) that adds $5 million for ‘‘International Investiga-tions’’ (sub account International Operations and Visa Security Program) for the purpose of Visa Secu-rity Program; it is intended to provide ICE addi-tional funds to establish 2 Visa Security Posts in high risk areas; Pascrell (No. 69) that provides $1 million for the State Fire Training Assistance Grant Program, and reduce funds for the Department of Homeland Security Management Directorate, Oper-ations and Support by $1 million; Kildee (No. 72) that adds $20 million to the SAFER Grant program (‘‘Staffing for Adequate Fire & Emergency Response Grants’’); Correa (No. 73) that reduces funding for ICE—Operations and Support (Enforcement and Re-moval Operations) by $10,000,000 and increases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D927 September 6, 2017 
funding for U.S. Customs and Border Protections (Canine Teams for drug interdiction at the Border) by the same amount; Latta (No. 79), as modified, that allows the Department of Homeland Security’s National Programs and Protection Directorate to use funds already allocated to the Department by the underlying bill to partner with rental car agencies for the purpose of strengthening background checks to guard against potential terrorists; Torres (No. 82) that prevents funds from being used in contravention of Section of 235B of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to prevent an individual who presents themselves at a port of entry to the United States from taking such actions as may be necessary for purposes of applying for asylum; Sean Patrick Malo-ney (NY) (No. 86) that prohibits funds from being used for the establishments of anchorages on the Hudson River between Yonkers, New York and Kingston, New York; and Jackson Lee (No. 89) that prohibits the use of funds to limit the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security to enhance the use of Federal air marshals on inbound international flights considered to be high risk by the Department of Homeland Security;
                                    Pages H7072–74 
Michelle Lujan Girsham (NM) amendment (No. 63 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prioritizes funding within the DHS Office of the Secretary to complete a study on the treatment of detainees and the conditions of private detention centers;
                                                                    Pages H7074–75 
Fitzpatrick amendment (No. 70 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that increases funding to the Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspec-tor General, to meet their budgetary request, so they may fully execute their mission of rectifying fraud, waste, and abuse;
                                                       Page H7076 
Zeldin amendment (No. 85 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that lifts the ban on striped bass fishing in the Block Island Transit Zone between Montauk, NY and Block Island, RI; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7085–86 
King (IA) amendment (No. 88 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295), as modified, that ensures that no funds be used on new hires who have not been verified through the E–Verify program. 
                                                                                    Pages H7086–87 
Rejected: Mitchell amendment (No. 22 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to reduce by 10% general administrative and departmental salary and expense accounts in Division H, and transfers the savings to the Spending Reduction Account; 
                                                                                    Pages H7044–45 
King (IA) amendment (No. 15 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to ensure that no funds are used to implement, administer, or enforce the Davis-Bacon Act (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 445);     Pages H7039–40, H7064–65 
Carter (GA) amendment (No. 17 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to prohibit funds from being used by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration to finalize, implement, or enforce the draft standard memorandum of understanding made available for public comment on February 19, 2015, entitled ‘‘Draft Memorandum of Understanding Ad-dressing Certain Distributions of Compounded Human Drug Products Between the State of [Insert State] and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’’ (by a recorded vote of 141 ayes to 279 noes, Roll No. 446);
                                                 Pages H7041–42, H7065 
McClintock amendment (No. 25 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to reduce funding for the Essential Air Service program by $150 mil-lion and apply the savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 140 ayes to 280 noes, Roll No. 447);
                                 Pages H7045–46, H7065–66 
Budd amendment (No. 32 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to eliminate a $900 million allocation for the upgrade of an Amtrak rail line between Newark and New York City by in-creasing funding for national New Starts Projects by $400 million and applying savings from the elimi-nation of the TIGER Grant program to deficit re-duction (by a recorded vote of 159 ayes to 260 noes, Roll No. 448);
                                 Pages H7047–49, H7066–67 
Brooks (AL) amendment (No. 33 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to defund Am-trak (by a recorded vote of 128 ayes to 293 noes, Roll No. 449);
                                       Pages H7049–50, H7067 
Rosen amendment (No. 38 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to increase funding for the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation (NeighborWorks America) by $35M, bringing total NeighborWorks appropriations to the same level as FY16 (by a recorded vote of 200 ayes to 220 noes, Roll No. 450);
                                 Pages H7050–52, H7067–68 
Grothman amendment (No. 39 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to decrease the funding for the Public and Indian Housing Tenant- Based Rental Assistance Program by $177,362,500, excluding veterans, elderly, and the disabled (by a recorded vote of 124 ayes to 295 noes, Roll No. 451);
                                                           Pages H7052, H7068–69 
Grothman amendment (No. 46 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to decrease fund-ing for the Project-Based Rental Assistance Housing Program by $266,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 139 ayes to 282 noes, Roll No. 452); 
                                                                            Pages H7053, H7069 
King (IA) amendment (No. 51 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to ensure that no funds are used to implement, administer, or enforce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD928 September 6, 2017 
the Davis-Bacon Act (by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 453);
     Pages H7055–56, H7069–70 
Grothman amendment (No. 54 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to reduce the funding level for the Department of Housing and Urban Development by two percent (by a recorded vote of 140 ayes to 280 noes, Roll No. 454); 
                                                                Pages H7059–60, H7070–71 
Babin amendment (No. 58 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to prohibit funds from being used to implement or enforce the Elec-tronic Logging Device (ELD) mandate (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 456); 
                                                                Pages H7062–63, H7071–72 
Jayapal amendment (No. 66 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to strike the $535 million increase for ICE enforcement and adds $30 million to ICE’s Office of the Inspector General and $10 million to the Department’s Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties; and
                  Pages H7075–76 
Torres amendment (No. 78 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to strike Section 209 of Division E, which grants the Secretary of Home-land Security authority to reprogram or transfer funds for the purpose of detaining aliens prioritized for removal.
                                                          Pages H7081–82 
Withdrawn: Kildee amendment (No. 26 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for the HOME Investment Partnerships Program by $100 million, reduced FAA Operations/Air Traf-fic Control by the same amount; and
             Page H7046 
Soto amendment (No. 36 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have increased funding for the Small Starts program by $48 million.
            Page H7050 
Point of Order sustained against: Representative Goodlatte raised a point of order against the content of the measure. Representative Goodlatte stated that the measure sought to change existing law and constituted legislation on an appro-priations bill in violation of clause 2 of rule 21. The Chair sustained the point of order.
                  Page H7035 
Representative Hensarling raised a point of order against the content of the measure. Representative Hensarling stated that the measure sought to change existing law and constituted legislation on an appro-priations bill in violation of clause 2 of rule 21. The Chair sustained the point of order.
                  Page H7035 
Representative Hensarling raised a point of order against the content of the measure. Representative Hensarling stated that the measure sought to change existing law and constituted legislation on an appro-priations bill in violation of clause 2 of rule 21. The Chair sustained the point of order. Subsequently, Representative Waters appealed the ruling of the Chair. The question was then put on sustaining the ruling of the Chair, and by voice vote it was agreed that the decision of the Chair shall stand as the judgement of the Committee.                             Page H7035 
Proceedings Postponed: Castro (TX) amendment (No. 71 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that seeks to increase fund-ing for the CBP Camera Technology Initiative; 
                                                                                    Pages H7076–77 
Roybal-Allard amendment (No. 74 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that seeks to reduce fund-ing for ICE—Operations and Support (Enforcement and Removal Operations) by $849,500,000 and in-creases funding for Coast Guard—Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements (Polar Icebreaker) by the same amount;
                                                Page H7077–78 
Castro (TX) amendment (No. 75 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that seeks to increase fund-ing for ICE to incorporate body-worn cameras; 
                                                                                    Pages H7078–80 
Correa amendment (No. 76 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that seeks to reduce funding for ICE—Operations and Support (Enforcement and Re-moval Operations) by $100,000,000 and increase funding for Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements (cutters for drug interdiction) by the same amount;
                                                      Page H7080 
Hunter amendment (No. 77 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that seeks to transfer $5 million dollars from the Coast Guard’s Operations Expenses to its Research, Development, Test and Evaluation Account, for the purpose of supporting Coast Guard Icebreaker sea trials;
                                         Pages H7080–81 
King (IA) amendment (No. 80 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295), as modified, that seeks to en-sure that no funds are used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce the Davis-Bacon Act;
    Pages H7082–83 
Castro (TX) amendment (No. 81 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that seeks to prohibit the use of privatized immigration detention facilities; and
                                                                            Pages H7083–84 
Jayapal amendment (No. 84 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that seeks to prohibit funding from being used to expand or build new detention facilities.
                                                                 Pages H7084–85 
H. Res. 500, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 443, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 442. 
                                                                                    Pages H6678–94 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in memory of the victims of Hurricane Harvey.
                                                                           Page H7065 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D929 September 6, 2017 
Senate Referral: S. 1107 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H6660. Quorum Calls Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and thirteen recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H6677, H6693–94, H6694, H6694–95, H7064–65, H7065, H7065–66, H7066–67, H7067, H7067–68, H7068–69, H7069, H7069–70, H7070–71, H7071, and H7071–72. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:32 a.m. on Thursday, September 7, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
THE SHARING ECONOMY: CREATING OPPORTUNITIES FOR INNOVATION AND FLEXIBILITY Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Sharing Econ-omy: Creating Opportunities for Innovation and Flexibility’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. POWERING AMERICA: REEVALUATING PURPA’S OBJECTIVES AND ITS EFFECTS ON TODAY’S CONSUMERS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: Reevaluating PURPA’s Objectives and its Effects on Today’s Consumers’’. Testimony was heard from Darwin Baas, Director, Department of Public Works, Kent County, Michigan; Kristine Raper, Commissioner, Idaho Public Utilities Commission; and public witnesses. EPA OVERSIGHT: UNIMPLEMENTED INSPECTOR GENERAL AND GAO RECOMMENDATIONS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Oversight: Unimplemented Inspector General and GAO Recommendations’’. Testimony was heard from Alfredo Go´mez, Director, Natural Resources and Environment, Government Accountability Of-fice; and Alan S. Larsen, Counsel to the Inspector General, Environmental Protection Agency. LOW COST, HIGH IMPACT: COMBATTING THE FINANCING OF LONE-WOLF AND SMALL-SCALE TERRORIST ATTACKS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Low Cost, High Impact: Combatting the Financing of Lone-Wolf and Small-Scale Terrorist Attacks’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 2661, the ‘‘State Mineral Revenue Protection Act’’; H.R. 2907, the ‘‘Planning for American Energy Act’’; and H.R. 3565, the ‘‘Federal Land Freedom Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee concluded a hear-ing on H.R. 3354, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’ [Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for further consideration of H.R. 3354. The rule provides that no further general debate shall be in order. The rule makes in order only those further amendments print-ed in the Rules Committee report, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolution, and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 500. Each further amendment printed in the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amend-ments described in section 4 of House Resolution 500, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the further amendments printed in the report or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolution. The rule provides that it shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee to offer further amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier dis-posed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 500, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte and Representatives Calvert, McCollum, Culberson, Serrano, Graves of Georgia, Quigley, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD930 September 6, 2017 
Cole, DeLauro, Polis, Lee, Barr, Blumenauer, Coff-man, Heck, Crawford, Jackson Lee, Langevin, Grif-fith, Plaskett, Jenkins of West Virginia, O’Rourke, Lewis of Minnesota, Raskin, Murphy of Pennsyl-vania, Scott of Virginia, Perry, Titus, Rohrabacher, and Maxine Waters of California. EXAMINING THE SCIENTIFIC AND OPERATIONAL INTEGRITY OF EPA’S IRIS PROGRAM Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Scientific and Operational Integrity of EPA’s IRIS Program’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXPEDITING ECONOMIC GROWTH: HOW STREAMLINING FEDERAL PERMITTING CAN CUT RED TAPE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Expediting Economic Growth: How Streamlining Federal Permitting Can Cut Red Tape for Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISSING FROM THE LABOR FORCE: EXAMINING DECLINING EMPLOYMENT AMONG WORKING-AGE MEN Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Human Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Missing from the Labor Force: Examining Declining Employ-ment among Working-Age Men’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. DETERMINING ELIGIBILITY FOR DISABILITY BENEFITS: CHALLENGES FACING THE SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Determining Eligibility for Disability Benefits: Challenges Facing the Social Security Administration’’. Testimony was heard from Bea Disman, Acting Chief of Staff, Social Security Administration; Kathryn Larin, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to con-sider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1463, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the inde-pendent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, and the nominations of Joseph Otting, of Ne-vada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, and Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Reappointment), and to be Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine evaluating sanctions enforcement and policy options on North Korea, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Joseph Balash, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor, both of the Department of the Interior, and Richard Glick, of Virginia, and Kevin J. McIntyre, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the Children’s Health Insurance Program, focusing on the path forward, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine stabilizing premiums and help-ing individuals in the individual insurance market for 2018, focusing on governors, 9 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold over-sight hearings to examine Federal infrastructure permit-ting and the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and the nominations of Kurt G. Alme, to be United States Attorney for the District of Montana, Don-ald Q. Cochran, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee, Russell M. Coleman, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Ken-tucky, Bart M. Davis, to be United States Attorney for the District of Idaho, Robert J. Higdon, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of North Caro-lina, Brian J. Kuester, to be United States Attorney for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D931 September 6, 2017 the Eastern District of Oklahoma, and R. Trent Shores, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Oklahoma, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be imme-diately followed by a closed briefing to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Navy Readiness—Underlying Problems Associated with the USS Fitzgerald and USS John S. McCain’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘The Broadcast Incentive Auction: Update on Repacking Op-portunities and Challenges’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals for a More Efficient Federal Finan-cial Regulatory Regime’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and In-vestment, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Financial In-dustry Regulatory Authority’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Maintaining U.S. Influence in South Asia: The FY 2018 Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of State Counterterrorism Bureau: The FY 2018 Budget’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 2142, the ‘‘International Narcotics Traf-ficking Emergency Response by Detecting Incoming Contraband with Technology Act’’; H.R. 3101, the ‘‘Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3551, to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3669, the ‘‘Securing General Aviation and Commer-cial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Pro-tection, hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges of Recruiting and Retaining a Cybersecurity Workforce’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3229, to protect the safety of judges by extending the authority of the Judicial Conference to redact sen-sitive information contained in their financial disclosure reports, and for other purposes; H.R. 620, the ‘‘ADA Education and Reform Act of 2017’’; and H. Res. 488, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and direct-ing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Di-rector James Comey, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Shipment of Illicit Drugs in Inter-national Mail’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Private Sector Lunar Explo-ration’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining the Small Business Labor Market’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 479, of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax return information of President Donald J. Trump as well as the tax returns of each business entity disclosed by Donald J. Trump on his Office of Government Ethics Form 278e, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\D06SE7.REC D06SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD932 September 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, September 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the House message to accompany H.R. 601, Re-inforcing Education Accountability in Development Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, September 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Continue consideration of H.R. 3354—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E1169 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1166, E1170 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1169 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1169 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1168 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1167 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1165 Gowdy, Trey, S.C., E1168 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1169 Himes, James A., Conn., E1165 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E1167 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E1165, E1170 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1167 Keating, William R., Mass., E1167 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E1171 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1168 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1169 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E1165, E1168, E1170 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1170 Rice, Tom, S.C., E1167 Roby, Martha, Ala., E1170 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1171 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1166 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1166 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1165 Soto, Darren, Fla., E1165, E1170 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1169 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:22 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06SE7.REC D06SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST