Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the bravery and courage of so many men who sacrificed everything on Dday. At 5:52 in the morning on June 6, 1944, in a position about 4,000 yards from Omaha Beach, one of the oldest ships in the U.S. Navy, a World War I battleship, the USS Arkansas, opened fire on German positions at Omaha Beach in support of more than 30,000 American soldiers tasked with securing the beachhead. The countless heroes who stormed the beaches of Normandy on that fateful day 73 years ago will never be forgotten. I had the honor of visiting this hallowed ground over Memorial Day, and while I was paying tribute to the brave soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice at the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial, an older Frenchman by the name of Mr. Vonclair approached me simply wanting to honor his liberators. He said that he just wanted to thank an American. He was 10 years old when Dday occurred, and he will never forget how the United States of America came to his and so many others’ aid in the liberation of Europe from the Nazi menace. Mr. Vonclair’s love for America and our GIs speaks volumes about the goodwill and exceptional character of our great Nation. It is a privilege to offer my sincere tribute to the brave men who laid down their lives in the defense of those French and American shared convictions of liberty, equality, and fraternity. RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT ROBERT DALE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of one of Arkansas’ finest, Staff Sergeant Robert Dale Van Fossen of Greenbrier, Arkansas. On November 22, 1952, a Douglas C–124A Globemaster II took off from McChord Air Base in Tacoma, Washington, headed for Elmendorf Air Force Base near Anchorage. Staff Sergeant Robert Dale Van Fossen, along with 51 others, was onboard. And near Middleton Island, in the Gulf of Alaska, the plane disappeared. Eight days after the plane’s disappearance, part of the wreckage was located some 50 miles east of Anchorage. Unfortunately, a week into the search, the recovery team had to call off the effort due to weather conditions. The families of the victims were notified they would not have any remains to bury. Finally, in March 2016, after 64 years and extensive recovery efforts, Staff Sergeant Van Fossen’s remains were confirmed found and returned to his home in Heber Springs, Arkansas. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to the family of Staff Sergeant Van Fossen and hope that they are now able to find peace that he is finally home and in his final resting place. CONWAY BIKESHARE PROGRAM  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, last month we recognized National Bike Month and the many bicycling benefits that we have as citizens. I rise today to recognize the city of Conway, Arkansas, for its installation of their successful public bikesharing program and to emphasize its leading example of advocacy for an active lifestyle. As a longtime biker, I am pleased to see the city work to provide an alternative and convenient source of transportation for residents of Conway to help relieve congestion and promote a healthier city. As a former board member of the Bicycle Advocacy of Central Arkansas, I am glad to see Conway’s bikesharing program as one more step on the path towards fulfilling the mayor’s vision of a vibrant, healthy, and bike friendly city. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of a great Arkansan, a longtime Conway resident, and one of the pillars of the Conway Corporation, Mr. Richie Arnold. Mr. Arnold is retiring from his post as CEO after 39 years with the company. He hails from Harrison and is a University of Arkansas graduate with a degree in accounting. He joined Conway Corporation as a manager of data processing before becoming manager of finance and accounting and then ultimately the chief executive officer in 1998. During his tenure at Conway Corporation, he always worked to keep the 
company ahead of the curve and was responsible for transitioning the utility to full computerization. Mr. Arnold was instrumental in assisting Conway Corporation in leading a path to diversifying services by adding new services for the citizens, such as digital cable, internet, telephone, security services, and water. Mr. Arnold recently earned a national recognition after being listed in the ‘‘Regional 50’’ in Cablefax magazine. My congratulations and best wishes for Mr. Arnold’s future endeavors. 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MR . 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Herman Higgs, a World War II veteran who celebrated his 100th birthday last month. Born in Calhoun County, Arkansas, Herman was drafted into the Army and served the entire span of World War II, including as a POW in the last year. He was a platoon sergeant of a transportation convoy that was captured in December 1944 during the Battle of the Bulge. In the spring of 1945, Patton’s army arrived, and Herman was freed, along with other American GIs and the Jewish prisoners who had survived the atrocities of the Third Reich. He was granted an honorable discharge a few months later and returned to Calhoun County, where he served 29 years as a police officer and 24 years as a U.S. marshal. The city of North Little Rock, Arkansas, dedicated May 13 as Herman Higgs Day. Herman’s example is one that all Americans and Arkansans can admire, and I would like to extend my congratulations to Herman for his life of service and this remarkable milestone of a centennial birthday. 
HONORING DR. GAIL CARBERRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the accomplishments of Dr. Gail Carberry of Quinsigamond Community College in Worcester, Massachusetts, who will be retiring after a decade of tireless service to the QCC family and over 40 years of inspiring students across the Commonwealth. From early on, Dr. Carberry recognized the impact one committed teacher can make in a young person’s life. She understands at her core that community colleges present a transformative opportunity for students to be recognized for their talents and encouraged toward their goals. Dr. Carberry is a passionate advocate for expanding access to the opportunities that community colleges can provide. Because of Dr. Carberry’s conviction that every student can achieve, QCC implemented a high school dropout prevention program, and Dr. Carberry personally endowed over $200,000 in scholarships for local community college students. She diversified the students, faculty, and staff populations to better reflect the community and implemented awardwinning STEM programs to prepare students for the rapidly changing 21st century workplace. In keeping with her desire to equip her students with the skills they need to compete in the modern workforce, Dr. Carberry successfully opened a 72,000squarefoot campus in downtown Worcester dedicated to the college’s healthcare program, which not only addressed the needs of QCC students, but reinvigorated a large portion of downtown Worcester. As a result of Dr. Carberry’s leadership, QCC has become a leading institution of higher learning in Massachusetts. This year, QCC graduated almost double the number of students it did only 10 years ago. Dr. Carberry has exceeded fundraising goals and has increased enrollment by nearly 40 percent. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the city of Worcester, on behalf of the people of Massachusetts, and most importantly of all, on behalf of the students she has helped to achieve their dreams, I want to say thank you to Dr. Gail Carberry. We all owe her a heartfelt debt of gratitude and wish her great satisfaction in her endeavors to come. f 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, while our Nation faces many challenges, perhaps none is more pressing than that of growing our economy. The positive impact of strong, sustained economic growth has the potential not only to help families make ends meet, but it will also address the many other pressures we face. The time is now for Congress and this administration to act on meaningful tax reform. The model is simple and straightforward. We need to simplify the ridiculously complex Internal Revenue Code, eliminate the loopholes that allow corporations and individuals to avoid paying their fair share, lower the rates for middle class families and small businesses, and broaden the tax base. As a certified public accountant, an independent voice for the people of Bucks and Montgomery Counties, I intend to push vehemently to make tax reform a reality in this Congress. Moreover, this can and must be a bipartisan priority. A 1.5 percent growth in GDP is simply unsustainable. If that trend continues, we will not be able to fund priorities such as bolstering our national security, taking care of our veterans, combating the addiction crisis, funding public education, preserving our environment, and a whole host of other priorities. Economic growth has three essential aspects: tax reform, regulatory reform, and a balanced budget. The REINS Act and the upcoming vote on the CHOICE Act will start this process on the regulatory side, which will revive the ability of community banks to support local economies and advance infrastructure investment that puts Americans back to work by rebuilding roads, schools, bridges, as well as our IT infrastructure and the electrical grid. The other critical component is tax reform, and we owe it to the American people to get this done. I call on my good colleagues from both sides to put politics aside and do what we were sent here to do, and that is to stand up for hardworking families and unleash the power of the American economy. TYPE 1 DIABETES  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, over a million Americans, including 200,000 young Americans, are living with type 1 diabetes, an autoimmune disease in which a person’s pancreas stops producing insulin. This disease is fatal without strict adherence to a regimented schedule of multiple daily insulin injections or continuous pump infusions, along with close monitoring of blood glucose levels. My constituent Aislinn Keenan was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when she was just 2 years old. She does not remember a day when she did not need to lance her finger multiple times a day to check her blood sugar or receive insulin injections. Despite these challenges, Aislinn and her family serve as an inspiration to all those facing this disease. Through courage and perseverance, they refuse to let type 1 diabetes stand in their way. Aislinn just finished her sophomore year at Villanova University. The Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation projects that 5 million Americans will have type 1 diabetes by 2050, including 600,000 young people, yet only onethird of the people with type 1 diabetes are achieving safe blood glucose levels. Accordingly, I am urging my colleagues to fully fund the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. Presently, there is no way to prevent type 1 diabetes and no cure for it once diagnosed. Only through robust funding and exhaustive research at the NIH can we continue to drive scientific progress to make the lives of those living with type 1 diabetes safer and healthier. 
b1215 HONORING SPECIALIST KERRY M.G. DANYLUK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell you about the new Army Specialist Kerry M.G. Danyluk Memorial in Yoakum, Texas, which was unveiled last week on Memorial Day. 
This new memorial, planned and funded by the Yoakum Rotary Club, honors Yoakum High School and Victoria College graduate Kerry Danyluk, who made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation on April 15, 2014. Assigned to the 10th Mountain Division based at Fort Drum, New York, 27 yearold Army Specialist Danyluk was serving his second tour of duty in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. While conducting operations in the Logar province, enemy forces attacked Specialist Danyluk’s unit with small arms fire, critically wounding him. Despite an evacuation to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany, Specialist Danyluk succumbed to his injuries. Danyluk’s awards include the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, and more. Thanks to the generous actions of the Yoakum Rotary Club, Specialist Danyluk’s memory will live on. A special thankyou is also due all involved in helping plan and implement the memorial. I am honored to represent communities like Yoakum and many others that are so grateful to those who serve our Nation. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of my constituents, James McMinn, who serves as the assistant athletic director and head girls basketball coach at Flour Bluff High School and was recently named the AllSouth Texas Coach of the Year. Born and raised in Corpus Christi, Texas, Coach McMinn graduated from W. B. Ray High School in 1981 and continued his education at Del Mar College and Corpus Christi State University, now Texas A&M University Corpus Christi. Coach McMinn started his career at my alma mater, Incarnate Word Academy in Corpus Christi, and he coached the Lady Angels to two separate State appearances. He began working in Flour Bluff in the fall of 1993 and recently concluded his 27th year as head basketball coach. Over that 27year career, he accumulated an impressive record. His teams have advanced to postseason play 19 of those 27 seasons. He has taken the Lady Hornets to the regional tournament five times and advanced to the State tournament final four in the 2016–2017 season. Congratulations, Coach McMinn, on your outstanding coaching achievements. I hope you have continued success at Flour Bluff and all of your future endeavors. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize four outstanding high school students from the 27th District of Texas who will be delegates to the Congress of the Future Medical Leaders and Congress of the Future Science and Technology Leaders later this month. Britney Goodwin, a junior at RockportFulton High School, excels in science and technology and was nominated for the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders for her academic achievement, leadership potential, and passion for science and technology. Austin Thompson from Callallen High School, Nicole Morrison, a student at Incarnate Word Academy, and John Handleman from Corpus Christi will all be delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. These students were nominated by their teachers for their academic success and their desire to become future STEM leaders and medical professionals. Our country needs more doctors. Our country needs more science, technology, and mathematics students to continue the technological revolution and continued innovation that our country needs. Congratulations, Britney, Austin, Nicole, and John. America is proud of you all. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, God of the Universe, for giving us another day. As the various Members of this people’s House return, we ask Your blessing upon each as they resume the difficult responsibilities that await them. Give each the wisdom and good judgment needed to give credit to the office they have been honored by their constituents to fill. Bless the work of all who serve in their various capacities here in the United States Capitol. Bless all those who visit the Capitol this very day, be they American citizens or visitors or guests of our Nation. May they be inspired by this monument to the noble idea of human freedom and its guarantee by the experiment that is the United States’ democratic Republic. God bless America, and may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
NATIONAL DAIRY MONTH (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the great men and women and their families that drive Minnesota’s dairy industry. This month is National Dairy Month. In fact, considering the amount of milk and other dairy products we consume on a daily basis in the United States and beyond, one could argue that we already remember and recognize our dairy farmers every day. In Minnesota, our dairy farmers produce nearly 10 billion pounds of milk each year. Our dairy farmers, along with their industry colleagues across the country, not only bring billions of dollars to our economy, they are vital to a strong and healthy population. Our dairy farmers work extremely hard. Many, in addition to their dairy operation, have to maintain a job off the farm to make ends meet. So, during National Dairy Month, when you drink a glass of milk, have a milkfilled bowl of cereal, eat a piece of cheese or that cup of yogurt, let’s stop and remember the hardworking men and women of our dairy industry and their importance to our economy and their commitment to our health. 
BIASED JOURNALISM IS UNACCEPTABLE (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, many years ago I received an undergraduate degree in journalism, was a reporter on a daily newspaper, and taught journalism for 1 year. In those years, there was a clear separation between the front page and the editorial page. I don’t believe I have ever read a more biased, partisan, opinionated 
paragraph in a ‘‘news’’ story than one that was on the front page of yesterday’s Washington Post. Philip Rucker does not now deserve the title of journalist but, instead, should be referred to as a Democratic or leftwing hack. He wrote that a traditional President would have reacted carefully ‘‘to the London attacks by instilling calm, being judicious . . . and appealing to the country’s better angels.’’ Instead, he accused President Trump of reacting ‘‘impulsively . . . stroking panic and fear, being indiscrete with details . . . and capitalizing on it to advocate for one of his more polarizing policies and to advance a personal feud.’’ Apparently, Mr. Rucker is so blinded by hatred for the President he cannot see straight and has written one of the most unfair, onesided articles I have ever read in a ‘‘news’’ story in what used to be a newspaper. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF REUNIFICATION OF JERUSALEM (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, on the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem and on behalf of Hoosiers from Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District, I rise today to send my prayers and best wishes to the Jewish state. It is our hope that the special relationship between America and Israel continues to be strengthened and to grow. Israel is our most important friend in that region of the world and among America’s strongest allies anywhere in the world. On this anniversary, let it be reaffirmed that Indiana and America stand with Israel. The Holy City is a place of prayer for all people, and this day provides us with an opportunity to pray for the Jewish state. May it remain a beacon of light, representing democracy and freedom, and may peace and prosperity reign for its people. The eternal capital of the State of Israel, Jerusalem, is also a seat of parliament; and from one representative body to another, we say ‘‘Shalom’’ and ‘‘God bless.’’ Our prayers are with Israel today, tomorrow, and always. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
JUNE5, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to Section 603 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub. L. 114–323), I am pleased to appoint the following individual to the Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission: Mr. Pete Gallego of Alpine, Texas Thank you for your attention to this appointment. Sincerely, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
b1633 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 4 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. I thank the Democratic and Republican leaders who introduced this resolution condemning the violence of the security detail at the Turkish Embassy here in the Nation’s Capital. I am not surprised at the bipartisan nature of this resolution coming from the top of Congress about the right to protest peacefully in our country. This was an assault, after all, not only on the protesters, but on one of our most important American values: the right to assemble and use the First Amendment to protest. Mr. Speaker, we must persist because I do not recall a demonstration like this. It was witnessed by the chief of police himself, Peter Newsham, and he, himself, is an eyewitness who declared that these protesters were all peaceful. There were also videos of the nonviolent protesters being assaulted. Now, the United States and the protesters deserve an appropriate response from the Turkish Government. Instead, we received a farfetched shifting of blame from Turkey. That makes it all the more important because the shifting of the blame will lead some to believe that we are responsible for what happened. Actually, we need to protest in the strongest terms because it turns out that this is part of a pattern. A similar incident occurred about a half dozen years ago at the United Nations, same head of state, same thugs attacking peaceful protesters. Last year—just this past year—there was an attack on journalists outside of The Brookings Institution. So if we don’t tell them it is time to stop when we have had the third attack, they will persist. That is for sure. We know who these security details are. They couldn’t have gotten into the country accompanying a head of state without telling us who they are. Moreover, two of them were arrested, so we have their names. I have written the Secretary of State, Mr. Tillerson, to ask him to bar the reentry of these security personnel; to hold them if they are still here; and to request information on whether they are entitled to immunity, and if they are, to have this immunity waived. We will not let the Turkish thugs who took on our protesters unprovoked hide behind immunity. It can be waived if it is present. It should be waived. These security personnel should be charged and prosecuted under U.S. law. Imagine, we would have done precisely the same if some of our security had behaved in this fashion in Turkey. There will be no justice to the citizens exercising their First Amendment rights who were stomped, kicked, and seriously injured until they and our country are vindicated with an appropriate response from the Turkish Government. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. SARBANES ), my good friend. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 354, which forcefully condemns the shocking assault carried out here on American soil, here in our Nation’s Capital, by trained paramilitary agents of the Turkish Presidential security force against a peaceful assembly of protesters who were exercising their First Amendment rights to freedom of speech. Video footage offers evidence that President Erdogan sanctioned the attack, and then calmly sat back to watch as his bodyguards carried it out. 
b1645 Each of us in this Chamber must ask the question: What sort of foreign leader invited for an official visit by the President of the United States would conduct himself in such a reprehensible manner and would show such contempt for America’s commitment to human rights and civil liberties? Make no mistake. This is the same man who has ordered mass incarcerations in his own country, who persecutes dissenters and jails democratically elected officials, and who locks up journalists on a whim. In fact, he is the number one jailer of journalists in the world. The assault on innocent protesters in the streets of Washington, D.C., is entirely consistent with the impulses of an autocratic Turkey. It has unmasked President Erdogan for the bully that he is and offers Americans a teachable moment on the character of official Turkey. It reflects a deeply imbedded reflex that, in the modern era, has brought the world, among other things, the unlawful invasion and occupation of Cyprus, the Armenian genocide, and the violent repression of the Kurdish people. This incident demands more than just the prosecution of Erdogan’s security personnel or the expulsion of the Turkish Ambassador or the strong condemnation of Erdogan himself, all of which should happen. It is time for a complete reevaluation of the U.S. relationship with Turkey. We cannot pretend that it is business as usual with a foreign leader that has attacked our Nation’s most cherished democratic values on our very own soil. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, this has been painful not only for the protesters, it is painful for our country because Turkey is an ally. We have our differences with Turkey, but we are dependent on Turkey for security matters. If this had never happened before, perhaps we could say that Turkey just doesn’t understand how we operate in this country. The fact that it was the third incident makes it particularly bothersome. Now, we are aware how sensitive this matter is. You cannot deal with a foreign adversary who happens to be an ally at the same time as if he were simply the enemy or our opponent. We have to understand the sensibilities of operating in the international sphere. But it is clear that Turkey doesn’t understand that. I was particularly concerned that Mr. Erdogan was in his car the entire time. He could have gotten out of his car and called attention to his security detail. He could have asked a staff member to do the very same thing. Instead, he stayed in his car, got out after the security detail from the D.C. police department had calmed things, stood there and had nothing to say. If we let this third incident go by with no response or accept—or even seem to accept—the Turkish response, that will be a signal to keep it up. So I am so pleased that my good friend on the other side and I are in unison on this. I am particularly pleased that this was not a resolution introduced by me or by my good friend, that this resolution was introduced by top leaders on the Republican and the Democratic side. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), who is the Democratic whip of the House. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Representative from the District of Columbia, Ms. NORTON , for yielding. I want to thank Mr. ROYCE for his continuing principled and focused leadership on issues that relate to foreign policy, that relate to human rights, and that relate to international law. I appreciate very much his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that I was able to join with the majority leader, Mr. MCCARTHY , my friend, in sponsoring this resolution. It is an appropriate response to the terrible actions that were taken by security officers protecting Mr. Erdogan on his visit here. I rise in support of this resolution, which I am proud to have introduced along with the majority leader, Ranking Member ENGEL , and Chairman ROYCE . The assault on nonviolent demonstrators here in our Nation’s Capital on May 16 by Turkish security personnel was an outrage. Our resolution makes it clear: the United States will not tolerate violence against peaceful protesters on our shores, and those responsible must face justice. Turkey remains a critical NATO ally, but I am, nevertheless, extremely concerned, Mr. Speaker, by the fact that this is the third such incident in recent years, marking a pattern of violence by Turkish security personnel in the United States—unacceptable. Senator JOHNMCCAIN—I won’t quote him, but his response was very direct and very basic. He, too, said this was unacceptable behavior, and he even suggested that perhaps the Turkish Ambassador ought to leave. I do not suggest that, but I do suggest the conduct must change. It is unacceptable. Our resolution calls on the State Department to take appropriate actions to ensure that the Turkish Government understands that we will not allow this to happen again. There must be consequences to this unprovoked attack on peaceful American citizens in their own country, and those responsible should be charged and prosecuted by the United States. It should be clear to Turkey and to all nations that we will oppose any attempt to suppress dissent or the freedom of speech. That is why that is in the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States because our Founding Fathers and, frankly, those who follow Western values—and, yes, some Eastern values—believe that free speech is absolutely the sine qua non— an absolute essential—for democracy to succeed and to flourish. I want to thank Mr. ROYCE again for his principled leadership. I want to thank Ms. NORTON , and I want to thank the members of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their work on this resolution. I urge every Member of this House to join not only in passing it but sending this strong message not only to our Turkish allies but to all those who would come to these shores and understand that our citizens may well have something to say. They may say it with signs, they may say it with their voices, and they may say it by standing someplace in proximity; one of the facets of America is that they have the right to do that, and those who visit our shores must honor that right. Support this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the remaining time for the minority will be controlled by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ). There was no objection. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. I want to thank Mr. HOYER , the gentleman from Maryland. Let me start by thanking the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ROYCE of California, for authoring this legislation and working to bring it to this floor. By now we have seen the footage. We went to the film and saw the footage of Turkish thugs attacking peaceful protesters during President Erdogan’s visit to Washington a few weeks ago. It is bad enough when we see governments anywhere crack down on basic rights like the freedom of assembly or expression. It is bad enough to see that sort of oppression in the streets of Ankara or Istanbul, but it is becoming more and more common as Turkey slips towards authoritarianism. But to see that on the streets of Washington, D.C., is absolutely unacceptable—especially at the hands of foreign government officials who are guests in our country. We cannot allow these actions to remain unnoticed and to trample on our constitutional rights. We know that President Erdogan was never in danger. He simply decided to treat Americans the way he treats his own people. His guards even had the nerve to attack law enforcement officials who were protecting him and his delegation. This behavior cannot stand, and the resolution before us sends a clear, decisive message that Congress won’t tolerate it. The State Department must do whatever it takes to make sure that this does not happen again, and those responsible for these heinous acts must be held accountable. Charges must be filed and pursued. 
I am glad to support this measure that puts the House on record saying that we won’t stand for this type of bully who attacks American citizens and American democracy. Mr. Speaker, free speech, free assembly, and free expression are at the core of any democracy across the world. Turkey is certainly a partner and an ally, and it is deeply concerning to see the steady erosion of democracy in that country. But we cannot tolerate that sort of behavior here in our country. When you are in the United States, you play by our rules, and that means obeying our laws and respecting our values. Those responsible for violence against American citizens should face the consequences. Otherwise, what is to stop them from doing this once again? Mr. Speaker, I support this measure, and I urge all my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The violent attacks, Mr. Speaker, by officers assigned to Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail against peaceful protesters back on May 16 were designed to do one thing. They were designed to silence those protesters’ criticism of the Turkish Government. That is why it is so important that we speak out. We must speak loudly and clearly that we will protect our citizens and their fundamental rights to free speech and to assembly. Turkey is an important and longstanding NATO ally, but the Turkish Government can and should do better than this, and it can start by addressing the concerns of the House of Representatives and many Americans who were very angered by the video capturing this disgraceful attack on these citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 354, which condemns the violence, on American soil, against peaceful protestors outside the residence of the Turkish Ambassador to the United States and calls for the perpetrators to be brought to justice. On May 16, 2017, the President hosted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey for an official meeting at the White House to discuss counterterrorism cooperation and bilateral issues. That evening, over two dozen protestors peaceably assembled outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence in Washington, D.C., to voice their opposition to Turkish Government policies. It was not long before unprovoked violence erupted, when proErdogan supporters and individuals from the Turkish Embassy grounds pushed past District of Columbia police officers to brutally attack the peaceful demonstrators. These Turkish officials violated the First Amendment rights of United States citizens, and multiple armed Turkish officials beat, kicked, and choked unarmed demonstrators. Multiple video recordings show the violence with which these demonstrators were attacked. The Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia and the Department of State confirm that the demonstrators did not instigate the violence. Two armed Turkish officers attached to a security detail were detained at the scene for physically assaulting Federal agents but were later released and allowed to leave the United States because they held diplomatic immunity. Mr. Speaker, it is beyond dispute that the life of President Erdogan was never in any danger. It must be noted that immunity for diplomatic personnel and certain other foreign officials is a core principal but so is the constitutionally protected right to protest peacefully and freely in the United States. Mr. Speaker, this is the third instance of violence perpetrated by members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail on United States soil. In 2011, a brawl erupted in the halls of the United States Nations General Assembly between members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail and United Nations security officers, resulting in one United Nations security officer being hospitalized due to serious injuries. In 2016, members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail engaged in unwarranted violence against journalist reporting on an event at the Brookings Institution. On May 21, 2017, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson affirmed that violence outside the Turkish Embassy was ‘‘outrageous’’ and ‘‘simply unacceptable.’’ It is imperative that the right to assembly, peaceful protest, and freedom of speech are not abridged because they are the bedrock of democracy. For this reason, the United States Secret Service and the Diplomatic Security Service of the Department of State should review this incident and confirm with the Turkish National Police the standards expected by visiting security details to prevent future violent incidents. The Department of State should also conduct a review of its own security procedure to determine how to mitigate the likelihood of similar events in the future. It is the duty of this House to stand for our ideals and take steps to strengthen freedoms for the press and civil society in countries such as Turkey, and oppose efforts by foreign leaders to suppress free and peaceful protest in their own countries. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, as an original cosponsor of H. Res. 354, I rise today in strong support passing this legislation to condemn the reprehensible attacks outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16. I am a proud member of the Congressional Caucus on Turkey and Turkish Americans. New Jersey’s Ninth District, and particularly my hometown of Paterson, has a large and thriving TurkishAmerican community and I cherish our close relationship. However, what happened last month was beyond the pale. The brutal attacks on peaceful protesters are an affront to our American values and core democratic freedoms of free speech and peaceful assembly. One of the individuals attacked by President Erdogan’s thugs was a constituent of mine from East Rutherford. As a college student, Ceren Borazan bravely joined her friends to peacefully protest President Erdogan’s policies in Washington D.C. Since President Erdogan has taken office, Turkey has cracked down on freedom of expression, raided media outlets, and jailed judges, journalists, and civil servants in violation of democratic norms. Outside the embassy Ceren was thrown to the ground and kicked by the Turkish security guards. During the attack a blood vessel in her eye burst and weeks later she is still reminded of the trauma by nightmares and fears of retribution. While freedom of speech and freedom to protest may be prohibited in Turkey, they are bedrock U.S. principles that must be safeguarded. Violence is never an appropriate response to free speech. To ensure such an incident never happens again on our soil, those involved in carrying out this attack must be brought to justice. They must be denied diplomatic immunity and prosecuted to the fullest extent of U.S. law. Mr. Speaker, we must pass H. Res. 354 today to call attention to these attacks and to ensure justice is carried out for people like Ceren. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD an editorial from The StarLedger titled ‘‘Trump won’t denounce American thuggery. Will he punish Turkey?’’ 
TRUMP WON’TDENOUNCE AMERICAN  THUGGERY . WILLHEPUNISH TURKEY ? (By StarLedger Editorial Board) Time to take stock of our rights of free speech and peaceful protest in this country, and what—if anything—President Trump has done to protect them. He’s been noticeably silent on the brutal beating of peaceful protesters in Washington, D.C. by the Turkish President’s thuggish bodyguards, on public property, right in front of our own police, fully caught on video. The violence was completely unprovoked, and happened shortly after Trump welcomed Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to the Oval Office. Among others, a young woman from East Rutherford, Ceren Borazan, was put into a headlock and choked—popping a blood vessel in her eye— by a man who threatened to kill her. This is common practice in Turkey—which is why Trump needs to make it clear that it isn’t acceptable here. But perhaps the real problem is that it is increasingly acceptable here. Not just verbal and physical attacks against peaceful protesters, but against journalists, whom Trump has called ‘‘the enemy of the people.’’ In the past month alone, reporters have been arrested, slapped, pinned against a wall and choked for trying to do their jobs; most recently by newlyelected Montana congressman Greg Gianforte, accused of bodyslamming a journalist. He’s faced no real consequences. ‘‘Elections are about choices and Montanans made their choice,’’ Speaker Paul Ryan said Friday. Trump, who had lavished praise on Gianforte—‘‘a wonderful guy’’—added: ‘‘Great win in Montana.’’ Perhaps this is why the former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields, who was grabbed roughly by Corey Lewandowski last year when she tried to ask Trump a question, said some Republicans ‘‘have put party over civility.’’ The casualty isn’t just civility. Trump’s hostility toward the press—like his attempt to use the FBI to muzzle journalists—has led 
Reporters Without Borders to lower America’s ranking on press freedom, measured by government restrictions and threats against the news media. We’re now ranked right below Burkina Faso, one of the world’s poorest countries. This failure to speak up for peaceful protesters and journalists began at Trump’s rallies, where his supporters threatened and committed actual violence against them. Since then, the United Nations has warned that the basic principle of peaceful protest is under attack in the United States. At least 19 states have introduced measures that would criminalize such protests. The very least the President can do is make some sort of distinction between what is tolerated here and in Turkey. Yes, it’s a NATO ally, and we have a complex relationship. But this is about protecting the freedom of speech and assembly, and basic rules of law in our own country. The New York Times has publicly identified the culprits, and New Jersey Rep. Bill Pascrell is among those leading the bipartisan charge to hold them accountable. If we can’t get to the thugs in Turkey, then the Trump administration should hold the diplomats here to account. Think about the message it sends if the Turkish government escapes this without so much as a slap on the wrist. A truly populist President, a defender of American freedoms, would stick up for the people—not the jack booted thugs. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H. Res. 354, condemning the violence perpetrated against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassdor’s residence during Turkish President Erdogan’s visit last month. This timely and critically important measure was introduced by my good friend, and Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman, ED ROYCE . Mr. Speaker, as representatives of the American people, we take a solemn oath to ‘‘support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.’’ This sworn commitment spurs us to speak out now after the violent attack last month on peaceful protesters in Washington, D.C. who were peacefully exercising their First Amendments rights. On that day a group of peaceful demonstrators—including a resident from my home state of New Jersey, Ceren Borazan—gathered outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence to protest the policies of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Shortly after President Erdogan’s arrival at the residence during his official visit to the United States, a contingent of his security guards, joined by some supporters, rushed across the street where the protesters were gathered. Before the demonstrators knew it, this group of thugs was upon them, throwing them to the ground and raining blows upon them. By now we are all familiar with the shocking video images captured of men in dark suits, some with guns, and others in plainclothes mercilessly kicking protesters in their faces while they lie helplessly on the ground. Some demonstrators were outnumbered four to one by their assailants who punched and manhandled them until DC police intervened. When police stepped in, some attackers turned to assault our uniformed officers. Among this group of protesters were Kurdish and ArmenianAmericans, members of minorities with a painful history of persecution and marginalization in their ancestral homelands. These individuals came to the United States to seek the freedom and safety they were deprived in their lands of origin. The United States and its Bill of Rights are a promise to these people that must not be broken. That members of the President’s security detail and others felt they could attack these sacred rights with impunity should offend us all. That Erdogan would calmly watch the melee unfold—as video evidence shows— is as galling as it is unsurprising. Indeed, just a year ago his security detail was involved in an alltoosimilar incident at a public event in Washington. Mr. Speaker, the steps recommended by this measure should be urgently implemented. Among other things, the United States should charge and prosecute all those involved in the attack. The State Department should request a waiver of immunity for any Turkish officials charged and detained in connection with the incident. Finally, the United States should redouble its efforts to promote democracy and human rights in Turkey. Mr. Speaker, this was a brutal physical assault on a group of peaceful demonstrators in our nation’s capital and a brazen insult to all Americans. I urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join their voices and votes in strongly condemning this incident and calling for justice. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 354, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1700 IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE EMERGENCY RELIEF AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 390) to provide for emergency relief to victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, to provide accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 390 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017’’. 
It is the policy of the United States to ensure that assistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, and of communities from those countries, is directed toward those individuals and communities with the greatest need, including those individuals from communities of religious and ethnic minorities, and communities of religious and ethnic minorities, that have been identified as being at risk of persecution, forced migration, acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by recognizing the efforts of our colleague, Mr. SMITH. Mr. S MITH of New Jersey is chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. We appreciate his strong leadership on this critical issue. And, as always, I also appreciate Ranking Member ENGEL for his support. Mr. Speaker, more than 6 years ago, the world watched with dread as Syrian dictator Bashar alAssad ordered action against what were peaceful protestors coming down the main boulevard in Damascus. We watched on CNN and international television. As they were saying it was peaceful, we then saw the automatic weapons of the regime open up and mow them down. What has followed has been year after year of mass atrocities as Assad seeks to break the Syrian people. Building on the vacuum created by Assad, ISIS burst onto the international stage in 2014 by declaring themselves and their supposed ‘‘caliphate’’—and committing obscene, horrific acts in an effort to spread their nihilistic, deathfilled ideology. We also saw that they targeted anyone unlucky enough to cross their path across Syria and Iraq. Yet, oddly enough, the regime in Syria did not target ISIS. They were too busy carrying out their campaign against the people of Syria—protesters, the Free Syrian Army, and others—who were pushing back against the regime. Here, alongside the nightmare that Assad created, came this new nightmare of ISIS. These two evils, as I call them, ISIS and Assad, exist side by side, perpetrating extreme violence on anyone who would oppose their grip on power. ISIS is committing genocidal violence against Yazidis and Christians in Syria and Iraq, seeking to destroy their entire communities and to erase their shared histories. Assad is committing massive crimes against humanity, targeting men, women, and children from all sects, all religions, and all groups, as documented by Caesar, a military photographer who snuck out photos of what goes on in Assad’s prisons, documenting the torture and death of tens of thousands of citizens in Syria. More than a year after the Obama administration, under intense congressional pressure, finally declared that ISIS’ actions against the religious communities of Iraq and Syria constituted ‘‘genocide,’’ there is still an urgent need for assistance to these vulnerable communities. These communities, which exist on the outskirts in Syria and on the borders, have been devastated by ISIS’ efforts to wipe them out. 
These ancient communities, whose roots go back centuries, include Christians, Yazidis, Assyrians, Syriacs, Turkomans, and many others. Their presence in Iraq and Syria is crucial to the social fabric of these nations. While the U.S. has been generous in providing assistance to those targeted, their needs are still urgent and extreme. Whole communities have been displaced, enslaved, and slaughtered. Survivors need assistance in feeding and clothing their families and in beginning to address the extreme trauma caused by ISIS and Assad. This bill offers additional immediate relief for these vulnerable communities and also directs the State Department to do more to support efforts to collect and preserve evidence of ‘‘genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes’’ so that, someday, justice might be served. I urge Members to support this bill so that the possibility of justice and accountability for these atrocities can give hope to those suffering today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 390, the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 390 that fall within thc rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 390 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 390 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 390. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 390 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this measure. I, again, want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL , who have worked in a bipartisan way to bring this important measure before us today. I would also like to thank Mr. SMITH and Ms. E SHOO for their work on this bill, the Iraq and Syria Emergency Genocide Act, and for their tireless efforts on behalf of religious minorities in the Middle East. It is often easy to look away in the face of these atrocities, Mr. Speaker, but these lawmakers have made sure that we stay focused on preventing genocide and promoting accountability in this part of the region. On March 17, 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry said: ‘‘In my judgment, ISIS is responsible for genocide against groups and areas under its control, including Yazidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims . . . the United States will strongly support efforts to collect, document, preserve, and analyze the evidence of atrocities, and we will do all we can do to see that these perpetrators are held accountable.’’ The House had urged the Secretary to designate the crimes against minorities in Iraq and Syria as ‘‘genocide,’’ and the measure before us today follows up on those efforts. It is tragic that a bill like this remains necessary. Unfortunately, ISIS continues to target religious minorities, including Christians, Yazidis, and Shia. We have seen overwhelming evidence of forced migration, execution, rape, starvation, enslavement, amputation, and public lashings. In Raqqa, which ISIS has declared capital of the caliphate, children are forced to watch videos of mass executions in order to desensitize them to this level of violence. ISIS remains an ongoing threat, and its campaign of violence and persecution is an ongoing tragedy for the people across the region. This bill would respond to that part of the challenge. It states that American assistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery should go to those individuals and communities with the greatest need. That includes communities of religious and ethnic minorities. The bill also will help ensure that those responsible for this violence and persecution are brought to justice. It pushes USAID to assist in the efforts to conduct criminal investigations and help develop skills on the ground to collect evidence and press these cases. This legislation is supported by the Knights of Columbus, U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, HIAS, Yazidi Human Rights OrganizationInternational, and several other organizations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the author of this bill and also the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on this bill. I want to thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his support and also Majority Leader MCCARTHY for making sure this bill came to the floor. Without that, we wouldn’t be here, so I want to thank him especially for his support. Mr. Speaker, I start off by saying that, since 2013, I have chaired nine congressional hearings focused in whole or in part on atrocities in Iraq and Syria. The distinguished chairman has had another dozen or so such hearings that have brought to light these atrocities. In one of our hearings in December of 2015, Gregory Stanton, president of Genocide Watch, testified that ‘‘weak words are not enough,’’ noting that 21 human rights organizations, genocide scholars, and religious leaders wrote to President Obama imploring him to recognize the ISIS genocide. At that same hearing, Chaldean Bishop Francis Kalabat said that ‘‘since the fall of Mosul in early June 2014, Christians have endured targeted persecution in the form of forced displacement, sexual violence, and other human rights violations.’’ He said, ‘‘ISIS has committed terrific atrocities against the Yazidis,’’ and then he bottomlined it and said the Christians are ‘‘under threat of extinction.’’ On May 9, 2016, the House passed JEFF FORTENBERRY ’s genocide resolution 393–0. A few days later, Secretary of State John Kerry declared ISIS atrocities to be a genocide. The existential threat to Christians and Yazidis and other minority faiths, however, continues to this day. Some of the fortunate ones have made it to the relative safety of Erbil but, astonishingly, have gotten no assistance from the United States Government. Since 2014, as a matter of fact, the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil has provided almost all of the medical care, food, shelter, and education received by over 13,200 Christian families, 
almost onethird of the Christians remaining in Iraq, who escaped ISIS. The archdiocese also provides assistance to Yazidis and Muslims. The funding for all of this has been private, with money from Knights of Columbus, Aid to the Church in Need, and a few others. Carl Anderson, Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus, which has donated more than $12 million to the effort, testified in one of my hearings and said the Knights and other private sources have responded. ‘‘But nongovernmental organizations can only do so much.’’ ‘‘The rich tapestry,’’ as he pointed out, ‘‘of religious pluralism in the region must be preserved now or it will be lost forever,’’ noting that there has been an 80 percent decline of Christians in Iraq and 70 percent in Syria. He said: ‘‘With its loss will come increased instability and threats to our own security and that of the world. ‘‘We have a unique opportunity—and, some would say, unique responsibility—to protect the victims of genocide.’’ Mr. Speaker, just before Christmas of last year, I traveled to Erbil with a staff delegation at the invitation of the Chaldean archbishop, Bashar Warda, to meet with survivors and to visit an internally displaced person camp of about 6,000 individuals. Both my staff and I were amazed and inspired by the genocide survivors’ resiliency and deep faith in the Lord, despite the cruelty that they had endured. b1715 There was so much joy, love, and courage despite the loss of family and friends to ISIS. They had deep hope. The children sang Christmas carols—it was December 23 when we were there— with smiles and with reverence. The leaders, especially Archbishop Warda, trusted in God while working unceasingly and unselfishly for others. Because the needs on the ground have always exceeded private support, the archdiocese has had to battle chronic funding crises over these last several years. Archbishop Warda told me recently that they had to temporarily suspend their distribution of medicines, and are on track to run out of money for food sometime this June. H.R. 390 provides authority and direction to the secretary and the administrator of USAID to identify the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of these communities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. This bill also authorizes and directs the secretary to fund entities, including faith based ones, that are effectively providing assistance to meet those needs on the ground. It addresses another urgent aspect of this crisis: evidence linking specific ISIS perpetrators to specific atrocity crimes that is being destroyed or lost. And we have seen this in the past in Rwanda, in Sierra Leone, and in the former Yugoslavia. You have got to collect the information that is actionable in order to prosecute these crimes against humanity. This legislation directs that, and that is why it has the support of all four former U.S. Ambassadors at Large for war crimes issues. It also directs the Secretary of State to work with foreign governments to ensure that they are including identifying information about suspected perpetrators in their security databases and security screening and are prosecuting perpetrators of these horrific crimes. President Trump and Vice President PENCE have strongly, publicly, and repeatedly committed the administration to providing relief to Christians, Yazidis, and other genocide survivors. This legislation tangibly supports this commitment and is a blueprint for action. I especially want to thank tonight the coauthor of this legislation, ANNA ESHOO . Her tireless efforts on behalf of all Christians and other persecuted religious minorities has been really fantastic, and I want to thank her for that and for working so cooperatively together with me and my staff and the full committee staff. I would also like to thank the great staff work of Nathaniel Hurd, Piero Tozzi in my office, Matt McMurray in ANNA ESHOO ’s office, Doug Anderson and Joan Condon in the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Roger Mahan and Luke Murry in the majority leader’s office. And, as always, I want to thank Kelly Dixon, who ultimately helped us bring this legislation to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the statement of Mr. Carl A. Anderson before the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. 
OPENING STATEMENT OF MR. CARLA. A NDER SON, SUPREME KNIGHT , KNIGHTS OF COLUM BUS (Before the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health Global Human Rights and International Organizations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives, at a hearing titled The ISIS Genocide Declaration: What Next?, May 26, 2019) Thank you for the opportunity to appear before this subcommittee and to discuss the next steps that need to be taken needed to protect the survivors of ongoing genocide in Iraq and Syria. Let me begin by saying that the House of Representatives, the State Department and the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom are all to be commended for the important step of declaring the situation confronting Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East genocide. The world’s greatest humanitarian crisis since World War II is unfolding now in the Middle East. In addition to millions of refugees, many of the region’s indigenous communities now face extinction. These communities may disappear in less than a decade. But their fate is not inevitable. The United States can avert this unfolding tragedy. A UNIQUE HISTORICAL MOMENT  Around the world, people of good will, Muslim and nonMuslim alike, wish to differentiate themselves from the horrific and violent theology espoused by ISIS. It is certainly true that such extremists make up a small percentage of Muslims overall. But among the world’s billion Muslims, the majority simply want to raise their families in peace and are scandalized by what ISIS is doing in the name of Islam. Prominent Islamic leaders and scholars from around the world have recently taken an important step in the Marrakesh Declaration. Attempts such as this, which seek to align Islam with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights should be supported. At the same time, it is clear that Christians, and other indigenous minorities, are experiencing genocide, at the hands of the Islamic State and related groups. Their plight is now at the top of the world’s agenda in a way that it never has been before. These factors together create an unparalleled opportunity for the United States, and for all those opposed to ISIS’ radical vision— Muslims and nonMuslims alike—to advance an agenda of equality, justice, peace, and accountability in the region. 
CONCLUSION  The rich tapestry of religious pluralism in the region must be preserved now or it will be lost forever. With its loss will come increased instability and threats to our own security and that of the world. We have a unique opportunity—and some would say, unique responsibility—to protect the victims of genocide. The United States can provide such protection with a policy that includes the principles outlined above. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for your leadership and that of the members of this subcommittee. 
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. The only way for the people of Iraq and Syria to find peace and stability in the coming years is to move towards more inclusive governing, ensuring that minorities have a stake in the way their countries are run, and for those responsible for violence to face justice. It is as simple as that. This legislation is a recognition that there are no military solutions in the Middle East; rather, the best way forward is to address the underlying causes that led to the creation of ISIS so we can prevent the next ISIS from rising up from the ashes in Iraq and Syria. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Just in speaking about the conditions of the Christian community, outside of Erbil, like Chairman SMITH, I had the opportunity last year to speak to Archbishop Warda and to many of those Christian families that have survived, and to see many of the children that are struggling there. I did want to commend the Knights of Columbus, the archbishop, and Catholic Charities for their sustained effort, which goes not only to this Christian community, but also the neighboring Yazidi community. These communities have no other means of support. I think that as we reflect upon this, beyond the genocidal actions of ISIS, we have also seen the depravity of the Assad regime, which has engaged in a massive effort to destroy anyone, regardless of sect or religion or ethnicity, if they suspect them of being unwilling to bow to Syria’s murderous dictator. None are safe. I say ‘‘suspect’’ because so many of those who were tortured to death to give up other names are simply caught up in a web of intelligence services who go out and try to find those who they believe may not be loyal. And they haul them in for torture. And under the knife, many of these people will give up names of other families, whoever they can remember, whoever they know who may or may not in any way be involved in politics, but then find themselves in those same torture chambers. The result of this kind of a society year after year breeds a sense of absolute hopelessness, of blowback, of problems throughout Syria from which, I must say, I suspect this long climb back is going to be a very difficult one. At the end of the day, though, it is still absolutely imperative that those responsible for those hideous crimes be held accountable. A key aspect of any lasting peace is going to be accountability, because a renewal of trust and the prospect of justice is going to be based on some measure on whether we are going to hold to account those who committed those kinds of crimes, those who led to this kind of horror. Whether it is Assad’s regime or whether it is ISIS, there is so much devastation left in the wake. I urge Members to support this resolution so that the possibility of peace can be sustained by the hope that justice will prevail. I again thank Mr. SMITH for authoring this measure. I also thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his passionate leadership on the crisis in Syria for so many years. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, since 2013, I have chaired nine Congressional hearings focused, in whole or in a large part, on atrocities in Iraq and Syria. At one hearing in December of 2015, Professor Gregory Stanton, President of Genocide Watch testified that ‘‘weak words are not enough’’ noting that twenty one human rights organizations, genocide scholars, and religious leaders wrote to President Obama imploring him to recognize the ISIS genocide. At the same hearing, Chaldean Bishop Francis Kalabat testified that ‘‘since the fall of 
Mosul in early June 2014, Christians have endured targeted persecution in the form of forced displacement, sexual violence, and other human rights violations.’’ He said ‘‘ISIS has committed horrific atrocities against the Yazidis.’’ The bishop said Christians are ‘‘under threat of extinction.’’ On May 9, 2016, the House passed Jeff Fortenberry’s Genocide resolution 393 to 0. A few days later, Secretary of State John Kerry declared ISIS atrocities to be a genocide. The existential threat to Christians and Yazidis and other minorities continues to this day. Some of the fortunate ones, however, have made it to relative safety in Erbil but astonishingly have not gotten assistance from the United States. Since 2014, the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil has been providing almost all of the medical care, food, shelter and education received by 13,200 Christian families, almost one third of Christians remaining in Iraq, who escaped ISIS. The Archdiocese also provides assistance to Yazidis and Muslims. The funding has been private—Knights of Columbus, Aid to the Church in Need, and a few others. Carl Anderson, Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus—which has donated more than $12 million to the effort—testified that the Knights and other private sources have responded, ‘‘But nongovernmental organizations can only do so much.’’ He also made numerous recommendations including supporting the ‘‘Long term survival in the region of these ancient indigenous religions and ethnic communities. In Iraq, the Christian population has declined by more than 80 percent, and in Syria, it has declined by almost 70 percent . . . The rich tapestry of religious pluralism in the region must be preserved now or it will be lost forever.’’ He said, ‘‘With its loss will come increased instability and threats to our own security and that of the world. We have a unique opportunity—and some would say, unique responsibility—to protect the victims of genocide.’’ Just before Christmas last year, I travelled to Erbil at the invitation of the Chaldean Catholic Archbishop of Erbil, Bashar Warda, to meet with survivors and visit an IDP camp. Both my staff and I were amazed and inspired by the genocide survivors resiliency and deep faith in the Lord despite the cruelty they endured. There was much joy, love, and courage despite the loss of family and friends to ISIS. They had hope. The children sang Christmas carols with smiles and reverence. The leaders—especially Archbishop Warda—trust in God while working unceasingly for others. Because the needs ontheground have always exceeded private support, however, the Archdiocese has had to battle chronic funding crises. Archbishop Warda told me they recently had to temporarily suspend their distribution of medicines and are ontrack to run out of money for food sometime this June. H.R. 390 provides authority and direction to the Secretary and Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development to identify the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of these communities. The bill also authorizes and directs the Secretary and Administrator to fund entities—including faith based ones—that are effectively providing assistance to meet those needs ontheground. H.R. 390 addresses another urgent aspect of this crisis: Evidence linking specific ISIS perpetrators to specific atrocity crimes is being destroyed or lost. It is vital that evidence that can be used in a range of court settings is collected and preserved. This will enable accountability and support our efforts to counter terrorist groups by demonstrating that the perpetrators are chronic rapists, child abusers, drug dealers and human traffickers. This legislation authorizes and directs the Secretary and Administrator to fund entities that are conducting criminal investigations into perpetrators of atrocity crimes in Iraq. The Commission for International Justice and Accountability is an example of a non governmental organization that has been conducting such criminal investigations onthe ground. CIJA has collected and preserved ISIS recruitment forms, foreign fighter passports, and ISIS instructions from ISIS facilities, laptops, hard drives, and memory sticks. It has taken hundreds of witness statements from victims, perpetrators, detained fighters, defectors, insiders, witnesses, and other witnesses. CIJA has developed pretrial briefs and perpetrator profiles that are of a worldclass quality. In 2016, CIJA received 409 requests for assistance on cases from law enforcement agencies in many countries, including the Department of Homeland Security and FBI and works closely with both agencies. Yet, CIJA has received no financial support from the U.S. government. H.R. 390 also directs the Secretary to work with foreign governments to ensure that they are including identifying information about suspected perpetrators in their security databases and security screening and are prosecuting perpetrators. ISIS fighters in Iraq are being captured and detained in the battle for Mosul and beyond. Others are escaping the region and attempting to return to their home countries around the world. We should help ensure that in addition to being screened and prosecuted for terrorism, they are screened and prosecuted for atrocity crimes. President Trump and Vice President Pence have strongly, publicly committed the Administration to providing relief to Christians, Yazidis, and other genocide survivors, and ensuring perpetrators are brought to justice. H.R. 390 supports this commitment and is a blueprint for implementation. H.R. 390 has the bipartisan cosponsorship of 46 members, support from a range of prominent Christian, Yezidi, religious freedom, and accountability organizations, and has been endorsed by all four former U.S. AmbassadorsatLarge for War Crimes Issues. I especially want to acknowledge my coauthor and good friend ANNAESHOO . Her tireless efforts on behalf of Christians and other persecuted religious minorities, and the fantastic partnership with her and her staff on this bill, are a testament to the hipartisanship of H.R. 390 and international religious freedom more broadly. And finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the great staff work of Nathaniel Hurd and Piero Toni in my office. Matt McMurray in ANNA ESHOO ’s office. Doug Anderson and Joan Condon in the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Roger Mahan and Luke Murry in the Majority Leader’s Office. And Kelly Dixon who ultimately helped us get it to the floor. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee and as a member of the Congressional Refugee Caucus, I rise in strong support of H.R. 390, the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017.’’ This legislation makes clear that it is the policy of the United States to ensure that assistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs is directed toward those individuals and communities with the greatest need, including those individuals from communities of religious and ethnic minorities, and communities of religious and ethnic minorities, that have been identified as being at risk of persecution, forced migration, acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is a timely and important response to acts of genocide and other war crimes committed by ISIS in a its continuing effort to subjugate the Yazidi religious minority in Syria and Iraq. ISIS has targeted and continues to target Muslims, Jews, Sikhs, Christians, Yazidis and its reprehensible actions are reminiscent of what we have seen in some of the darkest periods of human history. For example, according to reports of human rights watchgroups, Shiite Muslims have been killed by ongoing waves of ISIS bombings of Shiite neighborhoods, and Shiite members of Iraq’s security forces have been victims of mass ISIS executions. ISIS is believed to be holding 3,500 people as slaves, and most of the enslaved are women and children from the Yazidi community. ISIS claimed credit for the twin blasts that struck Christian Egyptian churches during Palm Sunday services, in which at least 47 Christians were murdered. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, in our own country we are witnessing an alarming increase in violence, bigotry, and acts of terror against members of many of our religious minorities: 1. Muslim college students have been shot and killed, executionstyle, in their living room and outside of their mosques. 2. Jewish communities are struggling to deal with desecrated cemeteries and waves of bomb threats being called to their community centers and places of worship. 3. Two Sikh men were killed in New York City, a crime police declared to be a hate shooting. 4. Nine African American parishioners were shot to death during Bible study at a Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. H.R. 390 aims to promote accountability in Iraq and Syria for the atrocities committed against the religious minorities living in those countries. It also provides emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria. Specifically, the bill authorizes the providing of financial and technical assistance to those in need, as well as working with nongovernmental organizations with expertise in international criminal investigations and law to investigate and address crimes of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes, occurring in Iraq since January 2014. H.R. 390 also authorizes United States aid agencies to provide assistance to entities determined to be capable of effectively managing and delivering recovery, humanitarian, or stabilization assistance to Iraqi and Syrian religious or ethnic minorities that have been victimized by ISIS. 
Mr. Speaker, the crimes ISIS has committed against Iraqi and Syrian religious and ethnic minorities are horrific. The victims of this campaign of terror are innocent and in dire need of humanitarian and stabilization assistance. As the global leader and champion of human rights and human dignity, the United States has an obligation to lead the international effort to defeat ISIS and ameliorate the suffering caused by its heinous acts. H.R. 390 is a welcome and positive step in the right direction and I urge all Members to join me in voting for this important legislation. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017. In March of 2016, Congress declared in unequivocal terms that the persecution of Christians, Yezidis, and other ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq and Syria by ISIS constituted genocide. This was a seminal moment in the U.S. Congress because it’s only the third time in history that Congress has declared a genocide. Unfortunately, the conditions for the tens of thousands of survivors of these crimes against humanity grow worse each day. Mr. Speaker, we are witnessing the systematic extermination of Christians and other religious and ethnic minorities at the hands of ISIS. And despite the fact that Congress has appropriated over $1 billion in humanitarian aid to help these communities in Fiscal Year 2017, the money has not reached survivors because the only organizations focused solely on aiding survivors are religious groups, which the State Department will not provide assistance to. For example, the Archdiocese of Erbil is currently providing food, housing, and medical care to more than 70,000 Christians who escaped death at the hands of ISIS. Even though the Archdiocese of Erbil is providing assistance to survivors at the center of this crisis, the State Department will not distribute U.S. assistance through religious organizations. H.R. 390 would resolve this ongoing problem. The bill directs the Secretary of State and USAID to provide assistance directly to entities, including faithbased entities that are effectively providing assistance to genocide survivors or other persecuted religious and ethnic communities on the ground in Iraq and Syria. Importantly, the aid can only be used for humanitarian relief on the ground, not to support the general operations of the church or faith based entity. H.R. 390 also includes important provisions that will help the international community document the crimes against humanity that have been committed by ISIS, hold the perpetrators accountable, and ensure we learn from the horrors we have witnessed over the last six years so that we can one day prevent the next largescale genocide from occurring. I want to thank the bill’s sponsor and my partner in this ongoing effort to help the tens of thousands of survivors of genocide in Iraq and Syria, Congressman CHRIS SMITH. He has been a tireless advocate on behalf of these persecuted communities and I commend him for the work he has done to get this bill through the House. Thirteen months after the House and Senate took the important step to label these crimes against humanity as genocide, my colleagues now have the opportunity to help bring an end to the suffering. I urge my colleague to vote ‘‘YES’’ on H.R. 390. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act. For too long, the Middle East—the birth place of Christianity—has been the place where thousands of Christians have been led to their deaths. The Pew Research Center reports that Christians are the world’s most persecuted faith community, with Middle Eastern Christians experiencing this most severely. In 2012, President Obama declared what is happening to Christians in the Middle East as ‘‘genocide’’, but not much has been done to respond to this crisis. This bill will provide the dire supports and safeguards that Christians and other religious minorities desperately need. Specifically, it gives prioritized consideration to Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East for admission into the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program, while keeping standard vetting procedures in place. This is so important given that less than half of one percent of Syrians chosen for resettlement between 2011 and 2016 have been Christians. H.R. 390 also supports entities that are conducting criminal investigations into the bad actors perpetrating violence against Christians and supports groups helping victims of genocide in the region. Clearly, persecuted Christians in the Middle East desperately need our support. As a fellow Christian, I will keep working to bring attention to the failures of our current refugee program in helping these individuals, as well as promote efforts to provide resources and assistance to them in their time of need. I applaud the passage of H.R. 390 and hope that the Senate will give it timely consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 390, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to provide emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Congressman GREGORY MEEKS , the ranking member of the Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats Subcommittee; and Congressman PAUL COOK, the vice chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I recognize them for their work on this timely and important resolution. On May 22, as the world knows, in a cowardly act of terrorism, a suicide bomber attacked those exiting a concert at the Manchester Arena in England. These were principally teenagers and children who were attending that concert, in some cases, parents. What many had planned to be a night of joy, a festival, a chance for them to gather to celebrate turned with one horrifying blast into a nightmare of chaos and devastation, and 23 innocent people were killed, 166 were severely injured, and many of those victims were children. This past week, in another cowardly attack, terrorists struck unsuspecting and unarmed pedestrians on London Bridge, and then those terrorists went on an attack against innocent bystanders in London’s Borough Market area, slashing and killing, and thus far, at least 7 victims have died and 48 have been seriously wounded. We grieve their loss and send our prayers and condolences to their families. We also commend the brave and selfless actions of British first responders who, in the wake of both attacks, moved to quickly secure the areas, aid the wounded, and prevent further loss of life. Our deranged enemies, it is clear, are intent on striking us wherever and whenever possible, often choosing to prey upon the most vulnerable, the most innocent in our society, preying, in this case, on children and teenagers. We must be even more determined in our resolve to stop them and we must continue to build upon our own capabilities, strengthening our cooperation with our friends and allies like the United Kingdom. Mr. Speaker, the United Kingdom has been a staunch friend and ally, unparalleled in its support for the United States, including as a partner in our counterterrorism efforts. At this sad time, we stand solidly beside our friends and allies as they mourn, heal, and most assuredly rise again following this tragedy. Passage of this resolution is just one way that we can demonstrate this support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in unanimously supporting this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H. Res. 355. This resolution was submitted by the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK). It is a strong message condemning in the strongest terms the most recent terrorist attacks in Manchester and London. We worked quickly in the committee to pass this resolution in a bipartisan way. I thank Chairman ROYCE  and Ranking Member ENGEL again for their bipartisan efforts. b1730 I would like to lend my voice of condolence to the families and friends of those who were killed and injured. I pray that the Manchester and London communities remain resilient and continue their beautiful human display of kindness in the depths of such tragedy. I read numerous human stories about neighbors, faith leaders, and local businessmen and women coming together to aid their fellow citizens with open arms and compassionate hearts. The people of Manchester, London, and the U.K. in general show the rest of the world how to persevere in the face of terror. Finally, let us remember that the attacks are directed at our open societies that we have built over many generations. Let us remember that our response will set the tone for not only the security of the present day but also the faith in such open societies and the unbreakable bonds of community for years to come. We will continue to work in the Foreign Affairs Committee to bring about justice and encourage peace. The United States admires the Manchester and London response of stoicism, openheartedness, and solidarity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ), chairman of the BritishAmerican Parliamentary Group and cochairman of the Congressional United Kingdom Caucus, and he also has strong family ties in Britain. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for yielding me time, and I rise in strong support of this resolution condemning the terror attacks in the United Kingdom. Mr. Speaker, the senseless acts of terror that took place in Manchester and London are stark reminders of the threat our allies and our Nation face together. These horrific attacks require strong and coordinated response to not only bring the perpetrators and their enablers to justice but also to combat global terrorism. Mr. Speaker, Congress stands ready to support our colleagues in Parliament with any assistance necessary. The special relationship that bonds our two nations and peoples is unlike any other relationship that we enjoy. I am reminded of the events 73 years ago today when the United States stood with Great Britain to execute the largest amphibious landing ever assembled in order to liberate Europe. Our task in fighting terrorism is no less daunting. I appreciate the efforts here today by the House to condemn these acts of terror and reaffirm our unwavering support for the special relationship that we enjoy with the United Kingdom. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, the British people are well known for their stiff upper lip, their resolve, and resilience. We have seen all these traits on display in the recent days in the proud European cities of Manchester and London as the dead are mourned, the injured are nursed to health, and the guilty are pursued. Life must and will go on, and the United Kingdom will remain the beacon of freedom, tolerance, and justice. I am glad we took this time today to send this strong message of solidarity to the people of the U.K. Through the years, they have long stood by us, and we are proud of their friendship. We call them our friends. I support this measure and trust the House will do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), chairman of the Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time and for his work on this very important resolution. Mr. Speaker, last month, as fans streamed out of a concert in Manchester, they were met by the worst kind of despicable treachery. A terrorist lay in wait with his time bomb to inflict maximum damage on people, killing as many as he could and creating fear among survivors. Twenty two innocent people were slaughtered, including many children. The attack claimed by ISIS thugs was, unfortunately, not the last to hit the United Kingdom. Over the weekend, terrorists attacked innocent civilians in London, killing 7 and wounding at least 48 others. Free countries cannot and must not tolerate these attacks and must not ever accept these attacks as the norm. We must defeat the cancer of Islamic 
terrorism and the perverted thinking that inspires it. I strongly support this resolution which condemns the attack in Manchester and expresses our support to the people of the United Kingdom. We will and must continue to stand together with the United Kingdom for many reasons, but the main reason being the bond of freedom that we have shared for so many years. We must stand together to combat and defeat those who seek to attack freedom and liberty and destroy our way of life. They must not win. Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincere condolences to the victims of the attacks in the United Kingdom and their families. This evil cannot be allowed to continue without a bold response. Mr. Speaker, justice demands that we track down these terrorists and hold them accountable for their evil deeds whenever and wherever they attack. Justice must be served because, Mr. Speaker, justice is what free people demand. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, following the killing in London this past weekend, British Prime Minister May compared the attacks in Manchester and those in the capital, and she said: ‘‘ . . . while the recent attacks are not connected by common networks, they are connected in one important sense. They are bound together by the single evil ideology of Islamist extremism that preaches hatred, sows division, and promotes sectarianism.’’ ‘‘Defeating this ideology is one of the great challenges of our time. . . .’’ Those were the Prime Minister’s words. We are committed to standing with our British friends and allies in this important fight. This resolution signals our resolve to deepen our collaboration with our friends and allies in the United Kingdom to counter terrorism and to counter radicalization. Mr. Speaker, I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join me in unanimous support of this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 355, which expresses the condolences of the United States to the twentytwo innocent victims who lost their lives and the fiftynine individuals who were seriously injured in the barbaric attack perpetrated by a terrorist in Manchester, United Kingdom. Mr. Speaker, I support this resolution’s condemnation of this terrorist attack for the depraved, cowardly act that it is. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of the victims. Moreover, our heartfelt appreciation goes out to the first responders and others who selflessly came to the aid of those affected by this act. Manchester will emerge from the attack more vibrant and united than ever before with the same resiliency that has enabled it to grow and evolve from the ‘‘birthplace of the Industrial Revolution’’ to the modern, progressive, and welcoming metropolis that it is today. As Manchester recovers and responds, I hope that Mancunians and Britons as a whole will take comfort in the knowledge that the people of the United States stand in solidarity with them. This attack is a reminder of the common danger that democratic, peaceloving nations of the world face from those who reject the norms of civilized society and abuse the liberties and freedoms afforded them by free societies. This terrorist attack in Manchester was a horrific act on innocent civilians perpetrated by a depraved individual who had the support of those who misuse the peaceful religion of Islam for their own misguided purposes. Those who claim responsibility for this crime against humanity should make no mistake; they will be held accountable for their actions. Today, however, our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Manchester, a city that represents everything terrorists despise—that is, a place that welcomes people from all walks of life to live together in harmony. That symbol is recognizable to Americans, because we are a society formed by diverse individuals intertwined to create a mosaic that is altogether lovely, strong, and unique. Given our special relationship with the United Kingdom, the people of the United States of America offer our unwavering support to the people of Manchester and of the United Kingdom. Today, I ask a moment of silence for the victims killed and injured in the terrorist attack in Manchester. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 355, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1829 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent during rollcall votes No. 286 and No. 287 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on H. Res. 354—Condemning the violence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future, as amended. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on H. Res. 355—Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming unwavering support for the special relationship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks, as amended. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 354, a resolution ‘‘Condemning the violence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future’’ (Rollcall Vote No. 286), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ I would have also voted ‘‘aye’’ on H. Res. 355, a resolution ‘‘Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming unwaivering support for the special relationship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks’’ (Rollcall Vote No. 287). 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 60 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEBBIE’S DREAM FOUNDATION (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight the Debbie’s Dream Foundation, an organization in south Florida that seeks to make the cure for stomach cancer a reality while also supporting patients, families, and caregivers who are impacted by this disease. According to the NIH, Mr. Speaker, there are nearly 100,000 people living with stomach cancer in our great Nation, but despite these alarming numbers, Americans diagnosed with stomach cancer face a challenging battle, as it is difficult to find reliable information, good treatments, and valuable resources. Here is where Debbie’s Dream Foundation steps in. Debbie’s Dream Foundation works with local communities, businesses, government agencies, and the scientific community to raise awareness about stomach cancer and promote research and cuttingedge treatment to improve the lives of those afflicted with this cancer. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Debbie Zelman, the founder of this great organization, who is also undergoing treatment for this disease, for turning this tragedy into a positive change for others suffering from stomach cancer. I also want to thank very much Debbie’s wonderful parents and all of the advocates for their lifesaving efforts and unwavering commitment to defeat stomach cancer once and for all. 
LEAVING PARIS AGREEMENT DAMAGING TO ENVIRONMENT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, abandoning the commitments we made in the Paris climate accord is a massive selfinflicted wound to our environment, our global influence, and our economy. The damage caused to our economy and environment by leaving the Paris Agreement is undeniable, but it was also completely foreseeable. That is why the first piece of legislation I wrote as a member of Congress called for our country to keep the pledges we made in this agreement, the promises we made to the world, and to ourselves. Through his decision, the President is ceding American leadership in the green economy to China, and kneecapping the global effort to counter the effects of climate change. While the President has made his choice, the rest of us can make ours. We must continue to resist global climate change by expanding our commitments to green technology and sustainable practices. If we do so, we will not only address the challenges of our time, but also embrace its opportunities. f 
RECOGNIZING ESTHER BEGAM (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Esther Begam, a Holocaust survivor who recently received her high school diploma from Wayzata High School at the age of 88. In 1942, Nazis invaded Poland and forced 11yearold Esther and her family into a labor camp. Esther tragically lost her mother and her brother in Auschwitz, as well as her older sister in another labor camp. After the war, she married another survivor and moved to Minnesota to start a family. In 2010, she was invited to share her story with the Wayzata High School history class, where she was asked what her biggest regret was, and Esther said she wished she had received her high school diploma. So after hearing her story, the school was able to arrange a graduation ceremony. Last month, Esther was presented with a diploma in front of her children, her grandchildren, and her greatgrandchildren, receiving a standing ovation that was 71 years overdue. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Esther Begam on her accomplishment after overcoming an incredibly difficult life challenge. She is truly an inspiration. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LONNY KAPLAN (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, New Jersey’s 12th Congressional District lost a man of great strength and valor. We lost a husband, a father, an activist. For many others, we lost a great friend. Lonny Kaplan and I met in the 1970s and long maintained a friendship of love and mutual respect. He is not only a statesman, but a hero. His commitment to political activism, especially towards proIsrael causes, made him instrumental in strengthening the relationship between the United States and Israel. Lonny was a respected leader in the Jewish community both here in the state and nationally, and will long be revered by those who had the honor to know him. The loss we feel as a congressional district and as a nation is deep, but I know that Lonny will never be forgotten by the countless lives that he touched. 
ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, June is National Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month, and as a member of the bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease, I am working to address this debilitating disease, its impact on everyday Americans, and its effect on our healthcare system for years to come. Alzheimer’s is the most common form of dementia, and it remains the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, afflicting 5 million Americans, a number which could rise to 16 million by the year 2050. While there are drugs to mitigate the effects of Alzheimer’s, these medications only help those in the earlyto moderate stages of the illness, which worsens over time. Right now there is no cure. I am committed to funding groundbreaking Alzheimer’s research and serving all Americans afflicted and their families suffering from the devastating effects of this disease. The time to act is now. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2213, ANTIBORDER CORRUPTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–162) on the resolution (H. Res. 374) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 10, FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–163) on the resolution (H. Res. 375) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and opportunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the DoddFrank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
THANK YOU, MR. JONES (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, there are people in a person’s life that have a lasting influence, educators who help shape the person that you become. Ron Jones of Port Angeles, Washington, was one of those people for me and for hundreds of others. For the last 42 years, Mr. Jones has been an outstanding music teacher who, for generations of students, was a difference maker in a way that would make Mr. Holland and his opus jealous. On multiple occasions he brought musicians to perform in Carnegie Hall and other places all around, and in doing so, he didn’t just enhance a student’s musical skills, he broadened the horizons of young people. I know he did that for me. He made you want to be better. He made you want to try harder. He made you want to perform well enough to get that genuine Ron Jones smile. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. Jones prepares for his retirement, it is my honor to recognize him here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives, to wish him well, and, on behalf of many grateful students, to simply say: Thank you, Mr. Jones. f 
b1915 HIT THE BEACHES, JUNE 6, 1944, D DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at dawn, in the hard cold rain of the choppy English Channel, thousands of men—boys, really—aboard landing craft assaulted the beaches in a place called Normandy, France. They were under brutal enemy gunfire and artillery shelling. That was the morning of June 6, 1944: DDay. Their buddies, the paratroopers, had earlier, before dawn, landed in France and met the same stiff resistance by the enemy. The Allies were determined to free Europe from the Nazis; and after the gunfire ceased and the smoke cleared, the successful assault that day was costly. At the top of the cliffs of Normandy, among the white crosses and glistening Stars of David, is the national cemetery of America’s war dead. There are 9,387 Americans buried there. The average age is 24. They were the initial casualties of the invasion of Europe. More Americans would later die in the great World War II. Today, we remember those who fought on June 6 and other Americans, like my 91yearold dad, who went to liberate France and not to conquer it. These warriors are the charter members of the Greatest Generation. And that is just the way it is. 
OUR WORD IS OUR BOND (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, our word is our bond. The United States, when it engages internationally with our allies and friends, and even our enemies, our word is our bond. The meetings that the administration had recently in Saudi Arabia, I am sure there were some positive results, but there is no positive result to the disruption that is now occurring between Mideast countries and Qatar. Qatar has some of our military assets that are enormously important. Rumor has it that the administration may be thinking of a regime change. Yes, we have had our concerns with Qatar. We have been concerned about human rights or concerned about various positions with Al Jazeera, but we have worked with them, and we have realized that the emir, over the years, has worked with us in an honest and decent way and treated their people in a manner of decency. I hope this is straightened out. They can’t be starved. We cannot continue to encourage or be part of any disruption in that region. We need them to collaborate against terrorism. We do not need one being fought by others. I would ask that the administration straighten this out, working with those of us who are concerned about our friends in Qatar, and to recognize that there is no specializing and isolating and picking friends. We have to work with all of them in that region to fight against the terror in Iran. I would offer, again, my acknowledgment of DDay and thank those who sacrificed their lives. God bless them. f 
REMEMBERING DDAY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in commemoration of the 73rd anniversary of DDay as well as to recognize the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Midway. These two conflicts were critical in changing the course of World War II. Seventythree years ago today, the eyes of the world watched as Allied forces, under the leadership of General Dwight Eisenhower, stormed the beaches of Normandy. For 4 years, Europe was enslaved in tyranny by the Nazis. To liberate the people of Europe, these brave men parachuted into pitch black fields and vaulted towering cliffs, all while undertaking heavy enemy fire. Two years prior to the DDay landings and 6 months after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the U.S. emerged victorious in one of the most significant and decisive battles in naval history, known as the Battle of Midway. The U.S., under the command of Admiral Nimitz, was able to ambush and destroy four Japanese aircraft carriers. Thanks to the heroic bomber pilots and crews of the U.S. Navy, this battle changed the tide in the Pacific theater. The United States and the world are eternally grateful for the heroism and 
sacrifices that our servicemen and women displayed over 70 years ago today in an uncertain war. 
RECOGNIZING LIONS CLUBS INTERNATIONAL ON IT’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs International, the largest service club organization in the world. With more than 46,000 clubs and 1.4 million members, including 31 clubs and over 1,100 members in my home State of Rhode Island, Lions Club members are transforming lives through dedicated service to communities across the country and around the world. Since 1917, Lions Club members have dedicated themselves to living up to founder Melvin Jones’ inspiring words: ‘‘You can’t get very far until you start doing something for somebody else.’’ In Rhode Island, Lions Club members have transformed the lives of visually impaired and blind Rhode Islanders by hosting Camp Mauchatea for children and working to expand access to high quality, affordable vision care. The incredible support of Rhode Island Lions for the Ronald McDonald House has unquestionably saved lives, and their efforts to raise awareness of the need for foster parents, offer scholarships, and so much more have made a real difference. So on behalf of the people of Rhode Island, it is my privilege to honor Lions Clubs International for their century of service. 
DDAY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on this day, June 6, 1944, 73 years ago, the largest amphibious assault in history landed on the beaches of Normandy, known as Operation Overlord, which we know more commonly as DDay. I rise today, 73 years later, to honor the thousands of Allied soldiers who lost their lives on the beaches of Omaha, Utah, Gold, Juno, and Sword, and those, as well, that lived to carry the battle, ultimately, to Berlin and win. General Eisenhower told his soldiers that ‘‘the hopes and prayers of liberty loving people everywhere march with you.’’ Today we commemorate the operation which began the liberation of Europe from Nazi control and paved the way for the eventual Allied victory in Europe—and for all of us to remain vigilant to preserve that same precious and fragile freedom. As was said in the movie ‘‘Saving Private Ryan,’’ for all of us, ‘‘Earn this.’’ LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. ADERHOLT (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a family emergency. Mr. ROSS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of inclement weather. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of inclement weather. Mr. CLYBURN (at the request of M S. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. CUMMINGS (at the request of M S. PELOSI ) for May 24 through June 9. Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and for the balance of the week. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 2, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 657. To amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 374. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the AntiBorder Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–162). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 375. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and opportunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–163). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself and Mr. TAKANO ): H.R. 2772. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 2773. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Pershing Hall; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself and Mr. TAYLOR ): H.R. 2774. A bill to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Ms. FOXX, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. MITCHELL ): H.R. 2775. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elections be provided to the National Labor Relations Board; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Ms. FOXX, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. MITCHELL ): H.R. 2776. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act with respect to the timing of elections and preelection hearings and the identification of preelection issues; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Ms. HANABUSA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. NORTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. N ORCROSS ): H.R. 2777. A bill to include information regarding VA home loans in the Informed Consumer Choice Disclosure required to be provided to a prospective FHA borrower who is a veteran, to amend title 10, United States Code, to authorize the provision of a certificate of eligibility for VA home loans during the preseparation counseling for members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 2778. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a Smart Technology Traffic Signals Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself and Mr. VALADAO ): H.R. 2779. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to provide through the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMMI) for a Medicaid payment model demonstration project on Medicaid reimbursement for physicians’ services in counties with a disproportionately high proportion of Medicaid enrollees; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 2780. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to create certain requirements for Federal agencies with a SBIR or STTR program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUNN (for himself and Mr. PANETTA ): H.R. 2781. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to certify the sufficient participation of small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans and small business concerns owned by veterans with serviceconnected disabilities in contracts under the Federal Strategic Sourcing Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Mr. BUCSHON ): H.R. 2782. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide students with disabilities and their families with access to critical information needed to select the right college and succeed once enrolled; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 2783. A bill to amend titles 28 and 10, United States Code, to allow for certiorari review of certain cases denied relief or review by the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Ms. NORTON , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. QUIGLEY ): H.R. 2784. A bill to require the Attorney General to establish a ‘‘Good Neighbor’’ code of conduct for federally licensed firearms dealers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for himself and Mr. LAMALFA ): H.R. 2785. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay the reasonable costs of urgent care provided to certain veterans, to establish costsharing amounts for veterans receiving care at an emergency room of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself and Ms. DEGETTE ): H.R. 2786. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hydropower facility; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. JONES , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 2787. A bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a pilot program instituting a clinical observation program for premed students preparing to attend medical school; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. S OTO, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. PINGREE , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. L EE): H.R. 2788. A bill to expand access to health care services, including sexual, reproductive, and maternal health services, for immigrant women, men, and families by removing legal barriers to health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. SCHNEIDER , and Mr. LIPINSKI ): H.R. 2789. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. YODER , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. DEUTCH ): H.R. 2790. A bill to phase out cosmetic animal testing and the sale of cosmetics tested on animals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2791. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to treat infant formula as adulterated if its useby date has passed; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 2792. A bill to amend the Social Security Act to make certain revisions to provisions limiting payment of benefits to fugitive felons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself and Ms. MOORE ): H.R. 2793. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to provide that the consumer transaction account deposits of an insured depository institution are not considered to be funds obtained by or through a deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. W ALDEN, and Mr. S CHRADER ): H.J. Res. 105. A joint resolution condemning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, expressing deepest condolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting community efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself and Mr. FRANKS of Arizona): H. Res. 376. A resolution expressing support for designation of July 2, 2017, as the ‘‘National Day of Personal Reflection and Repentance’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
52. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 15, requesting Congress to adopt the National Park Service’s recommendations as to the additional segments for inclusion in the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 53. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 10, rescinding all previous requests that the Congress of the United States call a convention of states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 54. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Colorado, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 17019, urging the government of the United States of America to take action to preserve and enhance United States leadership in space, spur innovation, and ensure our continued national and economic security by increasing funding for space exploration and activities; ; which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 55. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 26, urging Congress and NASA to name the NASA IV & V Facility at Fairmont for West Virginia mathematician Katherine Coleman Johnson; which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Ms. GABBARD introduced a bill (H.R. 2794) for the relief of Andres Magana Ortiz; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. TAYLOR: H.R. 2772. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States; To establish Post Offices and Post Roads; To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court; and Offenses against the Law of Nations; To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water; To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress; To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockYards, and other needful Buildings; And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 2773. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 2774. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 2775. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 2776. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2777. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 2778. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1. All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 2779. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, United States Constitution. By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 2780. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 2781. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 2782. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 2783. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 2784. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: —Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 2785. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 2786. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 2787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Poewrs, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 2788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 2789. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 2790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution—To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes; By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 2792. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 2793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’) By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 2794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 (Naturalization) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Foreign Commerce) Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 11–16 (Foreign Affairs) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.J. Res. 105. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 15: Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 36: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 37: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 38: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 66: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 140: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 184: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 256: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 257: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 324: Mr. TONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. EVANS , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 338: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 358: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 390: Mr. MESSER and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 398: Ms. TENNEY and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 444: Ms. MENG. H.R. 445: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 453: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 468: Mr. CRIST, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Ms. SPEIER , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 480: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 490: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. CONAWAY , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 525: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 564: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 632: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 635: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. TONKO , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 664: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 671: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 709: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 719: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 721: Mr. REED. H.R. 723: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 747: Mr. COSTA , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr, MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S IMPSON, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. SHUSTER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. CRAWFORD , and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 750: Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. B OST, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 754: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. R USH, and Mr. NADLER . H.R. 757: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 781: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 785: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 788: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 801: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 807: Mr. PAYNE and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 816: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 820: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 826: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 830: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 849: Mr. DUNN, Mr. M URPHY of Penn sylvania, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R OSS, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 850: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 873: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. D ENT, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. PALAZZO , and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 878: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 911: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 916: Mr. ROSS, Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 927: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 952: Mr. EVANS and Mr. R USH. H.R. 959: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 960: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 997: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1002: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1017: Mr. SIRES, Mr. Y ODER , and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1038: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1057: Mr. BABIN, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. H ARPER, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. B ACON , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 1058: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1090: Mr. TROTT and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1094: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1098: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1104: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 1116: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1141: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1143: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1146: Ms. MOORE and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 1148: Mr. ELLISON , Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1156: Mr. VELA. H.R. 1164: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1171: Mr. NOLAN , Mr. L AWSON of Flor ida, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1187: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 1200: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 1212: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1225: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1231: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1235: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. CUELLAR , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. S OTO, Ms. MATSUI , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1243: Mr. CAPUANO and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1247: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1298: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. STIVERS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 1299: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1300: Mr. FORTENBERRY and Mr. D ONOVAN. H.R. 1307: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 1310: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1316: Mr. BARLETTA and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1317: Mr. BRIDENSTINE and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 1334: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 1361: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1393: Mr. HECK, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. HIMES, Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. S HEAPORTER . H.R. 1406: Mr. LIPINSKI , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1409: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M AST, Mr. DENT, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1434: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1439: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1441: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.R. 1454: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 1456: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 1457: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas ka, and Mr. COOK. H.R. 1478: Mr. MCEACHIN and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . H.R. 1491: Mr. COLE. H.R. 1501: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1515: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1529: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 1539: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1542: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 1551: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1556: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1563: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 1599: Mr. FLORES and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 1606: Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 1615: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1626: Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 1661: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 1676: Mr. TROTT and Mr. C ARSON of In diana. H.R. 1697: Mr. HOYER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1698: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1730: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 1772: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1776: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 1777: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas ka, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1785: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 1815: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1820: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 1861: Mr. LANGEVIN and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE. H.R. 1864: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 1873: Mr. MCCLINTOCK and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 1876: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 1877: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 1881: Mr. BABIN and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1910: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 1911: Mr. BURGESS and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 1912: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1928: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. HUNTER , Mr. B ACON , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1953: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. BACON , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1969: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1970: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 1988: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ANETTA , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 1993: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2011: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 2023: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 2044: Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 2056: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2059: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2061: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 2077: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2091: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 2101: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 2106: Mr. HOLDING , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. NUNES , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. MESSER , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 2119: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 2123: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2130: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. UPTON , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il linois, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HURD, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Flor ida, Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. D UNN, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C OLE, Mr. WOMACK , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mrs. NOEM, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W ALKER , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. BARR, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. ROSS, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 2133: Mr. PEARCE , Mr. R EED, and Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 2148: Mr. ROSSand Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 2149: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. SCHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2152: Mr. H UIZENGA and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 2173: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2215: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 2224: Mrs. ROBY, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. GALLAGHER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 2228: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 2230: Mr. LEVIN, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2234: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2240: Mr. GAETZ and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2245: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2259: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2268: Mr. PETERS and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2272: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2273: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2276: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2277: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2302: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 2309: Ms. ROSEN , Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, and Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 2310: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2327: Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 2352: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 2353: Mr. MESSER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 2358: Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2359: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 2379: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 2392: Ms. LEEand Ms. C LARK of Massa chusetts. H.R. 2417: Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. ELLISON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. S INEMA , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. POCAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2422: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 2428: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 2431: Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. J ODYB. NICEof Georgia. H.R. 2435: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 2440: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2451: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. M ENG, Mrs. S ABLAN , Ms. MOORE , Mr. R USH, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. S HEAPORTER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. E VANS , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. B EYER , Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. WALZ, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. CLAY, Ms. L EE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2455: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2456: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2465: Mr. TURNER , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten nessee, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. J ONES , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. HECK, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2482: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. TITUS, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. REED, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2484: Mrs. TORRES , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. CRAMER , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2491: Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2505: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2514: Mr. PAYNE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Miss RICEof New York, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. SLAUGHTER , and Ms. S HEAPORTER . H.R. 2519: Mr. SHIMKUS and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2527: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2542: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 2544: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2550: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 2552: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2556: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2578: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2585: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 2589: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2594: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2601: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. J ODYB. HICEof Georgia, and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2618: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 2621: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. COOK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. T URNER , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. HUNTER , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2622: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 2629: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. LOUDERMILK , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 2633: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 2640: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. E VANS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S ABLAN , and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2645: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 2658: Mr. RASKIN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. DEUTCH , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 2660: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 2666: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2669: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 2675: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 2678: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. W ALZ, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. LOEBSACK , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2679: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2683: Mr. POLIS and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2690: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. E VANS , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. R USH, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2706: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. ROSS, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 2713: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 2721: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 2723: Mr. ALLEN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 2745: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 2751: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 2752: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 2756: Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. NORTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H.J. Res. 50: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. DUNN, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.J. Res. 85: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. CULBERSON . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. BUCHANAN . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina. H. Con, Res. 27: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. CARBAJAL and Mr. KHANNA . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. TAKANO . H. Con. Res. 51: Ms. TITUS. H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. EVANS . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. E VANS , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H. Res. 15: Mr. CRIST, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. FORTENBERRY . H. Res. 28: Mr. DOGGETT and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 30: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H. Res. 31: Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . H. Res. 85: Mr. LYNCH . H. Res. 90: Mr. JEFFRIES . H. Res. 161: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H. Res. 220: Mr. SHIMKUS . H. Res. 252: Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 256: Mr. CLAYand Mr. K ATKO . H. Res. 274: Mr. KEATING , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. ESHOO . H. Res. 279: Mr. ROYCE of California. H. Res. 296: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 317: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 321: Ms. LEE. H. Res. 325: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 330: Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. GOSAR . H. Res. 336: Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. P EARCE . H. Res. 344: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H. Res. 349: Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 351: Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C RIST, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H. Res. 354: Ms. SINEMA , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. GABBARD , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. M ESSER , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, and Ms. S LAUGH TER. H. Res. 355: Mr. BOST, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. DESANTIS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. MESSER . H. Res. 361: Mr. COHEN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative HENSARLING , or a designee, to H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 60: Ms. GRANGER . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3253 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 2017 No. 96 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 