Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank Reverend Robert Hughes of Sedalia, Missouri, for his leadership in the faith community. After beginning his career in film and television, working for media companies like Disney and National Geographic, Reverend Hughes left show business to do God’s business. He entered the ministry, which led him to Sedalia, in Missouri’s Fourth Congressional District, where he serves as the pastor at Broadway Presbyterian Church. Reverend Hughes is well loved by the members of his congregation, and he uses his time and talents to energize others about God’s Word. It was my honor to recommend him as guest chaplain to lead the House in prayer this morning. Reverend Hughes, thank you for your devotion to your community and congregation and for bringing inspiration and encouragement to those you serve. May God bless everything you set your hand to. Your service to God and your church is appreciated. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, the tax bill put forth today by congressional Republicans is a gift to the wealthiest 1 percent and multinational corporations at the expense of our students, homeowners, and seniors. It eliminates critical deductions that help central coast families, including deductions for State and local taxes, mortgage interest, student loans, and medical expenses. With wildfire season in California growing longer each year, this bill callously eliminates tax relief for personal casualty losses resulting from wildfires as well as earthquakes. In fact, this bill would raise taxes on 36 million working and middle class taxpayers by an average of $1,130 a year. With a national debt that has now surpassed $20 trillion, the American people cannot afford this tax bill that adds $1.5 trillion to the deficit and leaves our children stuck with the bill. Americans deserve bipartisan tax reform that simplifies our Tax Code and puts the middle class first. 
TAX RELIEF FOR AMERICAN FAMILIES (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, hardworking families in Michigan have been squeezed for far too long under our broken Tax Code. Wages aren’t going up, yet the cost of living keeps getting more expensive. We developed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act with those low and middleincome families in mind. They need a break. For folks in Michigan, in Monroe, Jackson, Charlotte, and all across my district, this tax cut plan means bigger paychecks and more money in their pocket. At every income level, people will see meaningful tax relief. Our plan doubles the standard deduction and increases the child tax credit to help with the costs of raising a family. It also eases the tax burden on small businesses so they can give their workers a raise and create more jobs in the community. It brings back jobs from overseas and incentivizes job creators to expand and hire here at home. Mr. Speaker, this is a progrowth and proworker plan. Let’s pass it today and help the families we represent get the relief they need. 
AMERICANS DESERVE A BETTER DEAL (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the American people do not support the GOP tax plan being considered today. After promising a simple and fair tax system, Republicans offer a complicated mess. Their tax plan picks winners: the rich, and big corporations, getting nearly $1 trillion in tax cuts. They create losers, like teachers, seniors, students, people with disabilities, and working families who will pay more. This GOP tax scam also targets our Nation’s veterans. More than 300,000 veterans have benefited from the work opportunity tax credit, most of whom served after 9/11. Yet this bill eliminates the tax credit and abandons our servicemembers when they return home and transition to civilian life. Today, one of every three veterans is underemployed, and 1.8 million veterans are stuck in lowwage jobs. Every single veteran should be able to get a familysupporting job at home after serving our Nation. This tax bill asks our veterans and their families to again sacrifice, this time so billionaires and big corporations get a huge tax cut. Mr. Speaker, veterans deserve a better deal and so do American working families. f 
NATIONAL ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I have supported and continue to support increased Federal funding for the promising research going on at the National Institutes of Health in order to encourage more progress addressing the Alzheimer’s situation. November is National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month. There are an estimated 5.5 million Americans living with this debilitating disease, and we know it often goes unreported or undiagnosed. This issue is near and dear to my heart because it has touched my own family, and I have seen firsthand the challenges of supporting a loved one battling the disease. I have been frustrated by the lack of progress. Again, Mr. Speaker, together, we will improve the quality of life for those who are suffering and work toward finding a cure. We must have funding for the NIH to get this done. 
NATIONAL PARKS ARE FOR EVERYONE (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the administration’s proposed national parks entrance fee hike from $25 to $70 per vehicle, which will prohibit many American families from enjoying these beautiful sites. Joshua Tree National Park in my district welcomes as many as 2.5 million visitors each year, contributing $128 million to our local economy. It is a haven for so many: local veterans find solace and healing in the quiet of nature; children experience the beauty of their first hike; visitors come to love the grandeur and the mystique of our desert when they come to stay in Joshua Tree; families bond over the lasting memories they make in the park. Everyone, not just the rich, should have access to these incredible places. Working families are deserving of access to our national parks. Nearly tripling the price of entry means that many families will be priced out of visiting these parks, including many people in my district who live right next to Joshua Tree National Park. Our national parks are not just only for the economically privileged. They are for we, the people, to enjoy. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUCKS COUNTY OPPORTUNITY COUNCIL, COMMUNITY ACTION AGENCY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Bucks County Opportunity Council, Community Action Agency, which serves low income families throughout Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and its economic selfsufficiency program, which recently graduated its 300th family from poverty. This individualized program works with families to end the cycle of poverty by building a plan of action and working with a coach to attain new training and education. To graduate, participants in the program must be free from welfare subsidies, have secured employment, live in safe and affordable housing, have access to safe and reliable transportation, maintain a balanced budget, and have a healthcare plan for their entire family. Mr. Speaker, this program is working. Aside from the total number of graduates, last year’s class of families have more than tripled their salaries. Moreover, in our community, every dollar invested nets nearly $5 saved in cash welfare subsidies. I am proud to stand with the Bucks County Opportunity Council in their mission to reduce poverty and partner with our community to promote economic selfsufficiency. Our community is a better place because of their work. 
REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, as we stand here today, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will tell you that this tax scam bill will help ordinary people. As we New Yorkers say: ‘‘If you buy that one, I’ve got a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you.’’ 
This bill takes a wrecking ball to our middle class. It erases deductions that ordinary, working families count on to stay afloat. It raises taxes on 36 million middle class families. By eliminating the medical expense deduction, this scam will force nearly half a million New Yorkers who already struggle with serious illnesses to dig into overstretched bank accounts just to pay their healthcare bills. By gutting the student loan interest deduction, higher education will become even more expensive for 800,000 New York students. Graduate students will be taxed on tuition waivers. I heard from one woman in my district, a recent Ph.D., who said she would have paid $2,700 in income out of her pretax income of $13,000. The choice is clear. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Reject this scam. 
b0915 SUPPORT THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. For the first time since 1986, this is a real opportunity to challenge the status quo and simplify the Tax Code. For the nearly 82 percent of taxpayers in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District who file jointly under the standard deduction, they are going to see that nearly doubled to $24,000, up from $12,700. According to the IRS, 18 percent of taxpayers in the Fifth District of Pennsylvania choose to itemize their tax returns, averaging about $21,000 in deductions. Doubling the standard deduction means that low and middleincome families, who have been struggling for a long time, will see their tax burden lowered. This proposal truly strives to help families keep more of their hard earned paychecks. Today we have a onceinageneration opportunity that we cannot afford to pass up: more jobs, fair taxes, bigger paychecks. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve no less, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. 
1⁄2minutes of debate remained on the bill. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) has 61 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) has 571⁄2minutes remaining. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ), a key architect of the tax reform plan, a leader and a champion for new business investment. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, for years, the middle class has been saddled with a broken Tax Code and low wages. Small businesses have been crushed by overly complicated rules and a higher tax burden than corporations. As a result, America has suffered from a selfinflicted uncompetitive Tax Code, lagging behind the rest of the world both in economic growth and job creation. Companies have fled for lower tax jurisdictions and more competitive business environments. Since the 1986 Tax Reform Act was passed, Washington has continued to make the Tax Code longer and more complicated, adding special interest loopholes and industryspecific carve outs back into the Code year after year. This has allowed the Tax Code to dictate business decisions instead of letting businesses dictate business decisions. For the first time in 31 years, we are wiping the Tax Code clean and replacing it with one that is fair and simpler for everyone. For the better part of my career, I have advocated for a cashflow tax system that would allow small businesses to expense 100 percent of their costs immediately. H.R. 1 contains an expensing provision that would give businesses the tremendous opportunity to reinvest, allowing them to grow their businesses and create jobs. The impacts for the American economy would be huge. Small businesses across rural California, from the small familyowned farm to the neighborhood restaurant and any other entrepreneur, deserve a type of tax system that allows them to create jobs and be able to compete on an equal footing globally. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I want to just point out to those in the audience, those who are watching this, that today you are going to hear a lot about how Republicans are giving tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires. Mr. Speaker, that is always what the left says about the Republicans. However, you will also hear a lot of talk about people who itemize and SALT deductions and how those are somehow increasing taxes on the middle class. The reality of this, Mr. Speaker, is these deductions go to millionaires and billionaires. So for my friends on the left, you can’t have it both ways. You can’t claim that Republicans are giving tax cuts to millionaires and billionaires when you are attempting to keep the very tax cuts called SALT, State and local tax deductions, that go to millionaires and billionaires. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to take this opportunity to thank Chairman BRADY and all my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. For years, we have been working on this legislation, but this is a historic moment. Congress has the opportunity to positively impact every American by reforming our Tax Code, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic moment, but, most importantly, it is a missed opportunity. Mr. Speaker, we are taking the proposal of the Republican Party today and the financial architecture of our revenue system, based on their request, to the casino. Their argument is premised on one thing today, and one thing only. Maybe. But what about maybe not? This could have been done between the two parties, as we requested and wanted to do. In 1986, 450 witnesses offered testimony on tax reform, thirty hearings were held, and the Secretary of the Treasury attended most of them. The two parties found commonality in reaching an accord that was well received by the American people. What we are being asked to do here today is to raise taxes on 36 million middle class Americans. The previous speaker, my friend from California, a quarter of the households in his district claim the State and local tax deduction, with an average of $10,000 per family. $10,000. So they are going to tell you today that they are giving you this and they are giving you that. Take a look at the distribution tables. That is the most certain opportunity for people to examine precisely what is in this legislation. A gentleman earlier this morning was heralding Alzheimer’s month. They give Alzheimer’s a tax during Alzheimer’s month. For those who stay together with loved ones for as long as they can, they need that deduction that is so important to keeping that family together. This is the same old, same old. In 2001, tax cuts of $1.3 trillion all premised on maybe we will have economic growth. Remember the argument that tax cuts pay for themselves? Well, they, today, call it dynamic scoring. Now we are being asked again to premise the argument on maybe there will be enough growth to generate some return on revenue. In 2003, another $1.3 trillion in terms of a tax cut was offered with no or slow economic growth. And the granddaddy of them all, in 2005, how about repatriation? Foreign earnings were brought back at 5
1⁄4percent, all based upon the idea that there was going to be widespread broadbased hiring. 
What did we discover in the aftermath of that? Almost 20,000 layoffs in the weeks after it. The money was used for stock buybacks and dividends with no employment gains across the country. They keep telling us: Well, you are going to get 3 percent, 4 percent, 5 percent, and the President says 6 percent growth. I want to find that economist who says we are going to get 6 percent growth. Most projections are that we are being asked here today to participate in the following, because this is the context of the argument this morning: They are borrowing $2.3 trillion over 10 years for the purpose of giving a tax cut to people at the very top of our economic system. We should be investing in human capital, community colleges, vocational education, internship programs, and aligning the American people with the skill sets that are necessary, as the Department of Labor reported this week, for the 6 million jobs that are available. That is the most gainful way to do longterm investment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would note that a family of four in Massachusetts’ First District will see a tax cut of nearly $2,000 under this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS), one of our key leaders on the Ways and Means Committee who is really all in on growth and savings for America. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, as a CPA and a member of the House Ways and Means Committee, reforming our Tax Code has been a priority of mine during my entire service here in Congress. Our current Tax Code is broken, and I have heard from thousands of Kansans in my district who are frustrated with the status quo. This legislation will not only reform our broken Tax Code, but it will permanently lower rates for hardworking individuals, families, and businesses while retaining or expanding many popular provisions, such as the dependent care assistance program. It also includes strong safeguards that keep the wealthy from gaming the system in an effort to pay less than their fair share. On average, this legislation will help provide tax relief for all income groups across the board. If you don’t believe me, read the analysis from the Tax Foundation and the Joint Committee on Taxation. They agree. While individuals and families receive a muchneeded tax break, they will also notice that their wages are going up and more jobs are being created. Just the other day, AT&T announced they will be making a substantial investment in the United States once we enact tax reform. Folks are tired of the status quo. They are tired of a Tax Code that is confusing. Once figured out, you realize that it actually penalizes hard work and success. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act accomplishes our goals of ensuring that rates are cut for low and middleincome Americans, simplifying the tax system and expanding American competition within the global economy. This is a rare opportunity to enact the kind of legislation that our constituents need and deserve to grow the economy and put more money in the pockets of hardworking Kansans. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the entire committee for their good work on this important legislation. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), who has a long and distinguished history in this Congress and as a member of the Ways and Means Committee. b0930 (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for all of his work he has done over the years. The Republican tax bill is built on massive deception. The deception is that, as the Speaker put it: ‘‘The focus is on middle class tax relief.’’ That is simply not true. As the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation said, roughly one out of every four Americans with income between $50,000 and $100,000 would pay higher taxes in 2023, far overshadowing the $1,000 or so for other families. In 2019, those earning over $1 million would get an average tax cut of $73,000. Even as modified in lastminute desperation, the wealthiest would receive 90 percent of the new tax break for so called passthrough income. Another deception is that tax breaks pay for themselves. On this, some people may have been in the past fooled once, fewer twice, but none thrice. A further deception is that exploding the deficit and national debt to $1.7 trillion will disappear as it promotes growth. Not only is this a 180degree Republican turn, but it threatens Medicare and other critical programs and will worsen the vast inequalities in income and wealth in America. It is said that necessity is the mother of invention. In this case, Republican political necessity is the mother of desperation and deception. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have a note that the average family of four in Michigan’s Ninth District will receive a tax cut of over $1,700. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ), one of our key leaders on the Ways and Means Committee, who serves on the Tax Policy Subcommittee. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to support this historic bill that will put our economy back on the path to stable and sustained growth. This bill finally levels the playing field and restores the global competitiveness of American businesses by moving to a territorial system. This key aspect of our bill removes the punitive barriers of the current worldwide system and allows companies to reinvest their overseas profits in America, without fear of getting hit with an excessive tax burden. This important change ensures that America remains the best place to start, grow, or invest in a business. As companies begin to see the benefits of this new territorial system, I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman to explore ways to move toward a residencybased taxation system to ensure that American citizens have a level playing field around the global as well. I have heard from companies, American companies, that say as they expand their operations overseas, the Tax Code has made it prohibitive for them to hire Americans for these jobs. In fact, our current system of citizenship based taxation makes Americans nearly 40 percent more expensive to employ overseas than their foreign counterparts. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much for his understanding of this issue and look forward to our continued work to ensure that talent, not tax burden, is the driving factor in the hiring decisions of multinational companies. I am proud to support this bill. I look forward to it growing the economy and ensuring businesses of all sizes have the capital necessary to hire more employees, grow their operation, and give Americans the raise they deserve. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for his leadership on this issue, in particular, about international competitiveness for our workers. Residencebased taxation is an idea we should continue to explore. We will continue to work on this issue with him as leadership. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS), who has the highest professional and personal esteem of every Member of this institution. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr. NEAL, for yielding. I rise with a heavy heart to join him in opposing this meanspirited, reckless bill. Mr. Speaker, 30 years ago, I was elected to fight for and to serve the people of my district. Today, they are calling and begging for us to slow down and to do this the right way. In their heart of hearts, the public knows that the safety net will be used to pay for this reckless corporate tax cut. Taxpayers know that this shameful deal destroys the hopes and dreams of 
too many as it robs poor Peter to pay wealthy Paul. That is not right. That is not fair. That is not just. Mr. Speaker, you cannot hide the truth from the sick, the elderly, the disabled for whom this bill may mean life or death. You cannot hide the truth from the middle class, working, and immigrant families who need every penny to make ends meet. You cannot hide the truth from teachers who try to lend a helping hand to students who struggle to get an education. I, for one, refuse to hide the truth about this bill’s attack on the separation of church and State. Mr. Speaker, as we abandon our constitutional duty and sacrifice our moral authority, I fear that history will not be kind to any of us. In another time, in another period, Members of Congress came together in a bipartisan fashion. They met, debated, and passed a tax bill that served the best interest of all people—not just a select few. They took their time. They did it right, and we should be doing it right. Today, the RECORD must reflect the sad truth of this missed opportunity. H.R. 1 steals from our veterans, our seniors, our children, and from generations yet unborn. All taxpayers expect, demand, and deserve better—much better—than legislation which would put politics before the good of the people. This bill is a shame, a disgrace, and honestly, Mr. Speaker, it breaks my heart. I urge each and every one of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to report that the average family of four in the Fifth District of Georgia will see a tax cut of $1,484. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ), one of the new members of the Ways and Means Committee who has really been a leader for families, small businesses, and industry. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding, for his steadfast leadership, and for giving me the opportunity to be a part of this incredible opportunity on behalf of this great country. Tax reform is about giving hardworking Americans of all walks of life the confidence they need to make their dreams a reality. So the question that needs to be asked is whether or not the current Tax Code, and all of its targeted tax credits, really increases people’s paychecks. Does it treat people fairly? Does it put American workers first? What about fostering economic growth? Does it help create more good paying jobs? On that subject, I think Michigan is a great case study, my home State of Michigan. You see, I am from the Motor City where we are known for our bluecollar work ethic. Our families come from humble beginnings. They get up every morning and go to work to make ends meet to build a better life for their family and for their kids. We persevered through some pretty serious economic death spirals, I must say, and I would refer back to 2008 as an example. More than 8,000 people left our State. Just think about that. We are the only State in the Union to lose population— and more would have left if they had a chance to sell their homes. At the time, I was the Senate majority leader in Michigan under the last administration, overseeing the only Republican branch of government. I saw firsthand how the administration pursued targeted tax credits, one after the other, that favored one industry over the other. It was a classic example of government picking winners over losers, and as expected, it failed miserably. As we see at the Federal level today, in Michigan, these targeted tax benefits were paid for by everyone else in the form of tax increases, and not only did it fail to attract growth in emerging sectors as they had hoped, but it caused our economy to go into a tailspin, a very serious tailspin. Michigan quickly became the only State in the country experiencing zero economic growth. Per capita income fell for the first time. It was one of the highest to begin with, and just a few years later, it was one of the lowest. By 2009, unemployment hit a record high of 15 percent. Neighboring States that had more hospitable environments for good job growth attracted our families and our neighbors. As I said, we are the only State in the Union to lose population. But as Senate majority leader at that time of the only Republican branch of government, we didn’t just say no to the government’s failed policies. We offered solutions and loaded up the pipeline with legislation to help the newly elected Republican legislature and Governor Rick Snyder get the job done. What did we do? We did exactly what we are doing here today. We started with tax reform. While balancing budgets, we found ways to lower rates on individuals, reduce baseline rates for job creators, and eliminate tax credits that favored certain industries over others. Michigan created an environment that grew the economy and helped families get ahead. Sure enough, just 2 months after these reforms happened, job growth turned positive again in Michigan. Today, in Michigan, we are a top 10 probusiness State and ranked 12th among all States for overall business climate. Unemployment is the lowest it has been in my home district of 3.3 percent, in Livingston County. Detroit is reemerging again as an economic powerhouse. The streets are alive with entrepreneurs and young people finally living downtown. The future looks great for the comeback city. The moral of this story is tax reform, but it is not just about tax cuts. It is about real reform to a broken system. Getting tax reform done right means delivering real relief, and I have seen it firsthand in Michigan. I know it can happen at the national level. It is not rocket science. It is about giving people back more that is rightfully theirs. It is about freeing up more capital to create more jobs, increase wages, and compete at the global level. This is how you grow an economy from the ground up. Mr. Speaker, let’s vote for our constituents today. Do it for the middle income family of four or the struggling mom. Let’s pass this bill today. It has been 31 years. It is time for relief. It is long overdue. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, under the Republican tax bill, 570,000 Michigan households earning less than $160,000 a year will see a tax hike. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP SON), a thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee, whose admonitions to all of us should be something we could all rally around. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this reckless and fiscally irresponsible bill that is going to add $2.3 trillion to our national debt. There is a reason why airports, universities, the Fraternal Order of Police, home builders, and veterans groups are opposed to this bill. It is because it will increase taxes on tens of millions of middle class families. That is according to the Joint Committee on Taxation. One of the most heartless provisions would make it harder for middle class families to rebuild after disaster. When you vote today, you are telling the survivors of the California fires that you don’t care about them or about the middle class families in your district who one day may face a tornado or a hurricane—all to save a few dollars so that we can give a tax break to corporations. We have a chance today to reject this bill, to come together, hold hearings, and hear from experts—something that wasn’t done when the Republicans wrote this bill. We can take ideas from both side of the aisle and write a tax bill that helps middle class working families. Let’s reject this bill and work on real tax reform that will not raise taxes on the middle class and won’t add $2.3 trillion—that is with a T—to our national debt. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the average family of four in California’s Fifth District will see a tax cut of $2,300. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), who has been an advocate not only for Floridians but Puerto Rico and a number of our families and communities around the country. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This crucial legislation before us today marks the first time in 31 years that Congress has considered a major overhaul to the current Tax Code that 
is overly cumbersome, wildly outdated, and riddled with specialinterest loopholes. Mr. Speaker, it is obvious there is a great deal of frustration and anxiety in our country. I truly believe it is due to the fact that the economic recovery has not reached every household. Throughout south Florida, I hear from families and small businesses who are worried about saving for their kids’ college or making payroll. While the stock market is humming and unemployment is low, wages have been stagnant, and the socalled recovery has left way too many people behind. b0945 That is why this bill is so important. This legislation will collapse and lower current tax rates to ensure a typical middleincome family in south Florida will receive about $1,500 in tax relief. For married couples, it doubles the standard deduction from $12,000 to $24,000, drastically simplifying the process of filing taxes each year for over 90 percent of Americans while allowing taxpayers to keep more of their hardearned money. The bill also expands the child tax credit from $1,000 to $1,600 per child, a benefit that will be seen by 43,768 taxpayers in Florida’s 26th District, while we are also making it easier to save for college by expanding 529 plans to cover more expenses, including apprenticeship programs. All these benefits will directly help alleviate the increasing cost of raising a family. On the business side, this bill gives American companies of all sizes, especially our smaller enterprises and entrepreneurs, a chance to compete and win in the new globalized economy. By providing businesses with lower tax rates, we will make it easier for job creators to invest here at home and increase paychecks for American workers. Mr. Speaker, as a proud Member of the Ways and Means Committee, I commend Chairman BRADY , his staff, and the Members of this House who will soon support this onceinalifetime opportunity to ensure we provide all Americans, especially the most vulnerable, the opportunity to find their economic success. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman BRADY for working with me to begin addressing the important issue of helping our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico. After the devastating effects of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, our committee delivered immediate results for the island through a disaster tax relief package targeted to help people get back on their feet. While it will take at least months for the island to fully recover, we are providing even more assistance to Puerto Rico with the legislation being considered today. I want to thank Chairman BRADY for helping us extend the rum coverover to $13.25 per proof gallon to be paid back to the treasuries of both Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands through 2023. I am also grateful that under this bill, companies operating in Puerto Rico can deduct income attributable to domestic production activities retroactively for the year 2017. Moving forward, I am hopeful we can work together to find creative solutions to better target the child tax credit to serve more Puerto Rico families and study the expanded use of the earned income tax credit for the Commonwealth. In addition, I look forward to continuing to work on solutions to ensure the businesses operating on the island have the certainty they need in terms of tax planning to hire more workers and strengthen Puerto Rico’s economy. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, 22,000 constituents of the gentleman from Miami’s district will eventually face the Alzheimer’s tax increase that is included in this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON), who is a neighbor, a really nice guy, and a very thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I include in the RECORD , first a letter from the Commissioner of Revenue Services in the State of Connecticut, who has detailed out the impact of this tax on Connecticut residents. 
NOVEMBER 8, 2017. Hon. JOHNB. L ARSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN LARSON : Thank you for opportunity to comment on the federal tax changes being considered in H.R. 1. We appreciate your leadership in trying to set the record straight as this partisan effort is rushed to judgment with no real input and much fiscal uncertainty. Unfortunately, what we see so far from a national and state perspective is very troubling. Some of the proposals to reduce taxes on corporate and passthrough business income could provide needed economic stimulus nationally and for states like Connecticut. Unfortunately, on balance, H.R. 1 is fundamentally flawed: Even the low estimate of a $1.5 trillion cost is not paid for and is really massive federal tax deficit spending. The nation has been down this road before and surely we should have learned something from the worst economic recession in modern times. Otherwise unaffordable tax cuts have long been part of a political strategy to ‘‘starve the beast.’’ Due to its long term unfunded cost, this Republican tax plan will compel big cuts in federal funding, such as Medicaid, that are important to states like Connecticut. Contrary to all the talk of a ‘‘middle income tax cut,’’ the plan actually represents a huge windfall to the very wealthiest federal taxpayers and is truly regressive. For our own state of Connecticut, over 75% of the tax cut goes to the top 1% who would pay 8.5% less on average. Everyone else would see a trivial 1.2% reduction in federal tax liability and many will actually owe much more in federal income taxes. As discussed more specifically below, the proposed plan shifts most of the tax cost and the least of any tax benefit to states in the Northeast, Great Lakes and West Coast regions of the country. Thus, Connecticut and similar states will even more disproportionately pay in federal taxes far more than is received in federal benefits—further subsidizing regions of the country where states make far less of a state and local tax effort. Drilling down a bit further, several aspects of this partisan plan will hit especially hard: Eliminating deductibility of state income tax paid is worth an estimated $8.7 billion to mostly middle income Connecticut taxpayers. Capping deductibility of local property tax paid at $10,000 will increase federal income taxes for a significant proportion of Connecticut taxpayers who claim $4.9 billion. Any benefit to lower and lower moderate income taxpayers from higher standard deductions and child care credits will likely be more than offset by the shell game of imposing a higher lowest rate bracket of 12% and replacing the current $4,050 personal exemption with a $300 deduction that is proposed to end in 5 years. Eliminating deductibility of medical/dental expenses will be $1.6 billion hardship for Connecticut taxpayers at all levels who are out of work and have catastrophic medical costs. Eliminating deductibility of student loan interest only adds a further financial burden for primarily younger taxpayers and their families already struggling with educational indebtedness. Sadly, these and many other significant issues of fiscal irresponsibility and tax unfairness seem to be of no concern in the partisan rush to pass legislation before taxpayers see through the slogans and realize the costs. Indeed, glimpses of what may be in the Republican Senate version suggests that it will only get worse. Thank you for your efforts to speak out for our Connecticut taxpayers and set the record straight. Sincerely, KEVIN B. S ULLIVAN , Commissioner. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Second, Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter out of a cross section of constituents who are directly and adversely impacted by this tax increase. 
MIDDLE CLASS CUTS  Ms. Diane Hebenstreit—West Hartford, CT 06107 I am a lifetime resident of Connecticut, and I ask that you do not vote for the proposed Federal Tax plan. From what I see, it’s providing large tax breaks that benefit the rich and the corporations. The estate tax benefit we have now is more than generous, only the very wealthy will benefit from repealing the estate tax. The proposed caps on state and property tax deductions combined with the increased standard deduction, will cause myself as well as others to use the standard deduction instead of itemizing. This will eliminate the financial benefit of owning my home, and I am concerned it will negatively affect its value. The personal exemption of $4,050 is going away. This is not something that’s been highlighted in the news. So as a single payer, I’ll receive a $12,000 standard deduction, but loose the $4,050 personal exemption resulting in more of my income being taxed than under the current plan. And at a higher rate! I am currently in the 10% tax bracket. Under this new plan it will increase to 12%. This is not a tax plan that benefits me, or I expect any other middle income resident. Vote No. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a 
transcript of an interview with our esteemed chairman, KEVIN BRADY , and Heidi Przybyla that appeared on ‘‘Morning Joe.’’ 
FRIDAY , NOVEMBER 3  Heidi Przybyla, USA Today: This economic growth that you all are promising, it cannot happen unless the cuts occur at the same time. In fact the Joint Committee on Taxation’s economic model assumes that the type of tax cuts that you’re doing now that are not paid for could actually be a drag on economic growth. Can you please speak to that? Brady: The reason we moved back towards a balanced budget is one, there is substantial growth, miss, but again, that won’t do it. You have to simplify the code, eliminate so much of these special breaks on the business and the individual side as well. It’s the combination of both of those that gets you back to a balanced budget over time. That’s why people complain ‘Look you’re really simplifying the code dramatically, there’s a lot of things that go’. Not everyone is happy about that but that is what, sort of the tough choices you have to make, along with growth, to make sure this moves us toward a balanced budget. Przybyla: But that is not what’s happening here. This is still, regardless of these loopholes that you’re closing, it’s still a big blowhole in the deficit and that is not what the model was in ’86 for instance when Reagan did it. This model that I’m speaking of still assumes that this could be a drag on economic growth because you’re not doing the type of spending cuts, not just simplification in the code, but spending cuts. Brady: Here, one, there are a number of models on growth and I’m sure there will be a healthy debate, that’s a good thing. What we know is this dramatically grows the economy in revenues not just here in Washington, but state and local levels as well. But you make a great point: tax reform alone, alone won’t get us to a balanced budget, we have to have spending constraints along with that. As I know, as House Republicans, we are turning toward welfare reform and how we tackle our entitlements in a way to save them. That’s all part of the steps it takes to get us back to a fiscally responsible area. But I do know this, is you want to see continued deficits and debts, just stay with a slow growth economy like we saw the last ten years. We know what that produced. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I also include in the RECORD a letter from AARP, who is in opposition to this bill. 
AARP, November 15, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our members and all Americans age 50 and older, AARP is writing to express our views on H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 States and the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, represents individuals affected by H.R. 1 in myriad ways. As we did with the last major effort at tax reform a generation ago, AARP is prepared to support tax legislation that makes the tax code more equitable and efficient, promotes growth, and produces sufficient revenue to pay for critical national programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. However, H.R. 1 in its current form does not meet these criteria. Efforts to restructure all or part of the federal tax system should in particular recognize the importance of—and therefore maintain—incentives for health and retirement security. Such incentives are not only important to assist individuals in attaining the security they deserve, but are vital to our nation’s future economic wellbeing AARP is dedicated to enhancing retirement security, including retention of the extra standard deduction for those ages 65 or older; improving access to, and targeted incentives for, work place retirement saving plans, and protection of earned pensions for vulnerable retirees and their families. We greatly appreciate that H.R. 1 rejects proposals to make significant changes to the tax treatment of retirement contributions, which would have affected the ability or commitment of many tax filers to save for their retirement. AARP also remains committed to advocating for affordable, meaningful health care, including retention of the medical expense itemized deduction at 7.5%, preservation of tax exempt status of employer sponsored insurance coverage; maintenance of tax subsidies for lower and moderateincome Americans to purchase health insurance coverage in health care marketplaces; and the creation of a new, nonrefundable tax credit for working family caregivers. As tax legislation advances, changes to the tax code should not result in a disproportionate, adverse impact on older Americans According to the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT), H.R. 1 will reduce taxes for millions of taxpayers beginning in 2019. We are concerned, however, that in 2027, also according to JCT, the 73 million taxpayers with incomes between $10,000 and $50,000 would collectively pay $2.9 billion more in individual income taxes AARP has estimated that H.R. 1 will increase taxes on 1.2 million taxpayers age 65 and older in 2018, and by 2027, 4.9 million older taxpayers will experience higher taxes In addition, H.R. 1 will provide no tax relief for 5.1 million older taxpayers in 2018 and 5.3 million taxpayers by 2027. The impact on older tax filers is the cumulative result of many policy changes made in H.R. 1, but a number of specific provisions disproportionately affect older Americans. Nearly threequarters of tax filers who claim the medical expense deduction are age 50 or older and live with a chronic condition or illness. Seventy percent of filers who claim this deduction have income below $75,000. H.R. 1 also eliminates the additional standard deduction for filers who are 65 and older, while at the same time increasing the lowest tax rate. These provisions, along with other proposals that more broadly affect the tax liability of millions of filers, such as the expiration of the new Family Flexibility Credit in 2023, and the partial repeal of the state and local tax deduction, result in little tax benefit to many older tax filers, and for others, a tax increase. Also troubling is the negative effect H.R. 1 will have on the nation’s ability to fund critical priorities. H.R. 1 will increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion over the next ten years, and an unknown amount beyond 2027. The large increase in the deficit will inevitably lead to calls for greater spending cuts, which are likely to include dramatic cuts to Medicare, Medicaid and other critical programs serving older Americans. The Congressional Budget Office has now published a letter stating that unless Congress takes action, H.R. 1 will result in automatic federal funding cuts of $136 billion in fiscal year 2018, $25 billion of which must come from Medicare. We urge Congress to work in a bipartisan manner to enact tax legislation that better meets the needs of older Americans and the nation, and we stand ready to work with you toward that end. Sincerely, NANCY A. L EAMOND, Executive Vice President and Chief Advocacy and Engagement Officer. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from the Congressional Budget Office, which details out the other shoe to fall in this legislation. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. CONGRESS , Washington, DC, November 13, 2017. Hon. STENY H. H OYER , Democratic Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN : This letter responds to your request for information about the effects of legislation that would raise deficits by an estimated $1.5 trillion over the 2018– 2027 period, specifically with respect to a sequestration—or cancellation of budgetary resources—in accordance with the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 (PAYGO; Public Law 111–139). The PAYGO law requires that new legislation enacted during a term of Congress does not collectively increase estimated deficits. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is required to maintain two socalled PAYGO scorecards to report the cumulative changes generated by new legislation in estimated revenues and outlays over the next five years and ten years. If either scorecard indicates a net increase in the deficit, OMB is required to order a sequestration to eliminate the overage. The authority to determine whether a sequestration is required (and if so, exactly how to make the necessary cuts in budget authority) rests solely with OMB. CBO has analyzed the implications of enacting a bill that would increase deficits by $1.5 trillion over a 10year window, without enacting any further legislation to offset that increase. In accordance with the PAYGO law, OMB would record the average annual deficit on its PAYGO scorecard, showing deficit increases of, in the example provided, $150 billion per year. If the bill were enacted before the end of the calendar year, that amount would be added to the current balances on the PAYGO scorecard, which for 2018, show a positive balance of $14 billion. (For years after 2018, the balances range from a $14 billion credit to a $1 billion debit.) Without enacting subsequent legislation to either offset that deficit increase, waive the recordation of the bill’s impact on the scorecard, or otherwise mitigate or eliminate the requirements of the PAYGO law, OMB would be required to issue a sequestration order within 15 days of the end of the session of Congress to reduce spending in fiscal year 2018 by the resultant total of $136 billion. However, the PAYGO law limits reductions to Medicare to four percentage points (or roughly $25 billion for that year), leaving about $111 billion to be sequestered from the remaining mandatory accounts. Because the law entirely exempts many large accounts including lowincome programs and social security, the annual resources available from which OMB must draw is, in CBO’s estimation, only between $85 billion to $90 billion, significantly less than the amount that would be required to be sequestered. (For a full list of accounts subject to automatic reductions, see OMB Report to the Congress on the Joint Committee Reductions for Fiscal Year 2018, https://go.usa.gov/xnZ3U.) Given that the required reduction in spending exceeds the estimated amount of available resources in each year over the next 10 years, in the absence of further legislation, OMB would be unable to implement the full extent of outlay reductions required by the PAYGO law. If you wish further details on this estimate, we will be pleased to provide them. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by preempting 
our distinguished chairman and, for the RECORD , state that a middle class family in the State of Connecticut, from West Hartford, with a combined income of $125,000, with a mortgage and a kid in college, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation and to the Department of Revenue Services in the State of Connecticut, will see a tax increase of $767 next year. Then with the clever clawback provision—that Grover Norquist kind of clawback provision that gives with one hand and takes away with the other— in 2023, that hardworking family in the middle class will see a $1,667 increase. So why are we here? It is pretty easy to figure out this. These are honorable people, but sometimes they are called upon to do a political task, or as Mr. COLLINS put it: My donors are basically saying, ‘‘Get it done or don’t ever call me again.’’ Speaking of New York, my colleagues in New York and New Jersey, because we are donor States and because we make itemized deductions, we find ourselves in the situation where we are paying double taxation. Don’t take our word for it. Just ask a member of your own caucus. Ask PETER KING, who describes this as the most massive redistribution of wealth at the expense of teachers, machinists, and people who are of the professional class whom you have found that you want to tax their success. But what adds insult to injury above all else, aside from being a donor State and double taxation, is the cruelest cut. We take a Pledge of Allegiance. We pledge allegiance to the Constitution. But some of you pledge allegiance to Grover Norquist. In doing so, you want to make sure that you can shrink Social Security and Medicare up so small you can drown it in the bathtub. That is what this does: $25 billion will come out of that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are advised to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. I would note that families in Connecticut’s First District will see an average tax cut of $3,858 and grow jobs by 11,000 jobs. Mr. Speaker, I rise to enter into a colloquy with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). Mr. CURBELO , you and Resident Commissioner GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nhave been tireless advocates for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. I appreciate the hard work you have done to help our fellow citizens on the island. I agree, this tax reform bill is a good first step, and I look forward to working with you on ideas to best serve the people on this island. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY for that. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), who is one of the most thoughtful Members of Congress, a leader in the field of renewable energy, and my friend. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from 17 environmental organizations opposing this legislation. 
NOVEMBER 8, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , on behalf of our millions of members and activists, we write to urge you to oppose the Republican leadership’s tax legislation, the misnamed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1). This plan would lavish huge and permanent tax cuts to the richest 1% and corporate polluters that are destined to be paid for by the health and environmental wellbeing of communities across the country. The bill’s debtbusting tax cuts for the wealthiest are sure to mean deep cuts to federal and state programs and safeguards that protect our air, water, lands, and wildlife that benefit people across this country every day. The plan puts at risk our clean energy future by preserving tax breaks for dirty energy sources while slashing them for cleaner forms of energy. And if the tax plan itself weren’t harmful enough, it is also being packaged in the Senate with unrelated, controversial legislation that hands over the pristine and sacred Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to exploitation by Big Oil. This plan steers most of its tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country and corporations and adds at least $1.5 trillion to the deficit. Americans across the country will suffer because those tax cuts are likely to be paid for by slashing services and safeguards that our government provides, from healthcare to education to environmental protection. The health of communities across the nation will suffer if the Environmental Protection Agency is further hampered in its mission to protect public health and hold polluters accountable for violating laws like the Clean Air Act and Safe Drinking Water Act. The people who work in and benefit from America’s thriving outdoor recreational economy will take a hit if the national parks and other lands stewarded by the Department of the Interior are forced to suffer further cuts because of this reckless tax plan. This tax plan also steers our nation’s energy policy in the wrong direction by leaving in place the vast majority of existing tax preferences for polluting industries like oil, gas, coal and nuclear and reducing, phasing out, and eliminating incentives for cleaner sources of energy. Permanent tax breaks for fossil fuels dwarf those for renewables by a margin of 7:1, yet this bill would suddenly eliminate the tax credit for purchasing an electric vehicle, disrupt the wind industry by reducing the credit for future projects by a third and placing into jeopardy the eligibility of existing projects, and eliminate the commercial solar investment credit. While some clean energy technology credits are reintroduced, they, too, are set to phase out. Meanwhile, oil companies will receive a new billion dollar hand out while only the smallest of existing preferences for fossil fuels are eliminated—leaving more than $14 billion in permanent annual federal subsidies untouched. Despite rhetoric from GOP leaders that the tax code shouldn’t pick winners and losers, this bill very clearly picks polluting energy sectors as winners yet again, putting at risk the impressive growth of clean energy and robbing us and our children of a cleaner future. The GOP leadership’s plan is to package this tax legislation in the Senate with unrelated, controversial legislation that would open up the iconic Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling. This legislation would irreversibly damage one of America’s greatest wild places and is only being included in a desperate attempt to secure enough votes in the Senate for tax cuts for corporations and the wealthiest Americans. The Arctic Refuge’s spectacular landscape of rugged mountains, boreal forests, and wild rivers supports more than 250 species including polar and brown bears, musk oxen, and birds that migrate from all 50 states and 6 continents each year. The indigenous Gwich’in people call the refuge’s coastal plain ‘‘The Sacred Place Where Life Begins,’’ an area that serves as the calving grounds for the Porcupine Caribou Herd which they rely on as a primary source of food, and for cultural and spiritual needs. This provision is being included in an attempt to generate $1 billion in government revenue to pay for the package’s tax cuts for the wealthy, but multiple analyses show that it is unlikely to raise anywhere close to that amount. In short, including drilling in the Arctic Refuge in the tax legislation is both environmentally and fiscally irresponsible. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose H.R. 1 and instead work together on legislation that will truly benefit our communities, power our economy with clean, renewable energy, and protect the environment that we all depend upon for our health and well being. Sincerely, 350.org, Alaska Wilderness League, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Earthjustice, Environment America, Friends of the Earth, Greenpeace, Hip Hop Caucus, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, Oil Change International, Public Citizen, Sierra Club, The Wilderness Society, Union of Concerned Scientists, Voices for Progress. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump is going to be on Capitol Hill rallying Republicans to vote for his tax bill perfectly designed for his benefit: eliminating the alternative minimum tax, one of the few ways he pays any tax at all; abolishing the inheritance tax, allowing him to pass on taxfree hundreds of millions of dollars to his family; and expanding access to the lower passthrough tax rates for many large and profitable businesses. Donald Trump lists hundreds of passthrough entities on his financial forms. Donald Trump is the king of debt, and this monstrosity of a tax bill is fueled by increasing the national debt $2.3 trillion and cutting taxes for the wealthy financed by increased debt burden on our children and grandchildren. Of course, details are starting to leak out, such as special deals for baseball teams. Breaking a bipartisan commitment to the wind energy industry is already causing their stock prices to fall, jeopardizing billions of dollars of projects and putting tens of thousands of jobs at risk with the only retroactive provision in the bill breaking a bipartisan commitment that many of us worked on with the energy industry. The Republican proposal showers riches on the wealthiest Americans and most profitable corporations who are not going to create jobs and raise wages. What they are going to do is buy things and make more money. What is going to happen is that, in the years ahead, taxes are going to rise for millions of Americans and even more in the future. 
Now, this tax perhaps has the most cruel element—what I call the Alzheimer’s tax—repealing the medical expense deduction used by over 9 million middle class Americans who saved almost $90 billion in 2015—gone. This stunning action places additional burdens on many elderly and vulnerable middleincome Americans trying to plan ahead for the crushing financial burden dealing with Alzheimer’s. We never had a hearing on anything like this. It wouldn’t stand the light of day. The American public will be cranky about this. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to report that families of four, the average family in Oregon’s Third District, will see a tax cut of $2,200. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ), who is the chairman of the Financial Services Committee and a dear friend of mine. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, for almost a decade, Americans suffered under Obamanomics. Their savings remain decimated, their paychecks were stagnant, and their American dreams were diminished. But, Mr. Speaker, a new day has dawned. Under the leadership of President Trump, Speaker RYAN, and Chairman BRADY , we are on the precipice of passing a fairer, flatter, simpler, and more competitive Tax Code, one built for 3plus percent economic growth. The American people can now imagine a Tax Code that brings jobs and capital back to America. They can imagine a Tax Code that is simplified from 70,000 pages to 500, where 90 percent of Americans can fill out their return on a postcard. They can imagine a Tax Code swept of all the special interest loopholes. They can imagine a Tax Code creating lower rates for working Americans and small businesses, and they can now imagine a Tax Code that is all about economic growth. All my friends on the other side of the aisle can offer is the politics of division, envy, and class warfare. I am proud to support the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because it is all about better jobs, fair taxes, and bigger paychecks. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, 17,000 people in Mr. HENSARLING ’s district will now pay higher interest on their student loan deductions. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), who is a great advocate for the heartland of America. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, of all the policy changes that are being recommended in this legislation before us today, the one that scares me the most is the repeal of the socalled Johnson amendment. The Johnson amendment basically says: If you are a religious organization or a nonprofit and if you engage in partisan political activity, you lose your taxexempt status. Repealing that has the potential of politicizing the pulpit nationwide. In fact, 103 religious organizations, 4,200 faithbased leaders in this country, and 5,500 nonprofits have written a letter to every Member of Congress telling us: Don’t do this. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  these letters. 
Jewish Community Relations Council, Greater Boston; Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington; Jewish Council for Public Affairs; The Jewish Federations of North America; Jewish Women International; Kentucky Council of Churches; MidAtlantic Cooperative Baptist Fellowship; National Advocacy Center of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd; National Baptist Convention of America; National Council of Churches; National Council of Jewish Women; National Sikh Campaign; NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; New Baptist Covenant; North Carolina Council of Churches; Oklahoma Conference of Churches; Pastors for Oklahoma Kids; Pastors for Texas Children; Pax Christi, Montgomery County, MD chapters; Pennsylvania Council of Churches. Presbyterian Church USA, Washington Office of Public Witness; Progressive National Baptist Convention; Reconstructionist Rabbinical Assembly; Religions for Peace USA; Religious Institute; Rhode Island State Council of Churches; Seventhday Adventist Church in North America; South Carolina Christian Action Council; South Dakota Faith in Public Life; T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights; Tennessee Cooperative Baptist Fellowship; Texas Baptists Committed; Texas Faith Network; Texas Impact; Union for Reform Judaism; Unitarian Universalist Association; Unitarian Universalist Service Committee; Unitarian Universalists for Social Justice; United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries; The United Methodist Church, General Board of Church and Society; Virginia Council of Churches; Women of Reform Judaism; Women’s Alliance for Theology, Ethics and Ritual (WATER). 
FAITH VOICES , August 16, 2017. Representative RONKIND, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE KIND: As a leader in my religious community, I am strongly opposed to any effort to repeal or weaken current law that protects houses of worship from becoming centers of partisan politics. Changing the law would threaten the integrity and independence of houses of worship. We must not allow our sacred spaces to be transformed into spaces used to endorse or oppose political candidates. Faith leaders are called to speak truth to power, and we cannot do so if we are merely cogs in partisan political machines. The prophetic role of faith communities necessitates that we retain our independent voice. Current law respects this independence and strikes the right balance: houses of worship that enjoy favored taxexempt status may engage in advocacy to address moral and political issues, but they cannot tell people who to vote for or against. Nothing in current law, however, prohibits me from endorsing or opposing political candidates in my own personal capacity. Changing the law to repeal or weaken the ‘‘Johnson Amendment’’—the the section of the tax code that prevents taxexempt nonprofit organizations from endorsing or opposing candidates—would harm houses of worship, which are not identified or divided by partisan lines. Particularly in today’s political climate, engaging in partisan politics and issuing endorsements would be highly divisive and have a detrimental impact on congregational unity and civil discourse. 
I therefore urge you to oppose any repeal or weakening of the Johnson Amendment, thereby protecting the independence and integrity of houses of worship and other religious organizations in the charitable sector. 
Respectfully, Wisconsin— Rabbi Jessica Barolsky, Rabbi, Reform Judaism, Milwaukee, WI. Pastor Kara Baylor, Director of the Center for Faith and Spirituality, Carthage College, Kenosha, WI. Rev. RaeAnn Beebe, Pastor, St. Paul’s United Church of Christ, Oshkosh, WI. Rabbi Marc Berkson, Rabbi, Congregation EmanuEl B’ne Jeshurun, Milwaukee, WI. Ms. Andrea Bernstein, Section President, National Council of Jewish Women—Milwaukee Section, Milwaukee, WI. Rabbi Jonathan Biatch, Rabbi, Temple Beth El, Madison, Madison, WI. Rev. Mary Anne Biggs, Pastor, First Congregational United Church of Christ, Eagle River, WI. Coral Bishop, Treasurer, First Baptist Church, Madison, WI. Sr. Barbara Brylka, Pastoral Care Services, Felician Sisters—Villa St. Francis, Milwaukee, WI. Sr. Rebecca Burke, Sister, Sisters of St. Francis of Assisi, Saint Francis, WI. Rabbi David Cohen, Rabbi, Congregation Sinai, Milwaukee, WI. Rev. Cindy Crane, Lutheran Office for Public Policy in Wisconsin, Madison, WI. Rev. Michael Crosby, CR Agent, Province of St. Joseph of the Capuchin Order, Milwaukee, WI. Sr. Frances Cunningham, Senior Sister, School Sisters of St. Francis, Roman Catholic, Shorewood, WI. Rev. Glenn Danz, Pastor, St. Paul’s United Church of Christ, Colgate, WI. Mr. Steven C. Davis, Certified Lay Speaker/Leader, United Methodist Church of Whitefish Bay, Glendale, WI. Dr. Beverly Davison, Lay Leader, Former President, American Baptist Churches (U.S.A.), Madison, WI. Rev. Dr. James Davison, First Baptist Church, Madison, WI. SIGNERS OF THE COMMUNITY LETTER  The Community Letter in Support of Nonpartisanship, signed by more than 5,500 organizations from every state and every segment of the charitable and foundation communities, makes a strong statement in support of nonpartisanship and urges those who have vowed to repeal or weaken this vital protection to leave existing law in place for nonprofit organizations and the people they serve. 
ALABAMA  Alabama Asian Cultures Foundation, Birmingham; Alabama Association of Nonprofits, Birmingham; Alabama Historic Ironworks Foundation, McCalla; Black Warrior Riverkeeper, Birmingham; Cahaba River Society, Birmingham; Cahaba Riverkeeper, Birmingham; Cloverdale Playhouse, Montgomery; Community Foundation of Greater Birmingham, Birmingham; Community Grief Support Service, Birmingham; Coosa Riverkeeper. Empowered to Conquer, Birmingham; Family Promise of Coastal Alabama, Mobile; First Light, Inc., Birmingham; Fraternal Order of Eagles; Friends of Shades Creek, Inc., Homewood; Gasp, Inc., Birmingham; Girls Inc. of Central Alabama, Birmingham; Global Ties, Alabama, Huntsville; Greater Birmingham Ministries, Birmingham; Heart Gallery of Alabama, Inc. Humane Society of Elmore County, Wetumpka; Huntsville Youth Orchestra; John Stallworth Foundation; KB Consulting, Hanceville; Prichard Boxing Academy, Prichard; Public Education Foundation of Anniston, Inc., Anniston; Ruff Wilson Youth Organization; Shelby Emergency Assistance, Inc., Montevallo; Society of Mayflower Descendants in Alabama, Alexander City; St. Vincent’s Health System, Birmingham; Swell Fundraising, Birmingham. The Arc of Shelby County, Pelham; The Dance Foundation, Birmingham; The Epilepsy Foundation of Alabama, Mobile; The Greater Huntsville Humane Society, Huntsville; The National Center for Fire and Life Safety, Calera; Theatre Tuscaloosa, Tuscaloosa; United Way of East Central Alabama, Anniston; Village Creek Society, Birmingham; Virginia Samford Theatre, Birmingham; Workshops, Inc., Birmingham. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, when I go to my church, South Beaver Creek Lutheran Church, Sunday mornings with my family in rural western Wisconsin by our family farm, I view that place as a sanctuary for my soul; a place for us to congregate, to commune, to spend time in fellowship with our fellow neighbors, and to check up on one another. Yes, preach values and preach moral lessons to our children, absolutely. But by repealing the Johnson amendment, you have the potential of creating conflict in the pews. You could be creating Republican and Democratic churches, mosques, and synagogues overnight. This is one of the last refuges, one of the last institutions that we still have as a country given how much we are selfsegregating and deciding whom we like to hang out with, what clubs we join, what people we want to associate with, even our own family members, because of political affiliation. Our places of worship are one of the last places we can come regardless of political affiliation. This will create unnecessary strife and unnecessary conflict, and it has the potential of driving young people away from organized religion because they won’t put up with this. It could be a backdoor attempt for a lot of political contributors now to get taxexempt contributions to these organizations for direct, partisan political campaigns. That is why the Joint Committee on Taxation viewed this as a cost of over $2 billion. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to reconsider and reject this, and let’s prevent that conflict in our communities. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that the average family of four in the Third District of Wisconsin will see a tax cut of over $2,000. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who is the chairman of the Small Business Committee and a champion for small businesses. b1000 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As a result of this bill, Ohio families will keep more of what they earn. Additionally, it will create tens of thousands of jobs in Ohio and in other States all across the country. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I want to make sure that the Tax Code works for our Nation’s job creators so that we can create jobs, not against them. 
Seventy percent of the new jobs created in the American economy nowadays are created by small businesses. Unfortunately, small businesses are getting killed by the existing Tax Code. This Tax Code will bring rates down from approximately 40 percent for smallbusiness owners to, in many cases, 25 percent and, in a lot of cases, 9 percent. From 40 percent down to 9 percent. That means small businesses can keep that money, invest and create more jobs for more Americans. The naysayers around here obviously can’t say enough bad about this bill, but it is going to be good for America. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, onethird of the gentleman’s constituents claim the State and local tax deduction, totalling $11,684 per family. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a great friend to all of us here in this institution. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, before I start, I include in the RECORD two articles. One is a letter from the National Fraternal Order of Police, representing 330,000 police officers in this country coming out against this bill because it will affect their members in a very, very terrible way. The other is an article in The New York Times today: ‘‘Republican Tax Plans Put Corporations Over People.’’ 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL  ORDER OF POLICE , Washington, DC, November 14, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY P. P ELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. CHARLES E. S CHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER , SENATOR MCCONNELL , REPRESENTATIVE PELOSI AND SENATOR SCHUMER: I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to urge you to protect the State and local tax (SALT) deduction in the current tax code. Our members put their lives and safety at risk to protect our homes, schools and communities. Their salaries and the equipment they use are paid for by State and local taxes on property, sales and income. These funds are then invested in our law enforcement agencies and the men and women serving in law enforcement. The FOP is very concerned that the partial or total elimination of the SALT deductions will endanger the ability of our State and local governments to fund these agencies and recruit the men and women we need to keep us safe. In addition, our members are also citizens of these communities who work and pay these State and local taxes. The elimination of the SALT deductions, in whole or in part, will be deeply harmful to them and their families, effectively raising their taxes as much as $6,300 according to recent studies. The SALT deduction has been part of the tax code since it was originally drafted in 1913. Our members would certainly oppose any effort of the Federal government to tax their income twice by eliminating the SALT deduction. On behalf of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, I urge Congress to preserve the SALT deductions, to reject any effort to eliminate, in whole or in part, these deductions and oppose the final bill if these deductions are included. I thank you in advance for your consideration of our views. Please feel free to contact me or my Senior Advisor Jim Pasco if I can provide any additional information on this important issue. Sincerely, CHUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
[From the New York Times, Nov. 16, 2017] REPUBLICAN TAXPLANS PUTCORPORATIONS  OVERPEOPLE  (By Jim Tankersley) WASHINGTON .—There are tough choices at the heart of the Republican tax bills speeding through Congress, and they make clear what the party values most in economic policy right now: deep and lasting tax cuts for corporations. The bill set to pass the House on Thursday chooses to take from hightax Democratic states, particularly California and New York, and give to lowertax Republican states that President Trump carried in 2016, particularly Florida and Texas. It allows for tax increases on millions of families several years from now, if a future Congress does not intervene, but not for similar increases on corporations. The version of the bill moving through the Senate Finance Committee chooses to give peace of mind to corporate executives planning their longterm investments. That comes at the expense of added anxiety for individual taxpayers, particularly those in the middle class, who could face stiff tax increases on Jan. 1, 2026. A consistent conservative philosophy underpins all those decisions. So does a very large bet—economically and politically—on the power of business tax cuts to deliver rapid wage growth to United States workers. There is also the appearance, to liberal critics in particular, of Republicans seeking to reward their prized constituencies first, while leaving others to bear the consequences if their most optimistic scenarios do not play out. The tax plans have evolved rapidly since House leaders first introduced their bill at the beginning of the month. Amendments in the Ways and Means Committee restored some cherished tax breaks that had been targeted for elimination, including those for adoptive parents, and expanded the bill’s tax breaks for owners of businesses that are not organized as traditional corporations. The Senate bill differed from the House version when it was introduced last week, and broke further away on Tuesday night, with a package of amendments that included repealing the Affordable Care Act’s mandate that most individuals buy health insurance. To comply with procedural rules that would allow Republicans to pass the bill on a party line vote in the Senate, the amendment also set an expiration date—Dec. 25, 2025—on all the individual tax cuts in the legislation. The plans also differ on their treatment of state and local tax deductions. The Senate would kill them entirely. The House would maintain them only for property taxes and cap the deduction at $10,000 a year. Economists generally say that those tax breaks are inefficient. But eliminating them, in the context of the House bill, would add up to a large geographic transfer of income, according to research by Carl Davis, the research director of the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy in Washington. The House bill would raise personal taxes on Californians and New Yorkers by a combined $16 billion in 2027, Mr. Davis found, while cutting personal taxes on Texans and Floridians by more than $30 billion in total. His analysis finds only one state that Mr. Trump carried in 2016 —Utah—would receive lower personal tax benefits under the bill than would be expected, given its share of national income, compared with 11 states won by his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. The average Clinton state would receive 82 percent of its expected benefits, by share of national income, under the plan. The average Trump state would receive 181 percent. ‘‘It’s not unusual for a tax bill to have varying impacts in different parts of the country,’’ Mr. Davis said. ‘‘But the degree to which this bill makes winners and losers out of different states is remarkable.’’ Curtailing state and local deductions helps finance a core feature of both the House and Senate bills, which happens to be one of the few provisions Mr. Trump has called nonnegotiable in tax discussions: cutting the corporate income tax to a flat 20 percent rate, down from a top rate of 35 percent today. Republicans have kept those cuts permanent, even as the Senate applied an expiration date to the individual cuts and to a key tax credit for families in the House bill. The Senate bill also sets an expiration date on breaks for socalled passthrough businesses, whose owners pay taxes on profits through the tax code for individuals. In Washington, Republicans have stressed that cutting corporate taxes will supercharge economic growth, accelerating job creation and raising wages in the process. By that theory, making such cuts permanent is essential. The gamble is apparent. Polls show that voters want corporations to pay higher, not lower, taxes and that they doubt corporate rate cuts will show up in their own paychecks, as the White House has claimed. Perhaps not coincidentally, Republican leaders have pitched their bills largely as middle class tax cuts, stressing the benefits for the typical American family during television appearances and news conferences. ‘‘The policy expects that the corporate tax cuts will do the most for growth,’’ said Lanhee J. Chen, a research fellow at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution, who was the policy director for Mitt Romney’s presidential campaign in 2012. ‘‘On the other hand, they’re the hardest to explain.’’ It is an especially tricky explanation in the context of the requests Republicans are making of individual taxpayers, particularly the middle class, to trust that any benefits they see from the bills will not vanish over a decade. The Senate bill is scheduled to deliver an individual tax increases on 137 million tax filers in 2027 if Congress does not intervene first, according to calculations by Ernie Tedeschi, an economist at Evercore ISI. Liberals warn the shock would be huge for low and middleincome families. Republicans are ‘‘making a choice as to which elements of their plan are permanent,’’ said Jacob Leibenluft, a senior adviser at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and a former economic aide under President Barack Obama, ‘‘and I think it’s worth starting with taking them at face value.’’ Canceling those looming increases would further add to the federal budget deficit, if the move is not paired with spending cuts. Middleclass families planning ahead can imagine two possible consequences from that decision: Either an immediate increase in their taxes eight years from now, or an explosion in federal budget deficits, which could necessitate spending cuts to safety net programs like Social Security and Medicare. ‘‘The bill reflects talking out of both sides of your mouth at the same time—neither of 
which is leading to good policy,’’ said Maya MacGuineas, the president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. Republican leaders in both chambers have said that they will not allow individual tax breaks to expire—and that their corporate cuts will yield enough growth and additional tax revenue to pay for themselves, or at least come close. Ms. MacGuineas and others fear the opposite could be even more likely: that growth will fall far short of those optimistic projections, and when the expiring tax provisions come up for reauthorization, budget deficits will be swelling. The result, they say, would be more hard choices—and predictable ones. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, if it weren’t bad enough, Mr. Speaker—and I come over to this side for a reason: I have got many brothers and sisters whom I love here—this is a terrible bill. Unanimous consent here. The real price of this bill is hidden. $30 billion in interest on the debt every year. Who pays this? If it weren’t bad enough, the taxes that people have to pay today, as well as our children and our grandchildren, but beyond that, the real price of this bill is further hidden. The temporary family flexibility credit expires after 5 years. The temporary exclusion for independent care costs expires after 5 years. Some have estimated that, if Republicans make these provisions permanent, as they claim will happen in future Congresses, the costs of the bill will increase to over $400 billion. The Senate bill cuts off relief for families in 7 years. They are hiding over $500 billion in costs. I am particularly interested in the SALT exclusion as a deduction. Folks in New Jersey, California, Maryland, New York, Connecticut, et cetera, are going to be paying the costs of this deduction being removed. You can’t make this up. In fact, the increase mostly comes from eliminating the State and local tax deduction for individuals, but corporations can continue to deduct their State and local taxes. You can’t, Mr. and Mrs. America. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, today is not just about tax reform. Today is also about what we fundamentally believe as a nation. Today, we say working class families, not the government, are best equipped to make financial decisions. Did we hear anything from our Democratic friends for nearly 8 years about lowering taxes on middle and lower income families? We did not. Now, for the first time since 1986, we are going to overhaul our broken Tax Code. Here is what it means for families in North Carolina. Middleincome families will see more than a $2,300 increase in their takehome pay. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act means more than 30,000 new jobs in North Carolina. I am encouraged that our Senate colleagues have also decided to include the ObamaCare individual mandate repeal and would urge our House Conference to consider it, as well. Last, I would like to thank Chairman BRADY . There is no greater servant in the United States House. Thanks to his work and that of his team, today we keep our promise. It is time to move forward. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), a thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the promise of tax reform has degenerated into little more than a scam to aid tax dodgers. While public attention is diverted to the scandal in Alabama, Republicans are rushing through this sham of a bill, developed in the dark with lobbyists, before most Americans realize what is about to hit them in the face. Instead of more jobs at home, Republicans create a giant, new gaping loophole to ship ever more jobs abroad. Even Speaker RYAN’s home State Republican Senator RONJOHNSON concedes that, under this bill, ‘‘there will be a real incentive to keep manufacturing overseas.’’ It is hardly a surprise since President Trump’s Wall Streeter designated to run the show has just been identified personally from leaked Bermudan documents as the past executive of not one, but 22 different island taxparadise shell companies. Meanwhile, another loophole, carried interest, that flows to plutocrats like Donald Trump. That is the very injustice he promised to stop last year. It will keep flowing right into their pocket. As for the deduction for student interest for those who are overwhelmed with college loans, like other middle class tax provisions, that is part of the $65 billion that is cut out of tax incentives by Republicans in this bill. They are totally dependent upon alternative facts. Today’s bill even authorizes those who want to pay absolutely zero in tax to do that by abolishing the alternative minimum tax (AMT). That one change that they make, in one year, would have put $31 million in Donald Trump’s pocket. So you can certainly understand why he is coming to the Capitol today, just to say thank you: Thank you for the billion dollarsplus that is estimated to go to the Trump family under this bill. ‘‘When does my tax refund get here?’’ he must be saying. Of course, we don’t know precisely how much Donald Trump is enriched because these Republicans keep colluding to hide his tax returns. Republicans want to apply a ‘‘dynamic score’’ to this bill. I say: create a dynamic workforce, invest in people, and don’t overwhelm us with endless debt. Develop a more competitive, healthy workforce that empowers our DREAMers and other immigrants and that gives every American access to education and skill upgrades to achieve their full, Godgiven potential. As they deny one middleclass deduction after another and impose this new Alzheimer’s tax, Republicans claim that they have a patented tax miracle cure for most everything but baldness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 15 seconds. Mr. DOGGETT. We have seen this trickledown, medicine sideshow before. It didn’t work then; it won’t work now. All they are doing is grabbing for a political life preserver after 10 months of Republican failures and leave America drowning in debt. This isn’t ‘‘tax reform.’’ It is a giant giveaway to Washington special interests that must be stopped. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, my late father was the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee when the last tax reform was passed in 1986. I know personally how difficult it was then to bring all the competing interests together. Everything looks easy from a distance. Everyone in this Congress would write a slightly different tax bill if given the chance to do so, but we can’t have 535 different tax bills. Even Chairman BRADY would probably change some things if he had complete control over it. I would favor some slight differences, but this is a great bill, overall, for middleincome people. We need to do more in the future to cut spending along with it. KEVIN BRADY is the right man at the right time. I think he has done a masterful job in bringing this bill to the floor. No other bill will do more to help keep jobs in this country. No other bill we can pass in this Congress would do more to help more people than this one will. I urge the bill’s passage. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), whose knowledge of new markets tax credits is second to none in this institution. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD two letters: one from the National Education Association and one from the American Council on Education. 
NOVEMBER 15, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the three million members of the National Education Association (NEA), and the 50 million 
students they serve, we urge you to Vote No on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1), a rewrite of the U.S. tax code being voted on this week. This multitrillion dollar plan is a tax giveaway to the wealthiest and corporations paid for on the backs of working families and students, and jeopardizes the ability of states and local communities to adequately fund public schools. Votes associated with this issue may be included in NEA’s Legislative Report Card for the 115th Congress. Tax plans reveal the priorities of a nation and in a number of respects this one tells working and middleclass families, students, and educators that they must sacrifice in order to further enrich the wealthy and corporations. We oppose the bill as currently crafted for several reasons outlined below. 
A GIVEAWAY TO THE WEALTHY AND CORPORA TIONS SETS UP DRASTIC CUTS TO MEDICAID , 
MEDICARE , AND EDUCATION  Analysis of the Joint Committee on Taxation’s estimate of H.R. 1’s impact shows that the bill is overwhelmingly skewed to the wealthy. Households with annual incomes over $1 million would receive 16 times the percentage increase in aftertax income as other taxpayers. In addition, 45 percent of the cost of the bill’s tax cuts would go to households with incomes above $500,000—less than one percent of filers. Meanwhile, JCT estimates show that taxes would actually increase for filers with incomes between $20,000 and $40,000 over the life of the bill. For now, much of the tax cuts will be deficitfinanced, but the budget resolution that helped pave the way for this plan previews the next phase: future legislation to cut the growing deficit caused by tax cuts by demanding cuts to critical services that help working people, children, seniors, and others—Medicaid, Medicare, education, and more. In fact, some of this impact will be immediate. According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), without enacting subsequent legislation, the tax bill will trigger automatic spending cuts to pay for the tax changes under a ‘‘paygo’’ law. The CBO analysis concludes that Medicare would face an FY18 reduction of $25 billion with a remaining $111 billion to be sequestered from remaining mandatory programs. Kansas provides a window into what this approach looks like. In 2012, the state’s former governor pushed through similar massive tax cuts to individuals and businesses that allegedly would boost the economy. In reality, Kansas’ job growth was anemic and the governor and legislature starved state services. Kansas cut funding for public schools, infrastructure, and other services, and scrambled to close a $350million budget deficit. After voters spoke at the ballot box, lawmakers reversed course, raising taxes and overriding—in a bipartisan manner—the governor’s veto. Rather than rushing forward with a partisan bill, Congress would do well to heed the recent lesson from America’s heartland. 
ELIMINATING SALT DEDUCTION IS A TAX IN CREASE AND WILL DEVASTATE EDUCATION  
FUNDING  H.R. 1 would eliminate most of the state and local tax deduction (SALT)—taking money out of the pockets of as many 44 million middleclass families across the nation. While the bill hammers middleclass families on this, it oddly preserves the ability of businesses to deduct state and local taxes—yet another example of how the bill takes from working families to provide tax giveaways to those who are wealthier. Eliminating any part of the state and local tax deduction could lead to a tax increase on middle class families and have a negative, ripple effect on the ability of states and local communities to fund public services, like education. That could translate into cuts to public schools, lost jobs to educators, and overcrowded classrooms that deprive students of oneonone attention. NEA conducted a detailed analysis of the plan to eliminate most of SALT. In total, education funding could take a $250 billion cut over the next 10 years and put up to 250,000 education jobs at risk. It is no secret what is likely to follow if Congress eliminates SALT. If there is any doubt, one need only to listen to what farright groups like ALEC are saying right now. Their letter about the SALT deduction lays out their plan—to lobby for lower taxes at the state and local level. This means even fewer available funds for students and public education. TURNING POPULAR 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLAN  
WEALTHY  The tax plan distorts a popular education tax program for middleclass families by creating a voucher scheme with no income limits that is aimed at benefitting the wealthy to set aside up to $10,000 annually in a tax free account for private school expenses. Both the Heritage Foundation and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos agree, noting to the Washington Post that the backdoor voucher plan is ‘‘. . . a good step forward . . .’’ in allowing public dollars to follow children to private school. Make no mistake. This poorly veiled voucher program will only benefit the wealthiest families who can already afford private school tuition at the expense of our students, communities, and taxpayers. In the end, no matter what form or name a voucher program takes, the impact is the same. This risky voucher program will hurt students and neighborhood schools—where 90 percent of children attend. 
DEDUCTION  While offering huge giveaways for wealthy individuals and corporations, the plan inexplicably eliminates the popular educator tax deduction that allows educators to deduct eligible unreimbursed outofpocket classroom spending—books, paper, pencils, and art supplies purchased to supplement meager school budgets—up to $250 annually. The popular plan made ‘‘permanent’’ by Congress just two years ago, was claimed on 3.7 million tax returns in 2015. Almost every educator pays out of pocket for school supplies. The most recent study by the National School Supplies and Equipment Association (NSSEA) estimated that public school educators spent $1.6 billion of their own money during the 2012–2013 school year on classroom supplies. An estimated 99 percent of public school teachers spent some amount of money out of pocket for their classrooms, with typical amounts ranging from $500–$1,000. 
FAMILIES  The plan also eliminates the student loan interest deduction. This is bad news for students and families. Under current rules, borrowers paying off education loans can annually deduct up to $2,500 of interest paid on student loans. H.R. 1 essentially raises the longterm cost of attending college by eliminating the deductions for interest paid on student loans. According to the IRS, over 12 million individuals claimed this deduction in 2015. Further, the bill eliminates a provision that allows universities to waive tuition for graduate students. Graduate students would be taxed on the value of that tuition as if it were income, making it almost impossible for many students to afford graduate degrees. In a time of rising college costs and skyrocketing student loan debt, it is unthinkable to take away provisions that assists students and families struggling to pay for college. ELIMINATING SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL  
CONSTRUCTION BONDS PROGRAM  The Qualified Zone Academy Bond (QZAB) Program has proven to be an efficient and costeffective way to help disadvantaged communities address pressing renovation and repair needs in schools. Investors receive a federal tax credit equal to the amount of interest payable on the bonds, thereby relieving local taxpayers and municipalities of the interest burden. A school that is awarded a QZAB may use the funds to renovate and repair buildings, invest in equipment, and update technology which are all vital to student wellbeing and success. Eliminating this program will only ensure that more and more students will go to school in yesterday’s buildings with outofdate technology and often unsafe, crumbling infrastructures. 
FUNDING AT RISK  Section 5001 of H.R. 1 could subject certain investment of state and local government pension plans to the unrelated business income tax (UBIT). Investment earnings pay for approximately twothirds of state and local government pension benefits, which are taxed when distributed to participants. In addition to the revenue lost from the tax itself, subjecting these pension plans to UBIT could pose significant and complex compliance costs that could dramatically affect pension funds. Further, the UBIT will result in a drag on these critically important investment returns, sets a dangerous precedent for taxation of state entities, and will ultimately increase costs to taxpayers. 
RUSHED  In 1986, Congress undertook a yearlong, bipartisan effort to deliberately and carefully rewrite the tax code. Measured consideration should again be taken in understanding the nearterm and longterm impacts a tax code rewrite will have on families, communities, and public services. Instead, Congressional leadership is rushing the process and putting forward a bill that further tilts the scale in favor of the wealthy and corporations, and paid for by working families. For all of the reasons outlined above, we urge you to Vote No on H.R. 1. Sincerely, MARCEGAN, Director of Government Relations, National Education Association. 
AMERICAN COUNCIL ON EDUCATION , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Re Higher Education Provisions in H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. RICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEMBERNEAL: On behalf of the American Council on Education and the undersigned higher education associations, we write to express grave concerns with H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation, taken in its entirety, would discourage participation in postsecondary education, make college more expensive for those who do enroll, and undermine the financial stability of public and private, twoyear and fouryear colleges and universities. According to the Committee on Ways and Means summary, the bill’s provisions would increase the cost to students attending college by more than $65 billion between 2018 and 2027. This is not in America’s national interest. It is possible to offer tax relief to hard working middleclass and lowerincome 
Education, Council for Christian Colleges & Universities, Council for Higher Education Accreditation, Council of Graduate Schools, Council of Independent Colleges, Council on Governmental Relations, Council on Social Work Education. EDUCAUSE, Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities, NAFSA: Association of International Educators, NASPA—Student Affairs Administrators in Higher Education, National Adult Learner Coalition, National Association for College Admission Counseling, National Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education, National Association of College and University Business Officers, National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities, National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators, National Collegiate Athletic Association, The Council for Adult and Experiential Learning (CAEL), Thurgood Marshall College Fund, UNCF (United Negro College Fund), UPCEA. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the Republican tax bill is a dangerous bill that raises taxes on 36 million middle class households; takes healthcare from tens of millions of Americans; skyrockets the cost of health insurance for all Americans, but especially for those who are sick or have preexisting conditions; and directly results in cuts to Medicare and safety net spending next year—all to give corporate special interests immediate, permanent, and monumental tax cuts. Cut, cut, cut is all that I have heard this week: cut the safety net; cut service for the needy; cut service for the physically challenged; cut the poor; cut the homeless; cut Medicaid; cut education; cut out lowincome tax credits; cut out new market tax credits; cut out social services; cut block grants; cut student loans. Winter is here. Cut the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. If you live in Chicago, Minneapolis, the Midwest, or the Northeast, without any heat, you are subject to catch pneumonia and die. There is no doubt about it. I can imagine that college residents, hospital administrators, and managers of programs are wringing their hands, wondering what they are going to do. I heard a minister last Sunday at one of the churches in my community asking this, and he said: Pray, organize, vote. Vote against this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ), chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I also want to acknowledge our incredible chairman and his leadership over the last 7 years I have been here and working this plan forward. It is an exciting time for all of us. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, legislation to provide tax relief to middle class families and smallbusiness owners across America. As a businessman for more than 30 years, I have had the opportunity to employ thousands of workers. I have seen firsthand how broken our tax system can be for many hardworking Americans. Under this bill, not only will the average family of four receive a tax cut, but small businesses will finally be taxed at a lower rate to help them expand and grow jobs in America. According to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, this bill will create 1 million new jobs and grow the economy by 4 percent, a growth rate this country hasn’t experienced since 2000. It is time to give all Americans a break in terms of their taxes. With passage of this bill, we will finally have the opportunity to help middle class families and get our economy back on track. I urge support for this critical bill to cut taxes and reform our tax system. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ), one of the most knowledgeable members of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, this is nothing more than a hit job on middle America to pay for a massive tax cut for corporate America. The only certainty from this charade is slower economic growth, more income inequality, and exploding budget deficits. When you take away tax relief from sick people who were born into illness and for whom insurance doesn’t provide enough coverage, that is a hit on middle America. When you remove help for people who are just trying to make college affordable, who are trying to make themselves better, that is a hit on middle America. b1015 And when you take away healthcare from 13 million Americans and raise the cost for millions more because you needed another $300 billion to give more to corporate America, that is a hit on middle America. And when 152,000 people from my community and millions more from New York lose 100 years of protection from State and local taxes, protection worth more than $8,000 per household, that is a hit on my community, it is a hit on New York State, and it is a hit on each and every community in America. And when you take away the essential needs of middle America to feed the rapacious needs of corporate America, it is a hit on fundamental fairness, and that, Mr. Speaker, is a hit on all of America. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, we know that the economic and job creation benefits are key components of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, making the U.S. globally competitive again, giving muchneeded tax cuts to American business, and muchneeded wage increases to American workers. But, Mr. Speaker, it is really the long overdue direct tax benefits to the vast middle class, who don’t have a lobbyist living in the rich suburbs of Washington, D.C., that take center stage for me and my fellow North Dakotans. You see, 80 percent of the citizens of North Dakota file claiming this standard deduction. That means, Mr. Speaker, that the vast majority of my constituents will see their deductions nearly doubled if they do nothing else. And obviously, with the doubling of the standard deduction, it will likely inspire even more North Dakotans to claim this simple deduction. Mr. Speaker, this huge benefit, combined with greater job opportunities and simpler, less expensive filing costs, and, of course, a generous family tax credit, will put more money in the pockets and less anxiety in the hearts of middle class North Dakotans. Supporting this reform package is easy for me because it is right for North Dakota, and I thank Chairman BRADY for this outstanding work. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE), a very successful businesswomen in her own right, who understands the modern economy. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, in this RyanMcConnell tax bill, Republicans are touting the largest set of corporate tax cuts in our country’s history. They are raving that their corporate cuts will create jobs, even though we know that trickledown economics has never worked and never will. Instead of bringing Democrats and the public into the process, Republicans have made the most cynical tradeoffs, only hurting people who need help the most. This is wrong. Tax reform should be about coming together and making choices that reflect our values. Yet, under this plan, teachers, who buy supplies for their students, like pens, pencils, and paper, will lose the ability to deduct those costs from their tax returns, but corporations still can deduct supply costs. Firefighters will no longer be able to deduct their State and local income or sales taxes, but corporations still can. Homeowners will no longer be able to deduct all of their property taxes, but corporations still can. And if workers have to move because their employer is forcing them to relocate their families or lose their jobs, they will no longer be able to deduct their moving expenses, but corporations, even those offshoring jobs, still can. This bill increases taxes on 36 million working families and rips away key lifelines that help people struggling with longterm illness, childcare, and education expenses. It blows a $1.5 trillion hole in the deficit and burdens our children and grandchildren with debt, triggering an automatic $25 billion cut to Medicare. This bill gives massive permanent tax cuts to corporations, 
but working families will have to live with the temporary scraps thrown at them. Bottom line: this bill hurts Americans from cradle to retirement, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), one of the leaders of the Tax Policy Subcommittee. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY and all the members of the Ways and Means staff who have worked tirelessly in order to bring this bill forward. I can’t tell you how excited I am to be here today. My friend, Mr. LARSON , I notice he wears a pin with a picture of John Kennedy, one of my favorite Presidents of all time. Let me just read from a speech that President Kennedy gave on December 14, 1962. This is 55 years ago, and he gave it in an address to the Economic Club of New York. ‘‘Our true choice is not between tax reduction, on the one hand, and the avoidance of large Federal deficits on the other. It is increasingly clear that no matter what party is in power, so long as our national security needs keep rising, an economy hampered by restrictive tax rates will never produce enough revenues to balance our budget—just as it will never produce enough jobs or enough profits. ‘‘ . . . only full employment can balance the budget, and tax reduction can pave the way to that employment. The purpose of cutting taxes now is not to incur a budget deficit, but to achieve the more prosperous, expanding economy, which can bring a budget surplus.’’ Keeping that in mind—and I hear the debate going back and forth—I would just encourage all of our Members: you are going to have a choice today to take your voting card, and you are going to put it in the voting machine, and you can push a green button that says ‘‘go,’’ putting this Nation back on track, making America the greatest economic power in the world; or you can push the red button and say: you know what, just not something I can vote for today because it is just not exactly what I want. Next week, 50 million Americans will travel because they want to come home; they want to come home for the holidays; they want to come home for Thanksgiving. This bill is a Thanksgiving bill. This is a jobs bill because what we are telling corporate America is we want you to come home. We want to make this a more favorable environment for you to live, to work, to succeed, because we know that true success in business is only a sustainable business model. So when you tax people at the highest rate in the industrialized world, when you regulate people that puts them in an uncompetitive advantage on the shelf, they can’t exist, and so where do they go? They have to leave home to go overseas to find that answer. Now, I just want to go over some things that really are important. A friend of mine by the name of George Abraham, who is a basketball coach— George and I were talking one day, and we were talking about the value of winning. And George said to me: You know what, MIKE, the only position you want to be in is the number one position. And I said: Really? He goes: Yes. Because anything other than finishing first is you finish with the rest. If you were to take a survey, and Forbes did, and they said: If you were starting a business today, where would you start that business? And right away, I would say: Are you kidding me? It is the United States of America because of who we are, our greatness. And no, there are 22 other countries that people say I would rather go someplace else than do it right here in America. That is incredible. And when we talk about where we are as a people—where we are as a people—listen to these figures. These are not my figures, by the way. This is the Tax Foundation: Cuts for Americans at every economic level; Reduces taxes by almost $1,200 for every averagesize middleincome American family; Reduces taxes by almost $2,000 for every averagesize middleincome family in Pennsylvania’s Third District; Grows national GDP by 3.5 percent; Increases American wages by 2.7 percent; Increases aftertax income for every taxpayer by 3.8 percent in the long run; Increases aftertax incomes for median families in Pennsylvania by over $2,300; Creates almost 900,000 new American jobs; and Creates, in my State of Pennsylvania, over 36,000 new jobs. So I say, this is a jobs bill. This is a revenue raiser for us. This is about bringing people back home. This is about more takehome pay for every hardworking American guy and gal who is out there who gets up every day and gets up to do one thing, and that is, to protect their families and work in the interest of their country. I am just asking you today to look at this card and know that you have within the power of your vote to unleash the greatest economy in the world, to unshackle it from a Tax Code that makes it impossible to compete globally, that overregulates it and forces it offshore, and then blames them for leaving. This is a ‘‘come on back home.’’ This is a ‘‘don’t leave home; stay here; we are on your side; we are going to work with you; and we are going to get there.’’ I ask my friends on both sides of the aisle: Let’s do what is right for America. If it is right for America, it is right for Republicans, it is right for Democrats, it is right for Independents, it is right for Libertarians, it is right for America. This is the right time to do the right thing. My friends, we cannot stay where we are. A standpat hand is a nonwinning hand. The ability to move forward, the ability to absolutely not just participate in a global economy but dominate a global economy and give every single American the faith and a future and restore the faith they need to have in this body that we are doing the best thing in their interest every single day that we come here. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to have Mr. KELLY —as he describes sports teams, we discovered he is a closet Patriots fan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDY CHU), whose history, in terms of revenue and revenue collection, is well known to the Congress. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, one thing is clear about the GOP tax scam: corporate interests get a huge giveaway. They get a windfall tax break. Who pays for it? The middle class. Who wins? Corporations, billionaires, millionaires, the Trump family. Who loses? Women, families, seniors, teachers, students. As a former Los Angeles Community College teacher of 20 years, I can’t believe what Republicans are doing to students. They rip away critical benefits that help our students pay for their college education. They eliminate the student loan interest deductions and choose to tax graduate students on money they have never even received by taxing the tuition assistance they get for working for their schools. This bill even pinches students when they are still in elementary school by taxing their teachers who claim a deduction for the school supplies they pay for out of their own paycheck. One teacher in my area even pays for the ink in her classroom printer. They don’t ask to be repaid, just to be able to deduct the expense. If corporations get to keep this deduction, why not our teachers? And then if that is not cruel enough, they eliminate the deduction for extraordinary medical expenses for those with Alzheimer’s and cancer. And this week we learn that Republicans plan to pay for these corporate cuts by causing 13 million people to lose their health insurance, a move that will increase premiums by 10 percent and result in individuals with preexisting conditions losing access to lifesaving affordable coverage. Then Republicans eliminate the State and local tax deduction, which is used by over 6 million California households, to prevent their hard earned dollars from being taxed twice. Of all the States, Californians will actually face the largest net tax increase 
from this bill of $12.1 billion in 2027 alone. California Republicans who vote for this bill ought to be ashamed of themselves, and the voters need to hold them accountable. Thirtysix million middle class families will be stuck holding the bag under this plan. For what? For tax cuts for corporate interests. This is unacceptable. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ), one of our key members of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. First of all, I want to thank President Trump for making this a priority, but I especially want to thank Chairman BRADY for his tireless efforts and leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor today. Three decades ago, there was a 24 yearold starting a business in Ohio. He borrowed money and started hiring people. As he grew his business, he didn’t take a paycheck and kept hiring hardworking middle class Americans. But then, as he started looking over things, he couldn’t hire anymore, because of the tremendous tax bill owed to the Federal Government. That is what small business entrepreneurs face in today’s tax environment. That 24yearold was me. Luckily, I was a certified public accountant. I was able to figure out a way to make my business work and grow without our suffocating Tax Code or through our suffocating Tax Code. Unfortunately, most smallbusiness owners do not experience the Tax Code complexities until they get started. They have an idea, they start their business, and then the government steps in; and they are not CPAs. If my three children were to ask me today if they should risk and start a business, I would be hesitant to push them down that path, which is why I support H.R. 1, which lowers the tax rate for businesses and gives hardworking taxpayers a break. This bill puts more money in their pockets to do with it what is important to them, those hardworking taxpayers, not letting the government take it and waste it. b1030 Lowering the individual rate will give Americans the opportunity to choose where they want to spend their money instead of banking on a government to spend it for them. On the business side, the harsh reality is that America has become an uncompetitive place to do business. With the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world, it should not be a surprise that businesses are relocating to countries with better business climates. Fortunately, by bringing our rate down to 20 percent, we can make America one of the most competitive countries in the world to do business. It is hard for U.S. companies to compete against companies based in Canada, where the Federal income tax rate is 15 percent, Ireland at 12.5 percent, or even the U.K., which will be 17 percent by 2020. Businesses set their prices to be competitive. The U.S. has to set its business rate to compete, as well. The high corporate tax rate is not just a Wall Street problem; it is a Main Street problem. Business entities do not pay taxes; people do. The burden of the corporate tax rate falls on three categories of people: shareholders, customers, and employees. Corporations do not pay taxes; we do. This bill helps companies compete, hire more people, and give them a more competitive wage. This bill gives individuals more money to spend on what they want, not what the government wants. This bill simplifies the Tax Code for hardworking Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this historic reform so more Americans can choose where their money goes, not Washington. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 1. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ), a Marshall Scholar and attorney. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to reject this misguided and meanspirited tax bill that is being rushed through this Congress today. Mr. Speaker, this Republican sham tax bill picks winners and losers. The winners under this tax bill are corporations, Wall Street fat cats, the top 1 percent of the highest wage earners in America, and the special interests. The losers are the middle class, working families, students, the most vulnerable in our society, and our farmers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from the National Farmers Union, which objects to this bill. 
NATIONAL FARMERS UNION, November 14, 2017. CONGRESSIONAL TAXPLANS JEOPARDIZE THE  FARMSAFETY NET, CBO A NALYSIS SAYS For Immediate Release. Contact: Andrew Jerome. WASHINGTON .—Amidst the steepest drop in farm profitability in a generation, U.S. Congressional leadership is proposing tax reform legislation that would jeopardize all funding for farm bill commodity safety net programs. The two tax bills being considered in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives would add $1.5 trillion to the federal deficit. According to new Congressional Budget Office analysis of the bills, that $1.5 trillion deficit increase would need to be offset by eliminating all funding for vital farm programs such as Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price Loss Coverage (PLC), among other mandatory federal spending programs. ‘‘If Congress passes legislation that increases the deficit, they will subsequently be forced to cut federal spending. In the case of the tax bill, current law could require 100 percent sequestration of all commodity program payments and other farm bill programs,’’ said National Farmers Union President Roger Johnson ‘‘Tax cuts for the highest income brackets should absolutely not come at the expense of programs that protect our nation’s family farmers and ranchers.’’ The House and Senate budget resolution that was passed earlier this year paves the way for tax cuts that would increase the U.S. federal deficit by $1.5 trillion over ten years Statutory payasyougo (PAYGO) rules require that increases in deficit spending be offset by reduced spending across nonexempt mandatory programs The government would be required to cut such programs by $150 billion per year in accordance with PAYGO. The total available pool of funding across all nonexempt mandatory programs amounts to, in CBO’s estimation, ‘‘only between $85 billion to $90 billion,’’ meaning that all impacted mandatory spending programs other than Medicare, including the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC), would be entirely stripped of funding. The CCC is the second largest nonexempt mandatory program, after Medicare It funds dairy and other farm program payments, including ARC and PLC, both of which are critical for keeping family farmers and ranchers in business during times of economic uncertainty. Discretionary spending and a number of mandatory programs, including Social Security, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), federal crop insurance, and the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP), are exempt from PAYGO. ‘‘Farmers Union has long opposed using budget sequestration to reduce the federal deficit, especially through cuts to agricultural programs,’’ added Johnson. ‘‘This proposal asks farmers and ranchers to trade any possible tax benefits for the elimination of farm safety net payments, like ARC and PLC. That would be a disastrous trade. NFU continues to advocate for a simplified, progressive tax code that does not risk programs vital to the livelihoods and wellbeing of American family farmers and ranchers.’’ Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. These are the very same people that this President promised to benefit. This is what this bill does for corporate America: It dramatically cuts rates from the largest companies in the world, moving the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. It creates loopholes for wealthy individuals to recharacterize their wage income as small business income so that they can pay less in taxes. It repeals the alternative minimum tax, which captures the tax liabilities for wealthy individuals. In fact, the only tax return that we have ever seen of Mr. Trump was his 2005 tax return in which he had to pay $38 million. Why? Because of AMT. And this tax bill will also permanently repeal the estate tax, which only affects 5,500 households in America. And I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, none of those households are in my district. In contrast, how will this tax bill impact the middle class? Mr. Speaker, 36 million middle class households will pay more taxes. One in four taxpayers will pay more taxes. To pay for the corporate tax cuts, this bill will hurt working families. It will eliminate deductions on interest on student loans. It will eliminate medical expense deductions, which many, many households use to pay for longterm care needs. It will eliminate 
the lifetime learning credit. And it will also do away with deductions for families that pay for daycare and aging parents. Mr. Speaker, this is not comprehensive tax reform. The American people deserve better, and we as a Congress can do better. Please reject this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY for his leadership. Today is a huge victory for working Americans. Today, we take a giant step forward to deliver more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks for working Hoosiers. This bill will create thousands of jobs in Indiana, and it will give the typical working family a $1,500 tax cut. The Trump tax plan also includes a provision that I authored to stop $4 billion to $7 billion in refundable child tax credits paid out to illegal immigrants each year. These savings help expand the child tax credit for working American families by $600 per child. Hoosiers get it: no one should get a tax incentive to violate the law. I urge all of my colleagues to support this plan. It will give working Hoosiers a pay raise, bring back jobs from overseas, and get our economy moving again. I also urge the Senate to act and keep their promise to the American people. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. (Mr. LEWIS of Georgia asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD an article about this bill’s impact on graduate students in my district. 
Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, also, I include in the RECORD letters of opposition from the ACLU, Baptist Joint Committee, and Americans United for Separation of Church and State. 
ACLU, Washington, DC, November 3, 2017. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. RICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY , RANKING MEMBER  NEAL, AND MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE ON  WAYS AND MEANS : 
FROM THE JOHNSON AMENDMENT  Section 5201 allows houses of worship to endorse candidates so long the endorsement 
is made during a religious service or gathering, is made in the ordinary course of their taxexempt purpose, and does not incur more than a de minimis incremental expense. This would, in effect, exempt houses of worship from the Johnson Amendment. The impact of even just one endorsement from a house of worship would be powerful and could have a significant impact on an election, but this provision permits far more than merely a lone statement of support. Section 5201, for example, would allow: A pastor to preach a sermon endorsing one or more candidates. His church could then post a video of that sermon on its website, email it to parishioners, and distribute it publicly on social media. A Rabbi to endorse a candidate during the welcoming message provided to those attending her synagogue’s community service event. A church that is motivated by faith to provide social services to the public to tell each and every person who attends its meetings to vote for a particular candidate. If such activities were allowed, the Johnson Amendment would be rendered meaningless as applied to houses of worship. The very purpose of the Johnson Amendment—to prevent government subsidized partisan campaign activity—would be allowed in every church and house of worship across the country. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), the ranking member of the Budget Committee, and one of the most knowledgeable Members of the House. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend yielding time. Mr. Speaker, this is a horror show today, this is a horror show debate, and this is a horror show process, but it is a disaster for the American people. The tax bill we are debating today will abandon millions of American families. It showers the wealthy and corporations with massive tax cuts, and it adds $1.5 trillion to our deficits. The top 1 percent get this massive payout in the neighborhood of $500 billion; hardworking families get pocket change. But millions don’t even get that. In fact, 36 million middle class families will pay more in taxes because of this bill. Our Republican colleagues will be taking money out of the pockets of these families to give more tax cuts to the rich. But it doesn’t stop there. It never does. This is part of a dangerous three step process that we have seen, unfortunately, far too often: The first step, Republicans enact massive tax cuts for the rich, claiming they will generate enough growth to pay for themselves. I know my Republican colleagues desperately want the American people to believe that this is what will happen. But the record is clear. It failed in the 1980s, and it failed in the 2000s. It was an epic failure in Kansas. This is about politics, not reality, for them, which brings us to step two. Once these cuts fail to produce the growth that they promise, Republicans will shriek about the impending doom of high deficits and debt. Then they will quickly move to step three, demanding cuts in vital programs that benefit working families throughout our country. We have seen this act before. As I said before, it is a horror show. There is a reason why a lot of people are looking at this and saying this is the great tax scam of 2017—because it is the great tax scam of 2017. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE), one of the key leaders of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the American Dream is what separates us from the rest of the world. It promises that, with hard work and determination, you can improve your station in life and that your children have an opportunity for a better life than yours. But for many in the generation coming of age in the last decade, the American Dream has been a little tarnished and just out of reach. The last time we did tax reform was 30 years ago. At that time, we were the world’s uncontested economic leader. Our economic system and Tax Code were competitive. But for decades, we have sat by as the world passed us by. In 1990, the middle class was about 50 percent of American families; today, only 40 percent. Today, the middle class makes just about the same take home pay as it did in 1990. When we all worry about income disparity and the gulf between the rich and the poor in this country, this is the source of the problem. The American middle class is smaller and has not had a raise in 30 years. How could this happen? It has everything to do with a bloated, overregulating, and overtaxing Federal Government, a government that sucks the life out of the economy and forces our companies, our innovators, and our job creators out of our country to survive. Some folks say it doesn’t matter that we have the highest business tax rate in the world. That is not why our companies left. They say those jobs aren’t coming back. Well, I say the outdated Tax Code is an anchor around the neck of our businesses, our innovators, and the American middle class. I say the American worker can compete with anyone on a level playing field if we just get government off their back. Since January, we have been working to correct that. We have made dramatic steps in reducing regulation. You can already see the economic lift. Today, we undertake a tax cut, which will restore economic growth, put more takehome pay into the pockets of hardworking Americans, and restore opportunity for a generation of Americans. It will bring American jobs back to America, which will grow our middle class and, finally, after 30 years, our middle class will get the pay raise it deserves. If you really wish to grow our economy, you should vote for this bill. If you really wish to give the middle class a pay raise, you should vote for this bill. If you really wish to reduce income disparity, you should vote for this bill. If you really wish to give hope to Americans who have given up and left the workforce and wish to reduce crime and addiction in this country, you should vote for this bill. If you want America to have the economic strength to remain a force of peace and stability in the world, you should vote for this bill. And, finally, if you truly believe what Thomas Jefferson said 240 years ago, that all men are created equal and that they are entitled to pursue their own happiness, you should vote for this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N). 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this bill put forward by congressional Republicans isn’t a tax plan; it is a tax scam. Republicans are going to borrow money on the backs of working families to give a tax cut to corporations in the top 1 percent. This will increase taxes on the middle class. This will add to our Nation’s debt and pass the bill to our children. This Republican tax scam hurts seniors and families with longterm medical needs by eliminating the medical expense deduction that 9 million Americans, and nearly 120,000 people in my home State of New Mexico, depend upon. Destroying the medical expense deduction delivers a staggering blow to New Mexico families. Listen to this story sent to me by Lisa, a constituent of mine from northern New Mexico: ‘‘My husband and I are lifelong native New Mexicans who grew up here, went to college here, and have opened and operate our two businesses in our home State. We are the proud parents of two wonderful children. New Mexico’s our home, and we’re proud to live here, contribute to our State’s economy, and realize our version of the American Dream. ‘‘Like most families today, life isn’t always easy. The kids and I have medically complex conditions which require expensive medications, and my husband and I struggle with student loan debt, housing and transportation costs, and making a good life for our family. We incur $5,000 to $7,000 in outofpocket medical costs each year. Without the medical expense deductions, I am not sure we could continue to meet the demands of raising healthy, happy children while keeping our businesses going and growing. ‘‘For us, this deduction is a lifeline, and the thought of losing that lifeline means we could drown in debt. That’s not the American Dream—that’s a nightmare.’’ This is real and this is personal to people all across the country. Let’s vote this bill down today, come back, work in a bipartisan fashion, work with our ranking member, Mr. RICHARD  NEAL, and come up with real tax reform that puts American working families first. Mr. Speaker, let’s do the right thing today and put hardworking families first with our decision today. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MARCHANT ), a key leader on the Tax Policy Subcommittee. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue. It is an honor for me to serve on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This is a historic opportunity to reject the status quo and provide real tax relief to the families, individuals, and businesses in my district. America’s Tax Code is broken. It is uncompetitive for American companies, and it is unfair to American workers. The American people deserve a Tax Code that works for them, not one that works for special interests in Washington. They deserve a Tax Code that rewards their lifetime of hard work, not one that squeezes and depletes their savings. b1045 They deserve a Tax Code that prioritizes their goals, not penalizes their success. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act creates a Tax Code that is focused on growth, fairness, and a booming economy for everyone. The reforms in this bill level the playing field for small businesses in my district in north Texas around the DFW Airport, giving them an opportunity to grow and hire more people and spend more money in our economy, and allow the hardworking taxpayers whom I represent to keep more of their paycheck and increase their family’s budget. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for allowing me to represent the views of my constituents throughout the process of the committee work. I urge my colleagues to take advantage of this very historic opportunity and vote in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SA´NCHEZ ), a very thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1, or better known as the GOP tax scam. This bill provides tax cuts for corporations and multimillionaires at the expense of hardworking middle class families. Massive corporate tax cuts do not guarantee job growth or higher wages. The only thing guaranteed is the $2.3 trillion that this scam adds to the deficit. Democrats are serious about passing comprehensive tax reform that is fair and that puts a little more money in the pockets of working Americans. This fiasco of a bill is not fair. Corporations get a massive 15 percent tax cut, but what do working families get? They get nickeled and dimed. Despite student loan debts surpassing $1 trillion, this bill eliminates the student loan interest deduction, which only allows those earning $80,000 or less to claim it in the first place, squarely hurting middle class Americans who are trying to pay off debt, save for a home, or buy a new car. Teachers will no longer be able to deduct expenses for school supplies that they purchase with their own money for their classrooms, yet corporations are able to deduct the cost of those same supplies that they purchase. Seniors and people with chronic illnesses would no longer be able to deduct some of the cost of their treatment. At a time when many families are feeling the pressures of affording care for their children and their aging parents, this bill takes money right out of their pockets. Under this bill, 29 million households would lose their property tax deduction. Eighty percent of middle class homeowners would lose, compared with just 13 percent of highincome earners. Does that sound fair? Finally, the elimination of the State and local income tax deduction disproportionately impacts middleincome families, especially those in California, whose residents would see an overall net tax increase of $12.1 billion. The Tax Code is a reflection of our values. The Republicans have clearly chosen who they serve—the wealthy and corporations—but I am concerned about the 36 million Americans who will see a tax increase, teachers and their students, and people with preexisting conditions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this disaster of a bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  two letters in opposition to this bill, one from SEIU and one from the AFL– CIO. 
SEIU, Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Committee on Ways & Means, Washington, DC. Hon. RICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Committee on Ways & Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY , RANKING MEMBER  NEAL, AND MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON WAYS& M EANS : On behalf of the two million members of the Service Employees International Union (‘‘SEIU’’), I write to strongly oppose H.R. 1, the misleadingly named ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ H.R. 1 would double down on the same failed trickle down policies that have hurt working families for decades. Once again, major legislation is being drafted behind closed doors, out of the view of the American people and without any input from Democratic members of Congress. It is unconscionable that elected representatives would markup and jam through a bill that significantly affects the financial security of their constituents without appropriate time for nonpartisan analysis and for all Americans to properly understand the real impacts on their everyday lives. There is no need to rush legislation of this magnitude through Congress due to artificial political timelines. Instead, there should be an open process by which all stakeholders including working people and not just corporate lobbyists are able to provide input. Although this bill pretends to benefit the middle class, the tax cuts proposed under this bill would go overwhelmingly to high income households and large corporations. And this bill would actually raise taxes for some low and moderateincome households, while making it harder for states to fund healthcare, education, infrastructure and other investments. History has shown us that these types of tax breaks never ‘trickle down’ to working people and will result in cuts to healthcare, education and other programs our communities depend on. If passed, this legislation would give millionaires and corporations a reason to celebrate but would hurt working Americans who are trying put food on the table, start their first businesses, send their children to college, or save for their retirement and buy homes. For these reasons, SEIU urges you to oppose H.R. 1 and instead, work in a bipartisan 
and transparent manner on policies that will improve the lives of working families. If you have any questions, please contact John Foti. Sincerely, JOHNGRAY, Legislative Director. 
AFL–CIO, Washington, DC, November 14, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the AFL–CIO, I urge you to oppose the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1). H.R. 1 is not a ‘‘jobs bill,’’ it is a job killer that gives huge tax breaks to companies that outsource jobs. It is also the poster child for the failed ‘‘trickledown’’ economic theory that has never worked and has repeatedly stuck working people with the tab for tax giveaways for millionaires, big corporations, and Wall Street. The Republican leadership wants to pay for these giveaways with drastic cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, education, and other programs that working people depend on. The price tag of H.R. 1 is $1.5 trillion over 10 years, while the budget resolution includes $5 trillion in budget cuts, including $1.5 trillion from Medicaid and Medicare. H.R 1 would waste trillions of dollars on tax breaks for people who do not need them. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT), 45% of the tax benefits would ultimately go to households making over $500,000 per year; 38% of the tax benefits would go to households making over $1 million; and the top 1% one percent would get an average annual tax cut of $64,720. By contrast, households making between $20,000 and $40,000 would actually pay more in taxes. H.R. 1 would hurt working people in many ways. It would eliminate the deduction for state and local income and sales taxes, punishing states that make the kind of investments that create good jobs and starving communities of the funding they need for education, infrastructure, and other essential public services. H.R. 1 would repeal deductions for student loan interest, tuition expenses, and tuition assistance and end tax credits for students to cover college expenses, making it harder for students and their families to afford higher education at a time when tuition prices are at an alltime high. Under this bill, corporations could still deduct their payments to lawyers to fight unions, but union members could no longer deduct union dues and educators could no longer deduct their outofpocket expenses. On the corporate side, H.R. 1 would give a giant tax cut to big corporations that outsource jobs. Under this bill, a business that creates jobs on Main Street USA would pay U.S. taxes on its profits at a rate of 20%, while a big corporation that outsources those same jobs to Ireland or Switzerland would pay no U.S. taxes on the profits it earns from outsourcing. Currently, the United States taxes all profits of U.S. corporations, whether earned in the United States or in a foreign country, at the same rate of 35% (though a corporation that earns profits in a foreign country does not have to pay U.S. taxes on those earnings until it repatriates them to the United States). H.R. 1 changes this system so a U.S. corporation never pays any U.S. income taxes on the profits it earns from active operations in a foreign country (as opposed to domestic profits that the company disguises as foreign profits through the use of accounting gimmicks). Reducing the U.S. tax rate on offshore profits from 35% to 0%—basically a subsidy to companies that outsource jobs— would cost $208 billion over 10 years. Even worse, the bill would encourage foreign countries that want to attract offshore investment to lower their corporate tax rate. The more foreign countries lower their corporate tax rates to attract offshore investment, the bigger the tax subsidy for offshoring this bill will provide. The GOP tax bill creates a powerful incentive for big companies to outsource jobs, and it is an incentive that will grow over time. With regard to past profits, the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy (ITEP) estimates that H.R. 1 would give multinational corporations a tax windfall of $529 billion, allowing them to get away with paying just $223 billion of the $752 billion they owe on accumulated offshore earnings. There is no economic case for discounted tax rates on profits already earned. The last time we gave companies a break on the profits they booked offshore, they used that money for executive bonuses and dividends. They did not use the money for creating new jobs, raises for workers, or investments in new factories or equipment. The top 15 companies to take advantage of the socalled ‘‘tax holiday’’ in 2004 laid off 20,000 workers in the subsequent two years. There is no reason to believe this time will be different. JPMorgan says, ‘‘We expect little economic effect from firms repatriating funds to the U.S.’’ The AFL–CIO urges you to oppose the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1), which gives huge tax breaks to companies that outsource jobs and makes working people pay the price for tax giveaways to millionaires, big corporations, and Wall Street. Sincerely, WILLIAM SAMUEL , Director, Government Affairs Department. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ), our chief deputy whip. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee for his hard work and effort, his staff’s effort, and his committee members’ effort to put this great bill on the floor today. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a vitally important bill. This will help all Americans’ lives for the better. The name fits for this bill as well. It truly is a tax cut for American working families, and it creates goodpaying jobs. The bill is the result of over 3 years of hard work here in the House of Representatives. It has been clear for years that our Tax Code is broken. We all agree on that. Simply put, it does not work for the vast majority of the American people. What we do is simplify the Tax Code. More Americans will be able to take a standard deduction, file on a postcard their tax return, simplifying the process. Importantly, it makes us more competitive internationally so we don’t lose jobs to overseas companies. That makes us stronger as a nation. At the same time, it helps small businesses compete with those large businesses, with those global businesses, and makes sure that our Main Streets are strong in America. This is a very good bill. It is a very good bill, well contemplated, and will have a great impact on working families. The bill helps families in my district in particular. The Tax Foundation says that average middle class families in my district in western North Carolina are going to see a $2,400 increase in their takehome pay. That is real money for working Americans. It is real money for North Carolinians as well. The bill also helps small businesses by reducing their tax rates and allowing them to create more goodpaying jobs. We need that. Small businesses are the lifeblood of western North Carolina’s communities. We need them strengthened. The same Tax Foundation study estimates that this bill will create nearly a million new jobs nationwide, including more than 30,000 in North Carolina alone. Now, there is a great debate in this body about the approach we took on this bill. There is a fundamental disagreement between the two parties here. My colleagues on the left want more power, more expenditures from government, and want to take more from the American people in order to pay for that. We believe, on the Republican side of the aisle, that American families should be able to keep more of what they earn, make more decisions for themselves, empower communities, empower small businesses, make us more competitive and make us stronger. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, to send a strong message that we in the House of Representatives have a strong tax package for the American people. I look forward to getting this bill signed into law before Christmas. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ), the chairman of the Democratic Caucus and a great leader on the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. I have to give it to Speaker RYANand to President Trump and all of my Republican colleagues. I have to give them their due. They announced earlier this year they would cut taxes for corporate special interests, and today they are following through on that promise. The problem is, in order to do it, they are raising taxes on middle class families. Don’t take my word for it. Listen to them. The Republicans started this process by saying that every American, everyone in America, will get a tax cut. Now they are saying, on average, people will get a tax cut, and even that is incorrect. It is time to be honest with the American people. What we have before 
us today isn’t a bill, it is a scam—a scam that will hurt homeowners in Irvine, California, in Mrs. WALTERS ’ district; a scam that will hurt seniors in Lancaster, New York, in Congressman CHRIS COLLINS ’ district; a scam that will hurt students in Toms River, New Jersey, in TOMMACARTHUR ’s district; a scam that will hurt veterans in Barrington, Illinois, in PETEROSKAM ’s district; and a scam that will absolutely hurt the middle class in every congressional district in our country, 36 million people to be exact. In my district, a quarter of all homeowners will lose the ability to deduct their taxes, but corporate special interests, they can still deduct their taxes under the GOP plan. Mr. Speaker, 20,000 students in Queens and the Bronx, in my district, will lose one of the most effective ways to pay down their student loan debt. That is right. Republicans are eliminating the ability to deduct the interest on student loan payments. This scam eliminates the assistance for small businesses to hire veterans here at home, but it continues the tax breaks to ship American jobs overseas. Yes, you heard that correctly. Republicans and President Trump are doling out tax breaks for companies to move overseas but will take away benefits to hire American veterans right here at home. These aren’t the values of my constituents, but, apparently, they are the values of Speaker RYAN, President Trump, and the entire congressional Republican caucus. So how did we end up here? It is because when the Republicans sat down to write this bill, they didn’t have the average American in mind. They had their wealthy donors and corporate friends in mind. Republicans started tax reform with this question: How do we get the corporate rate down? Democrats would have started with the question: How do we raise up the middle class? Republicans wrote a bill, a tax scam, that benefits people who own second and third homes, but they left behind average American homeowners. They left behind teachers, who use their own money to buy school supplies. They left average Americans behind, because they never had you in mind to begin with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New York an additional 15 seconds. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of hardworking Americans throughout this country, I say, vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1, vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1 percent. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY for his efforts to get this tax reform bill done. Our outdated and uncompetitive Tax Code has led to slow economic growth over the past decade in America. Today, we are taking an important step to fix that. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will reform the Tax Code and help foster economic growth. For more than three decades, families have paid a growing cost for our country’s increasingly complex and burdensome Tax Code that is chockfull of special interest loopholes. This is not fair. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will simplify the process of filing taxes by doubling the size of the standard deduction and removing the need for millions to itemize their deductions. It will provide tax cuts to millions of middleincome working families. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also includes many tax reforms for businesses in order to spur economic growth. The bill makes it easier for entrepreneurs to start businesses, and it brings down the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent to be in line with our competitors around the world. This will help spur economic growth by encouraging businesses to move their capital and jobs back to the United States and will help lower prices for Americans, who are the ones who ultimately pay for high corporate taxes through higher prices. I’m proud that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is focused on growing the economy, bringing jobs back to Main Street, and increasing paychecks for workers. This bill is committed to helping families because the family unit is the cornerstone of our nation. We made a promise to families that we’d deliver them tax relief— and we’re holding to it. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will fix our bureaucratic tax nightmare and puts families first again. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the son of a preacher man, who always speaks truth to power. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. LARSON for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Republicans can dress it up and call it good names, but that will not change the fact that H.R. 1 is a scam that will be perpetrated on America’s middleincome families. This bill will make it harder to own a home, raise a family, and afford a postsecondary education. It should come as no surprise that President Trump wanted to call the bill: ‘‘Cut, Cut, Cut.’’ That would have been apropos. The first cut is for him and his family, the second cut is for his wealthy friends, and the third cut is for large corporations and businesses that ship jobs overseas. H.R. 1 certainly does not cut taxes for middleincome families or small businesses; in fact, it does just the opposite. Under H.R. 1, millions of Americans, middleincome families, will pay more—500,000 of whom live in South Carolina. Middleincome families and firsttime homeowners who utilize mortgage interest deductions will pay more, because the GOP scam lowers the cap, making homeownership more expensive and driving down property taxes for current homeowners. Middleincome families with children in college or recent graduates will pay more, because the GOP scam eliminates deductions for interest on student loans. This includes 12 million American families, 156,000 of whom are South Carolinians. b1100 Middleincome families struggling to pay costly medical bills will pay more because the GOP scam shamefully eliminates that deductibility. This includes 9 million American families, and nearly 140,000 live in South Carolina. Middleincome families with children in daycare, nursery school, or aging parents will pay more because the GOP scam eliminates the deductions for dependent care assistance. Middleincome schoolteachers will pay more because the GOP scam eliminates their ability to deduct the cost of the supplies they purchase for their classrooms. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1 is an attack on middleincome families. It will subject the good people of this country to a second Great Recession and raise taxes on 36 million middleincome households. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, this GOP tax scam will add $1.5 trillion to the deficit over the next 10 years and trigger massive funding cuts across the government next year. Medicare will see a $25 billionperyear cut. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ). Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to engage the gentleman from Texas in a colloquy. We should not be satisfied with the historically low economic growth rates of the past decade. This tax reform bill that creates jobs, increases paychecks, grows our economy, and increases American competitiveness can help Maryland families and businesses. The bill we are considering today has many positive elements that will benefit our country in many ways. However, I am concerned about its impact on some of my constituents in Maryland who pay high State and local income taxes. I ask you, as the Ways and Means chairman, to continue to work with me to ensure that families and job creators in my district will all be helped by this legislation. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HARRIS. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding. The intent of our tax reform bill is to achieve tax relief for individuals at every income level in every State. I agree with the gentleman, there are still some areas where we will and can 
make improvements. If the gentleman is willing to help us continue to move this process forward today, I am happy to commit to working with him to ensure we reach a positive outcome for his constituents to reconcile our differences with the Senate. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for agreeing to work with me on this as we move forward. I will be voting for this bill today, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill to increase American competitiveness. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the lead Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee who understands the impact of double taxation from a donor State. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, someone near and dear to me once said that the Republican Party is the party of rich men and women, and the Democratic Party is the party of working men and women. Nothing proves that more than this tax scam today. I have been around here a long time. Of all the bills I have seen, this is one of the worst bills I have ever seen on the floor of this House. It is actually a disaster. It raises taxes on the middle class and on millions of families across America. It adds trillions to the debt to give tax cuts to America’s wealthy families and corporations while stripping credits and deductions from middle class families. What ever happened to the fiscal responsibility of the Republican Party? This budget ransacks Medicare and Medicaid of $1.5 trillion, and the GOP will use the new deficits to justify further devastating Medicare and Medicaid. Finally, it is a terrible disaster for my New York constituents who already pay their fair share of taxes. New York is a donor State, meaning that we pay more to the Federal Government than what we get in return. This will reduce or eliminate key deductions, such as curbing or eliminating deductibility of State and local taxes, mortgage interest deductions, college debt, student loans. We are a hightax State. This is a disaster. Scrap this disaster. Go back to the drawing board and write a bill which is fair to middle class taxpayers. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the voice of Houston. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is not the American Dream tax plan. This is the American nightmare, a tax scam of the worst proportion. With over 8,000 of my constituents last evening on a teleconference town hall meeting, overwhelmingly they disagreed with a tax plan that cuts Medicare or Medicaid to finance tax cuts, eliminates the mortgage tax deduction, so that those who are suffering from Hurricane Harvey, trying to rebuild their lives, seeking a new home cannot, in fact, deduct their mortgage. The same thing with the 200,000 Texans who are going to pay more because we are eliminating the deduction for State and local taxes, and eliminating deductions for student loans, casualty losses; by next year, $25 billion in Social Security cuts. My seniors on the phone last night asked me about those cuts. They asked me about the medical expenses cuts for seniors. All of that is eliminated. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a sample of teletownhall survey questions and answers. 
1. Teachers who purchase supplies for their classroom; 2. Moving expenses to take a new job and taxes employerprovided moving expenses; or 3. Dependent care assistance, making it harder for families to afford day care, nursery school, or care for aging parents? This Republican tax scam jeopardizes American innovation and competitiveness by eliminating the deduction for student loan interest, which affects 12 million borrowers, and cuts total education assistance by more than $64 billion. Under the extraordinary leadership of President Obama and the determined efforts of ordinary Americans, we pulled our way out from under the worst of the foreclosure crisis when the housing bubble burst in 2007. Inexplicably, Republicans are now championing a tax scheme that will make the homes of average Americans less valuable because deductions for mortgage interest and property taxes are much less valuable than under current law. A tax plan that reduces home values, as this one does, puts pressure on states and towns to collect revenues they depend on to fund schools, roads, and vital public resources. Mr. Speaker, an estimated 2.8 million Texas households deduct state and local taxes with an average deduction of $7,823 in 2015. But this is not the end of the bad news that will be delivered were this tax scam to become law, not by a long shot. The proposed elimination of the personal exemption will harm millions of Texans by taking away the $4,050 deduction for each taxpayer and claimed dependent; in 2015, roughly 9.3 million dependent exemptions were claimed in the Lone Star State. Equally terrible is that this Republican tax scam drastically reduces the Earned Income Tax Credit, which encourages work for 2.7 million lowincome individuals in Texas, helping them make ends meet with an average credit of $2,689. The EITC and the Child Tax Credit lift about 1.2 million Texans, including 663,000 children, out of poverty each year. So to achieve their goal of giving more and more to the haves and the ‘‘have mores,’’ our Republican friends are willing to betray seniors, children, the most vulnerable and needy, and working and middleclass families. The $5.4 trillion cuts in program investments that will be required to pay for this tax giveaway to wealthy corporations and individuals will fall most heavily on lowincome families, students struggling to afford college, seniors, and persons with disabilities. America will not be made great by financing a $1.7 trillion tax cut for the rich by stealing $1.8 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid, abandoning seniors and families in need, depriving students of realizing a dream to attend college without drowning in debt, or disinvesting in the working families. America will not be positioned to compete and win in the global, interconnected, and digital economy by slashing funding for scientific research, the arts and humanities, job retraining, and clean energy just to pay for a tax cut to corporations and individuals who do not even need it. Mr. Speaker, the tax scheme presented here by Republicans is not a plan but a scam that represents a betrayal of our values as a nation. This tax scam is not a revenue policy adapted for the real world that real Americans live in but a fantasy resting on the monstrous belief that the wealthy have too little money and that poor, working, and middleclass families have too much. Our Republican friends continue to cling to the fantasy belief that their tax cuts for the rich will pay for themselves despite all precedent to the contrary and evidence that their tax scheme is projected by experts to lose between $3 trillion and $7 trillion. Mr. Speaker, in evaluating the merits of a taxing system, it is not enough to subject it only to the test of fiscal responsibility. To keep faith with the nation’s past, to be fair to the nation’s present, and to safeguard the nation’s future, the plan must also pass a ‘‘moral test.’’ The Republican tax bill fails both of these standards. I strongly oppose H.R. 1, the ‘‘Republican Tax Scam Act,’’ and urge all Members to join me in voting against this reckless, cruel, and heartless proposal that will do nothing to improve the lives or wellbeing of middle and working class families, and the poor and vulnerable ‘caught in the tentacles of circumstance.’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. So I note that constituents in the 18th District of Texas, the past speaker’s district, that average families will see a tax cut of nearly $1,000, and Texas will grow 81,000 new jobs and see higher paychecks as a result of this tax reform bill. We are proposing a Tax Code so fair and simple, 9 out of 10 Americans will be able to file using a simple postcard system. There is a fairness and equality for each American—knowing what each others’ deductions are because we have exactly the same ones. This simplicity, this fairness, these larger paychecks, this is what the Tax Cut and Jobs Act is all about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), the leader of the Republican Conference. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his tremendous leadership on this important legislation this morning. I am proud to rise in support of enacting tax reform, tax relief to millions of Americans. We have been waiting a long time, more than 30 years. And while everything else has changed over 30 years, our Tax Code, unfortunately, has only gotten old, outdated, bigger, and more complicated. It has become a burden, a burden that we are going to lift. Now, there are some defenders of the status quo who think that the Tax Code is just fine. Well, that is not what the American people sent us here to do, to defend the status quo. We are here to do the big things. Our plan rewrites the Tax Code to put American families first, including families who have children with disabilities. For these families, who may have saved for their son’s or daughter’s college tuition, which is no longer needed, our plan carries on the legacy of the ABLE Act by allowing them to roll over from a 529 account to a 529A account, an ABLE account, to pay for things like medical bills or workforce development instead. With this bill, we are making it easier for everyone to reach their full potential. We are lifting the tax burden for everyday, hardworking Americans. An extra $1,182 for middleincome families in places likes eastern Washington could make all the difference between living paycheck to paycheck and saving for retirement or making that car payment. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic moment, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me on the right side of history by voting in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts. Let’s help our hardworking men and women all across this country. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for a unanimous consent request. (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD The Washington Post oped, ‘‘The Republican tax plan’s five worst dangers,’’ by Secretary Rubin, dated November 15, 2017. 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 15, 2017] THEREPUBLICAN TAXPLAN’SFIVEWORST  DANGERS  (By Robert Rubin) The deficitfunded tax cuts advancing through Congress are a fiscal tragedy for which our country will pay a huge price over time. While the details of the tax plan remain in flux, its fundamental contours will not change. Nor will its $1.5 trillion of deficit funding, the amount stipulated in the recently passed budget resolution. Perhaps it’s hopeless to expect those in Congress who have long bemoaned deficits and the debt to oppose the plan. If, however, as a matter of conscience or renewed reflection they decide to take heed, here are the fiscal dangers posed by the plan. To start, the tax cuts will not increase growth and, given their fiscal effects, would likely have a significant and increasingly negative impact. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center’s latest report estimated that, over 10 years, the average increase in our growth rate would be roughly zero, counting the crowding out of private investment by increasing deficits but not counting other adverse effects of worsening our fiscal outlook. The Penn Wharton Budget Model, using the same approach, estimates virtually no increase in longterm growth. Goldman Sachs projects an increase of 0.1 percent to 0.2 percent in the first couple of years and an average increase over 10 years of just 0.05 percent per year, not counting any of the adverse fiscal effects. These estimates reflect three underlying views held by mainstream economists. First, individual tax cuts will not materially induce people to work more. Second, corporate tax cuts will likely have limited effect on investment or decisions about where to locate 
business activity, given the many other variables at play. Third, deficitfunded tax cuts will have little shortterm effect on growth, except perhaps for some temporary overheating, because we are at roughly full employment. With no additional revenue from increased growth to offset the tax cuts’ cost, the publicly held debt of the federal government would increase by $1.5 trillion. An additional danger is that the actual deficit impact would be increased by abandoning the Congressional Budget Office’s nonpartisan evaluation that has been used for decades by both parties in favor of partisan calculations by those pushing the tax cuts. Adding $1.5 trillion or more to the federal debt would make an already bad situation worse. A useful measure of our fiscal position is the ratio of publicly held government debt to economic output or gross domestic product, called the debt/GDP ratio. In 2000, the debt/GDP ratio was 32 percent. The ratio is now 77 percent. Looking forward, the CBO projects the debt/GDP ratio to be 91 percent in 2027 and 150 percent in 2047. After $1.5 trillion of deficitfunded tax cuts, those future ratios have been estimated to increase to roughly 97 percent in 2027 and 160 percent in 2047. These estimates likely substantially understate the worsening of our fiscal trajectory. That’s because they do not account for the increasingly adverse effect on growth of the difficulttoquantify effects of fiscal deterioration. Exacerbating our already unsustainable fiscal trajectory with these tax cuts would threaten growth in five respects. These are highly likely to be substantial and to increase over time. First, business confidence would likely be negatively affected by creating uncertainty about future policy and heightening concern about our political system’s ability to meet our economic policy challenges. Second, our country’s resilience to deal with inevitable future economic and geopolitical emergencies, including the effects of climate change, would continue to decline. Third, funds available for public investment, national security and defense spending—a professed concern of many taxcut proponents—would continue to decline as debt rises, because of rising interest costs and the increased risk of borrowing to fund government activities. Fourth, Treasury bond interest rates would be highly likely to increase over time because of increased demand for the supply of savings and increased concern about future imbalances. That, in turn, would raise privatesector interest rates, which could also increase due to widening spreads vs. Treasuries, further reflecting increased concern about future conditions. And even a limited increase in the debt/GDP ratio could focus attention on our fiscal trajectory’s longignored risks and trigger outsize increases in Treasury and privatesector interest rates. The ability to borrow in our own currency, and to print it through the Federal Reserve, may diminish these risks for a while, as might capital inflows from abroad. But these mitigating factors have their limits; at some point, unsound fiscal conditions almost surely would undermine our currency and debt markets. Finally, at some unpredictable point, fiscal conditions—and these market dynamics— would likely be seen as sufficiently serious to cause severe market and economic destabilization. We have an imperative need to address our unsustainable longerterm fiscal trajectory with sound economic policies. Few elected officials want to face this fact, but, at the very least, they should not make matters worse. We can only hope that responsible elected officials will prevent this irresponsible tax plan from being adopted. 
1⁄2minutes for the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ). 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 1545. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose certain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3949. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approving agencies for multiState apprenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4374. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 807. An act to provide antiretaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers. f 
b1230 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 12 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
1⁄2minutes of debate remained on the bill. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) has 17 minutes remaining and, without objection, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) has 121⁄2minutes remaining. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, Congress established Alaska Native Settlement Trusts in 1988 to provide permanent health, education, and welfare benefits to Alaska Natives, who are among the most economically disadvantaged populations in the United States. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the Tax Code has, in many cases, impeded the creation and funding of Alaska Native Settlement Trusts. As a result, Alaska Native Settlement Trusts have not been able to function in the manner Congress originally intended to provide benefits for Alaska Natives. To remedy some of these tax issues, I have sponsored H.R. 3524, which permits an Alaska Native corporation to deduct contributions to their settlement trust. The provisions of H.R. 3524 were not included in H.R. 1, and the tax bill also adversely increases Alaska Native Settlement Trust tax rates from 10 percent to 12 percent. This would make it more difficult for Alaska Native Settlement Trusts to provide longterm benefits to Alaska Natives. Mr. Speaker, I request that the provisions of H.R. 3524 be included in the final conference report that results from the conference committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to work with the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) on this important issue for the Alaska Native community. Under the tax bill, Alaska Native Settlement Trusts would be unintentionally subject to a higher tax rate. I thank him for bringing this to my intention. I assure him that I will focus on this in conference as we finalize individual rate structures between the House and the Senate. I also look forward to working with him to advance the provisions of his bill in this important area. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for those remarks. He has been great to work with. His staff has been outstanding. I thank him for his commitment to working on the inclusion of H.R. 3524 and maintaining existing rates in law with regard to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts, and, more generally, for his support of the Alaska Native community. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, as we wind down this debate on tax reform or, what we should really call it, tax cut, I think that we should tabulate this as a missed opportunity. This could have 
been done between the two parties. Instead, much of this was constructed without any Democratic input. Reminder: In 1986, the historic Tax Reform Act included President Reagan and Speaker O’Neill, Chairman Rostenkowski, Dick Gephardt, and Bill Bradley. In this instance here, 32 years later, not one hearing was held on this tax bill that is about to be voted on in the next 45 minutes. The significance of that is that there was never any backandforth, and in 1986, expert testimony was sought from 450 witnesses. We had not one witness who commented on the legislation. It has been advertised as a middle class tax cut. Wait until you get the bill. How can you say that this is a middle class tax cut and compare that to repeal of the estate tax? How many middle class people in America pay the estate tax? That is how many people pay the estate tax. No middle class American pays the estate tax. There is no such thing as a death tax, in addition to which a middle class tax cut is described as doing away with the alternative minimum tax. 4.5 million families pay an alternative minimum tax in America. That is it. I fixed the problem years ago for the middle class, and 27 million people stopped paying AMT. So now we are down to people at the very top. So how are we paying for this? Or how are they paying for it, better, because they are not going to get much help on this side? Well, they decided that that teacher who used to have $250, that they could deduct on their income taxes, that is going to be abolished. So if you have Alzheimer’s and you exceed the 10 percent number in terms of cost in your healthcare for caring for that loved one at home who is sick or has dementia, that is how they are going to pay for the tax cut. They are going to take that away. State and local property taxes, they are going to take that away—the deduction. They are going to pare back the mortgage interest tax deduction. All of this advertised on the basis of a middle class tax cut? People at the bottom end are not going to get much from this tax cut. I want to take you back again, as I have repeatedly, because I have cast three great votes in this House during my 29 years: against the Iraq war, and there weren’t many of us; against the cuts in 2001; and against the tax system in 2003; all advertised as progrowth economics. There was no economic growth in the tax cuts of 2001, which totaled, by the way, $1.3 trillion. For people who said at the time, ‘‘everybody gets a tax cut,’’ they were correct. Then you looked at the distribution tables to see what people got at the top and then what people got at the bottom. Then we came back in 2003 and cut another trillion dollars in taxes—advertises progrowth economics—zippo growth occurred. Then, by the way, the granddaddy of them all: How about repatriation. Repatriation, bringing back those earnings to the United States for investment in job growth, at, by the way, 5
1⁄4 was the tax burden they carried, all based on job growth. It was for stock buybacks, dividends, and layoffs. We had a chance here to do something historic. We had a chance here in this debate and discussion because there is a genuine affability on that committee. We had this opportunity to take the Tax Code and transform it for the gig economy in the modern age. We didn’t do that, though. Four days we had to examine this tax proposal with no hearings. Not one chance for a Democratic amendment to proceed. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this historic legislation before us today represents a crucial step to fulfilling our tax reform promise to the American people, but it is not the final step. We are Republicans. We believe the Tax Code doesn’t belong to Washington. It belongs to the American people. We will continue to work to make it better and improve at every step of the way. Before I make final remarks, I want to thank all of our Ways and Means Committee members who have done so much and worked so hard, as well as every Member of this House who helped make this opportunity real for the American people. I also want to say how grateful I am to everyone at the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation and the House Office of the Legislative Counsel. Their careful analysis contributed so much to this bill. Finally, I want to give special recognition to Barbara Angus, the chief tax counsel on the Ways and Means Committee, and all of our staff on the committee, who put their hearts and their souls and many sleepiness nights in the development of this bill. I can’t thank them enough for their hard work and dedication. Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives is, by its very design, the Chamber of Congress closest to the American people. Today, this House—the people’s House—will pass historic legislation to improve the lives of Americans nationwide. For too long, this broken Tax Code has put the needs of the people second, propping up Washington’s special interests at the expense of hardworking Americans. For too long, this broken Tax Code has rewarded companies for outsourcing American jobs instead of encouraging them to create jobs here at home. For too long, this broken Tax Code has eroded America’s economic leadership around the world. This country used to be the standard bearer worldwide for competitive tax systems. Not anymore. Now the United States is barely a spec in the rearview mirrors of so many of our international competitors. In our businesses, our workers, our Made in America products, which are the best in the world, are bearing the consequences of Washington’s failure to act. That stops now, and it stops with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With this historic bill, we will provide real simplicity for every taxpayer, we will deliver real fairness to every hardworking American, we will be more competitive than ever, we will win worldwide and here at home, and we will see better jobs and bigger paychecks in every community of this great Nation so people can keep more of their hardearned dollars. With this bill, we will deliver a new Tax Code built for a new era of American prosperity. So to Washington’s special interests, who are now being propped up by absurd carveouts and loopholes, get ready to stand on your own. To our international competitors, who are now leading the pack, get ready to have some company. To the American people, who have waited years for tax reform, get ready for the tax relief you deserve. Today, this House—the people’s House—is taking action on the most transformational tax overhaul in a generation, and we are taking action today. It is time for this old, broken Tax Code to go. It is time to put the American people first. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2
1⁄2minutes. Mr. Speaker, let me acknowledge the support of the Democratic staff that are here as well: Kara Getz, Karen McAfee, Aruna Kalyanam, Peg McGlinch, Deva Kyle, Ji Prichard, and Suzanne Walsh. They did a magnificent job as well, and we are much dependent on the good staff work, particularly, on the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, I spoke earlier of the missed opportunity that we have here. We have a real problem in America with labor participation rates. Six million jobs go unanswered every day now in America, 18,000 precision manufacturing jobs in New England, and 1 million tech jobs, because skill sets don’t align with the job opportunities that are out there. Two million Americans sit home with opioid addictions who should be in the workforce. This was a chance to invest in human capital as well, to invest in our community colleges, to invest in apprenticeship programs. Yes, the other challenge that we have in America is, clearly, to invest in vocational education for many of the jobs that are available. Instead, we pushed that off to the side and decided that, once again, if we just had tax cuts, all of these challenges and problems would go away. The idea of investing in the human side of American opportunity is then 
people do what we would like them to do in terms of home buying, raising families, caring for neighborhoods, and practicing the art form of citizenship. Once again, what we are witnessing today—and we need to be alarmed about it—is the greater and greater conservation of wealth in America. Now, I understand it is complicated. It has to do much with technology and globalization, but it is also about the gig economy, and we, today, reward capital more than we reward labor. When we get done, if they are successful on the other side, we are going to further concentrate wealth amongst those few families in America. We serve here in the House of Representatives, not in the House of Lords. This is not about peerage, where you are entitled to a seat in this House of Representatives. That is what is wrong. That is what Jefferson and Madison envisioned when they signed those bonds of the Declaration of Independence and the American Constitution to break with Europe. We don’t practice divine right here. I wish the outcome here today, Mr. Speaker, would have been more genuine and it would have been different. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), our majority whip and a tremendous leader on tax reform. b1245 Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague from Texas. Chairman BRADY has done an incredible job at bringing this Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to the House floor. Today is an historic day, Mr. Speaker. For families who for so long have been calling out saying that they want to pay less in taxes, we answer that call today, Mr. Speaker. When you have heard the complaints, as I and so many others have every time we see a company move more jobs overseas, good, highpaying jobs overseas because America has the highest tax rate in the industrialized world, we finally do something about that today, Mr. Speaker, by cutting the corporate rate so that we can be competitive again and so that we can bring those jobs back home. Let’s talk about something else that is going to be a benefit to hardworking families in this bill, Mr. Speaker. We finally simplify the Tax Code in a way that over 90 percent of American families will actually be able to do their taxes on a postcard. Just think of how much that is going to save for people who have to pay to have their taxes done because the Code is so complicated and has become so massive that nobody can figure it out. We simplify the Code. Let’s go through those things. We lower tax rates. Everybody is going to see lower tax rates at every income level. We double the standard deduction from $12,000 to $24,000 that every family can take advantage of now. That doubled standard deduction is going to be a big win for hardworking families that are struggling. We eliminate special interest loopholes, Mr. Speaker. You might hear a lot of complaints out there from people who have been able to get their little piece of the Tax Code. The problem is, every time somebody gets a special interest loophole, it costs the rest of us. Now we get rid of those loopholes so that everybody can pay less in taxes. That is a big win for hardworking families. Mr. Speaker, in our bill, we completely repeal the death tax, probably one of the most immoral parts of our Code, where small businesses, family farms, if their loved one dies, the first thing they are thinking is grieving for their loved one, but immediately after, they get a big tax bill from the Federal Government that, in many cases, forces them to sell their small business instead of passing it on to their family. That is part of the American Dream. They pay taxes on it. We repeal the death tax. We deliver a much fairer Code, Mr. Speaker. Again, what this bill is about is finally putting more money in the pockets of hardworking families. It is about getting our economy moving again and creating jobs. Families recognize when they see the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world, tens of thousands of jobs going to countries like Ireland and Canada. I love Ireland and I love Canada. I just don’t want them to have tens of thousands of our good jobs. Let’s bring those jobs back. In our bill, we do that, Mr. Speaker. This bill is a win for hardworking families. This puts money back in the pockets of people who have been struggling so long, and it allows the economic growth that is going to see wages finally increase. After 10 years of a stagnant economy, it is about time we finally answer the call that millions of Americans have been asking us to do for so long, Mr. Speaker. Let’s pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and get our economy moving again. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), a very capable legislator, the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. This is the most irresponsible bill that I will have been confronted with in the 37 years that I have been in the Congress of the United States. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is both reckless and feckless. It is reckless because it would add more than $1.7 trillion— the chairman says over $2 trillion—to the debt over a decade in a shameful act of hypocrisy for its supporters who, for years, have called for fiscal responsibility. It is feckless because its authors write it with an eye toward politics, not policy. There is no courage in voting for this bill. It is easy to vote for a tax cut. What is hard to do is paying for what we buy. Neither side does that particularly well. There is no courage in voting for this bill, only a suspension of common sense and their now abandoned commitment to fiscal sustainability. Furthermore, my Republican friends call this bill a tax cut. The gentleman who just spoke, the whip, said it is a reduction in rates, but 36 million working Americans will receive a tax increase under this bill. It was a very careful articulation of reduction of rates, but taxes for 36 million Americans, working Americans, will go up. Furthermore, they call this bill a tax cut. It is not a stretch of the imagination to presume that, given Republicans’ urgency to reject bipartisan compromise and deflect public input, the Members of this House will be asked to accept whatever version of the tax bill can pass the United States Senate. Yesterday, the Senate Finance Committee rejected this bill 36–0. The Senate Finance Committee, headed by Republicans, rejected this bill 36–0. I am reminded of what Representative MATT GAETZ , a Republican, said last month about the budget resolution that teed up this tax plan. He said that we were being ‘‘asked to vote for a budget that nobody believes in so that we have the chance to vote for a tax bill that nobody’s read.’’ Mr. Speaker, I won’t ask anyone to raise their hand if they have read this bill. One hand. Those who take this vote will have to live with it and just hope that whatever mystery tax package their Senate colleagues send over here won’t gut whatever concessions they have extracted I heard the whip say no special provisions in this bill. I don’t have the time to go through every special provision that has been used to get people to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, this isn’t the tax reform the American people were promised or the tax reform the American people want. Mr. Speaker, let’s sit down together. Let’s sit down together, the chairman and Mr. NEAL, two responsible, good Americans, sit down together not in a partisan way, but in a bipartisan way. That is the way we did the 1986 bill. That is why it was such a responsible piece of legislation. Let’s enact tax reform that focuses on the working class, the middle class, the people who need the money, not give over half of it to the richest people in America. I don’t have any beef with them, we would all like to be rich, but they don’t need a tax cut, and the middle class does. Why give 50 percent of the revenue to them? Let’s enact tax reform that focuses on the middle class. Let’s enact tax reform that doesn’t give half the benefit to those making more than $900,000 a year. 
Let’s enact tax reform that improves our longterm fiscal position rather than adding the $1.7 trillion to our debt that the CBO projects that this bill would add. As former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin pointed out in an oped in today’s Washington Post—and, by the way, he was the Secretary of the Treasury during the only 4 years of balanced budgets that we have experienced in the last 50 years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HOYER. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Look to your souls, not your polls or your political accounts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HOYER. Reject this sellout of America’s future. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. The gentleman is no longer recognized. Mr. HOYER. * * *. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), our majority leader and a champion for tax reform. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to thank the gentleman. I want to thank him for all those Americans out there who have waited decades for this, for the hours that he has listened, for the numerous hearings he has gone through to get us to this day. Mr. Speaker, I stand before this body, but I want to speak to the people watching us at home right now and who will hear us in the hours and days to come. I want to speak to the people who stretch their budgets to get to the next paycheck. I want to speak to the people who are starting to wonder if the American promise no longer applies to them. You need a comeback. America needs a comeback. If we are successful today and in the weeks to come, you will keep more of the money that you earned. You will have more in your paycheck. Your life will improve. If we succeed, you will succeed, but if the leaders and obstructionists on the other side of the aisle win, you will lose. You see, they want Washington insiders and bureaucrats to keep more of your hardearned income. They think it is theirs to spend. We think it is yours. Now, I have tried my best to understand their opposition, and I have listened to the pessimistic leaders of a party that once upon a time claimed they stood for the common man. Without a shred of evidence, they are certain our plan won’t work. They drum up a stale argument from 30 years ago, saying all this bill does is help the rich. They call it a middle class tax hike. That same paper our colleague just held also has fact checkers, but the fact checkers gave them not one, not two, not even three, but the most Pinocchios you can give, four, for that lie. Every honest person sees this as a tax cut for hardworking Americans. This bill increases the child tax credit, increases the standard deduction, increases wages, and is already bringing back jobs to America. The fact is the first $55,000 an average family of four earns will not face a single penny of income tax, not a single penny. So what are these party leaders defending by their opposition? It is not the people. After all, there is not a single person I have ever met in this Nation who wants higher rates, lower wages, fewer jobs, and a more complicated Tax Code. No, they aren’t defending the people. They are defending loopholes for the special interests, corporate welfare, and carveouts for lobbyists. They are defending the abusive tactics of the status quo at the IRS. You know what I find most absurd? They are defending the reckless tax andspend policies of broken States across this country. They have made it their mission to increase taxes on our fellow citizens. My friends on the other side of the aisle have the audacity to call this a tax increase. In the end, they are defending a broken status quo. You know what I think, Mr. Speaker? I think that voting ‘‘no’’ on a plan with lower taxes, higher wages, more jobs, and a simpler system, that isn’t about Republicans and Democrats. Voting ‘‘no’’ is telling the American people you do not have faith in them to rise if they are given a fair shot. Mr. Speaker, I have a simple question for this House and for everyone who is watching at home: Do you want higher taxes and less money in your pockets or do you want lower taxes and more money? I think we have sent a message to the doubters and the critics. The American people do not want hard work to be punished. We do not accept decline. We do not accept that Washington knows how to spend our money better than we do. I have a different message for the American people: To those trying to find a job, that long search is coming to an end. This is your comeback. To those sick of just getting by and fighting for a raise, this is your comeback. To those struggling to keep your small business afloat, to pay your employees, to help your neighborhood, this is your comeback. b1300 To every American who ever dreamed of being an entrepreneur and owning a small business, this is your comeback. To every mother and father starting a family, raising your kids, and trying to give them more of an opportunity than you ever had, this is your comeback. Now, I put hope in the American people. This bill puts hope in our American people because we trust the people. That is the start of America’s comeback. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair reminds all Members to address their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the very capable Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and thank him for his superb leadership as the top Democrat on the Ways and Means Committee. I commend him, and all of our fellow Democrats on the committee, for standing up for the middle class in our country and fighting for the truth and what is in this bill. Mr. Speaker, this vote today is a defining moment for our country. Our votes today will decide the future of the American middle class and those who aspire to it, the future of our children and our grandchildren, and the future of the United States of America as the land of opportunity. Today, Republicans have brought forth a bill that is pillaging the middle class to pad the pockets of the wealthiest and hand tax breaks to corporations shipping jobs out of America and drastically increasing the national debt. The bill Republicans have brought to the floor today is not tax reform. It is not even a tax cut. It is a tax scam. So many people have written in about it who are affected by it, and I will submit all of that for the RECORD , but I do want to say that this is not only a defining moment, it is a moment of truth. With straight faces and with the speed of light—I have to give them credit; they raced this thing through in the dark of night—they are trying to sell a bill of goods to the middle class that this is in their interest, that this is a middleincome tax cut. According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, Republicans are raising taxes on 36 million middle class families. I associate myself with the very wonderful comments of our distinguished House Democratic whip, Mr. HOYER , especially at the end when he said: ‘‘Look to your souls, not to your polls.’’ I want to speak to Pope Benedict, his encyclical, God is love. It was his first encyclical as pope, and in that encyclical, Pope Benedict quoted the wisdom of St. Augustine. Seventeen centuries ago, St. Augustine said: ‘‘A state which is not governed according to justice would be just a bunch of thieves.’’ Benedict went on to say: ‘‘The state must inevitably face the question of how justice can be achieved here and now.’’ And he cautioned against the ‘‘danger of certain ethical blindness caused by the dazzling effect of power and special interests.’’ Interesting, in light of the fact that when this bill is brought forward, the 
Director of the National Economic Council, Gary Cohn, said: ‘‘The most excited group out there are the big CEOs, about our tax plan.’’ Is that about justice? Congressman CHRIS COLLINS said: ‘‘My donors are basically saying, get it done or don’t ever call me again.’’ Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM said: ‘‘The financial contributions will stop’’ if this tax scam fails. Well, he didn’t say scam. I am saying scam. That is my word. Back to the Pope and the Catholic bishops. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops wrote: ‘‘ . . . this proposal appears to be the first Federal income tax modification in American history that will raise income taxes on the working poor while simultaneously providing a large tax cut to the wealthy.’’ The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops went on to say: ‘‘This is simply unconscionable.’’ We always begin our session with prayer, and many of us attend mass on the weekend, on Sundays. But we cannot pray and think that that gives us a lesson to prey on people the rest of the week; and that is what this bill does. It preys on the middle class and those aspiring to it. It pillages and loots the middle class. It is a shameful piece of legislation, and the Republicans should know better. They say it is going to get better in the Senate. Oh my gosh. In the Senate, as Mr. HOYER pointed out, unanimously, the Senate Finance Committee rejected this proposal already. Was it 26–0? Whatever the number was, the zero loomed large. But getting back to values, because that is what we are here to do, and what we do in our budget, which the tax bill is a part of. It is supposed to be a statement of values. In his study of civilization, the great British historian, Arnold Toynbee, found that, at the beginning of a hopeful country, the political leadership formed a creative minority that inspired and led the flowering of civilization. But in some nations, leaders became a dominant minority of ‘‘exploiters, focused on their own wealth and power. Arnold Toynbee, welcome to the Republican side of the aisle and Congress. These competing mindsets, he went on, between the dominant minority of exploiters versus the creative minority that inspired and led the flowering of civilization, these competing mindsets and motivations create schisms in the body social and schisms in the soul of the body politic. And lo and behold, the Republican Party has written a bill, nearly half of the benefits go to the top 1 percent— top 1 percent in our country—and 80 percent of the benefits go to the top 2 percent. This is a defining moment, but it is also a moment of truth. How can the Republicans, with a straight face, say to the middle class: Well, we are doubling this or doubling that? Give with one hand, take with another. And to hear them cheer, hear them cheer for the provision in here about the estate tax? Listen to this. You tell me if you think this is fair. 1,800 families in America—not your family farmer. Everybody is taken care of in what we have done already with the estate tax. In this bill, 1,800 of the wealthiest families, the filers in our country, will, in the life of the bill, get the break of $172 billion; 1,800 families. This is for 1,800 families. And you know what? The Republicans cheered that; 1,800 families are going to get $172 billion. They cheer the fact that up to $1.5 trillion in tax cuts goes to corporate America, while, at the same time, giving them another tax break to send jobs overseas; at the same time, absolving them of any responsibility when it comes to State and local taxes; while insisting that individuals lose the State and local tax deduction, but corporations do not. And listen to all of it. Were they cheering when they are saying to a teacher—hear their cheering when they say to a teacher: You may bring supplies to your school because your school and classes need that? God bless you for that. But we are taking away the tax deduction that goes with that. What? Is that something to cheer about? They are saying to students who get a $2,500 tax deduction on interest on student loans: Forget about that. Even though it may make the difference between your attending college or not, forget about that. We are too busy giving a tax cut to the 1,800 wealthiest families in America so they can get $172 billion in tax breaks over the next 10 years. They are saying to families, whether they have a child with a disability, a senior with Alzheimer’s, and everything in between: If you have extraordinary medical expenses, and, since 1944, you have been able to deduct them, no more. No more, because we have got to give it to the high end. So take that away. Do you have any idea what that means to America’s working families, and what it means for them if they have Alzheimer’s? We had one person come to our event in San Francisco last week from BARBARA LEE’s district. She said there was over $170,000 in costs for her because her husband has Alzheimer’s. The tax deduction enabled them to survive. She said: I can’t even imagine the cruelty that decided that this should happen in this tax bill. So understand what this means in people’s lives, and tell the truth about it. Tell the truth about it. Republicans want you to believe that their trickledown tax break for the rich will pay for itself. Never has happened. As Bruce Bartlett, architect of Jack Kemp’s supplyside economics said, ‘‘It is not true,’’ that this trickledown economics pays for itself. ‘‘It is not true. It is nonsense.’’ And he went on to say it was ‘‘BS,’’ in the full extent of those words. This tax scam won’t create jobs. It won’t raise wages. It will only fill the coffers of the donors and the fat cats. The GOP tax scam will add trillions to the debt and stick our children with a bill that you cannot pay off. And none of us will probably be around by the time the full impact of the hemorrhaging of the debt in the second 10 years of this bill will require big tax increases. Look to the Kansas example. As I like to say to the Caucus, Mr. Speaker, maybe I have to use my motheroffive voice to be heard. But as a mother of five and a grandmother of nine, we are supposed to be thinking about our children and their futures, and our grandchildren and their futures. God willing, one day some of you will have grandchildren. I always ask the question: Do they breathe air? Do they drink water? Why are you messing that up in other areas of our policymaking here? But getting back to this. The tax scam won’t create jobs. It won’t raise wages. As I said: It will only fill the coffers of donors and the fat cats. This GOP tax scam will add trillions to the debt. Oh where, oh where are the deficit hawks? Have you become extinct? Is there not one among you who understands what this does to the national debt? And with all due respect to your leader, for him to put at our doorstep the debt, when it was a creation— President Bush went into office on a path from President Clinton of deficit reduction. The last five Clinton budgets were in balance or in surplus. President Bush turned that around by repealing payasyougo. Tax cuts for the wealthy didn’t trickle down. Two unpaidfor wars, giveaways to PHARMA, the pharmaceutical industry, taking us to a place—remember September of 2008, when we were in the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression? But anyway, back to here. As Republicans know, our Republican friends have already shown us their playbook. In this bill, corporations will get a cut of $1.5 trillion—the same $1.5 trillion that Republicans plan to slash from Medicare and Medicaid in the GOP budget. In their bones, the American people know they are getting a raw deal under the Republican bill before us. You know it. You know why you are here. You know what you are doing. Democrats believe the American people deserve better, a better deal, better jobs, better wages, better future. We want to create goodpaying jobs, raise workers’ wages, lower the cost of living for families, give Americans the tools 
they need to succeed in the 21st century. But you can’t do that if you have a budget that does not invest in that future and is hampered by the cuts. b1315 Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s write a bipartisan bill that raises wages, creates jobs, promotes growth, and reduces the deficit. To get to that place, we want to go to the table in a bipartisan way. What are you afraid of? In a bipartisan way, let’s put together a tax bill that is good for the American people instead of one that does violence to the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘no’’ and to demand a better bill for America’s working families. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops’ fabulous statement about this tax bill. 
UNITED STATES CONFERENCE OF  CATHOLIC BISHOPS , Washington, DC, November 9, 2017. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : Decisions about taxation involve fundamental concerns of ‘‘justice and equity’’, with the goal of taxes and public spending ‘‘becoming an instrument of development and solidarity’’ (Mater et Magistra, 132; Compendium of the Social Doctrine of the Church, no. 355). On October 27, the USCCB offered six moral principles to guide debate on tax reform, centered on care for the poor and concern for families. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 contains many fundamental structural flaws that must be corrected. As currently written, the proposal is unacceptable. Care for the Poor. Doubling the standard deduction will help some of those in poverty to avoid tax liability, and this is a positive good contained in the bill. However, as written, this proposal appears to be the first federal income tax modification in American history that will raise income taxes on the working poor while simultaneously providing a large tax cut to the wealthy. This is simply unconscionable. The nonpartisan congressional Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) indicates that by 2023 this tax plan will raise taxes on average tax payers making between $20,000 and $40,000 per year. Taxes for this group will be raised again in 2025, and again in 2027. Taxes will also increase on average taxpayers earning between $10,000 and $20,000 in 2025. The federal poverty line is $12,228 for one person, and $24,339 for a twoparent family with two children. Nearly one in three Americans live in a family with income below 200% of the poverty line. Meanwhile, average taxpayers who make over $1 million experience dramatic tax cuts for the same periods. No tax reform proposal is acceptable that increases taxes for those living in poverty to help pay for benefits to wealthy citizens. Several other tax provisions that assist the working poor and others who may struggle economically are also eliminated, including: the Work Opportunity Tax Credit, which incentivizes hiring of the disabled, veterans, those who have been unemployed for long periods, and individuals receiving federal povertyrelated assistance; the tax deductions to reduce the burdens of tuition and student loans; the income tax credit to persons who retire on disability; the deduction for state and local income and sales taxes, which may impact people in higher tax states; the tax deduction for employee business expenses; and tax incentives to employers and employees to help with moving expenses for a new job. Strengthening Families. Society, in Pope Francis’ words, is in ‘‘debt’’ to the family. The family is the most important institution in society because education, formation, and care for the human person, especially children, take place more in the family than anywhere else. Expanded access to schools of choice is a positive step in this legislation, and we would encourage Congress to go even further by empowering more parents in directing their child’s education. We also appreciate that the legislation recognizes unborn children as eligible beneficiaries for parents’ 529 education savings account contributions. However, this tax plan places new and unreasonable burdens on families, especially those who welcome life or experience serious hardships: It removes the adoption tax credit which provides important and lifeaffirming assistance for families to adopt children desperately in need of love and support. The plan also repeals the exclusion for adoption assistance programs, which allows a family to exclude money paid by an employer for adoption costs up to the amount of the adoption tax credit as an alternative. This exclusion also allows those who adopt a child with special needs to receive the full value of the exclusion regardless of actual adoption costs. Eliminating the credit and exclusion sends the wrong message about our national priorities, which ought to protect life, strengthen families, and affirm the value of every human being. The savings to society from children finding loving homes is well beyond any revenue lost due to the credit and exclusion. It eliminates the personal exemption. Even with the doubling of the standard deduction, some larger families will pay more, including many twoparent families with more than three children, and singleparent families with more than one child. It is laudable that the child tax credit has been expanded and removes the marriage penalty. However, the modest increase in the credit does not fully compensate for the elimination of the personal exemption for some larger families. Moreover, because the child tax credit only remains refundable up to $1,000, lower income families will get no additional benefits from the child tax credit, while suffering the full loss of the personal exemption. It eliminates the outofpocket medical expenses deduction for families facing serious or chronic illness. It eliminates tax incentives to employers to provide dependent care assistance or child care. The family flexibility credit, at $300 per taxpayer, is some help, but is set to expire after five years and does not offset the greater losses. It eliminates the qualified tuition reduction for children of teachers, which will raise taxes on educational institutions and disrupt family arrangements. It repeals mortgage tax credit certificates, which are only available for firsttime home buyers under certain income thresholds. Other aspects of the plan also have consequences for families. By creating stricter rules around parents’ social security numbers, the plan makes it more difficult for immigrant taxpayers to receive the Child Tax Credit or the Earned Income Tax Credit for their families, or to receive assistance in seeking advancement through education. Progressivity of the Tax Code. Pope St. John XXIII wrote that a progressive tax code is required by ‘‘justice and equity.’’ The ‘‘Unified Framework,’’ upon which this tax plan was based, promised that any new tax code would be ‘‘at least’’ as progressive as the present code. This plan breaks that promise. It raises taxes on the working poor, while simultaneously providing large tax breaks to highincome taxpayers. It also repeals the estate tax (which applies to the estates of single people valued at more than $5.5 million and married couples valued greater than $11 million), and eliminates the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) which was designed to prevent highincome earners from avoiding tax liability through loopholes. In the years that the working poor suffer a tax increase under this bill, millionaires and billionaires will see significant tax decreases. This must be fixed. Those who stand to benefit the most from proposed tax policies ought to be the ones to bear most of the risk associated with them, rather than those who are struggling and in need. Adequate Revenue for the Common Good and Avoiding Future Cuts to Poverty Programs. The state has a legitimate role in promoting the common good, and a legitimate interest in collecting taxes to do so. This tax plan, by design, will result in a nearly $1.5 trillion deficit over ten years. Even with the potential benefits of economic growth from individual and corporate tax cuts—which cannot be guaranteed—the poor should not be the ones to finance these changes. Undoubtedly, the deficit will be used as an argument to further restrict or end programs that help those in need, programs which are investments to help pull struggling families out of poverty. Repeal of the AMT and estate tax alone comprise a good portion of the deficit that is built into the plan. Rather than exploring even modest reductions to these dramatic cuts for the wealthiest, the bill raises taxes on the vulnerable and creates a strong incentive to cut the social safety net. Incentive for Charitable Giving and Development. Doubling the standard deduction will bring tax relief to many people. However, for those who give to charity, it will make the charitable deduction increasingly a benefit only available to high income families. An ‘‘abovetheline’’ deduction would incentivize and assist charitable giving at all income levels, and increase the amounts people can give. It would also guard against a multibilliondollar decrease in charitable giving that this plan would otherwise cause, shrinking civil society and cutting income to nonprofits that help the poor, just as government aid to the poor is jeopardized, as noted above. By and large, money given to charity helps those in need. The tax code should encourage voluntary association, mutual aid, and a culture of giving, helping rather than hurting groups that will be asked to do more for the poor in the days ahead. Similarly, this plan will lower the value of affordable housing and community revitalization incentives. Publicprivate partnerships that benefit the poor and the greater community should not be discouraged. Because tax policy is farreaching, Congress must provide ample time for Americans to discuss the complexities of these reforms and fully understand their effects. The current timetable does not provide adequate time for that discussion. In many ways, this legislation is unacceptable in its present form and requires amendment. It must be changed for the sake of families—the bedrock of our country—and for those struggling on the peripheries of society who have a claim on our national conscience. Sincerely, MOSTREVEREND FRANK J. DEWANE , Bishop of Venice, Chairman, Committee on Domestic 
Justice and Human Development. MOSTREV. GEORGE V. MURRY , S.J., Bishop of Youngstown, Chairman, Committee on Catholic Education. MOSTREVEREND OSCAR  CANTU´, Bishop of Las Cruces, Chairman, Committee on International Justice and Peace. 
Ms. PELOSI. I return to one of their statements: ‘‘ . . . this proposal appears to be the first Federal income tax modification in American history that will raise income taxes on the working poor while simultaneously providing a large tax cut for the wealthy.’’ The Senate is not going to make it better. They have already said they are raising taxes on those making under $75,000 and giving tax cuts to the wealthy. They have already said they are going to take affordable care away from 13 million Americans. I don’t know how that is making it better. That might be something you applaud, but I certainly hope you would not vote for it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind all Members to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to others in the second person. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, no one man has plowed the field for tax reform for more years, more boldly, or more effectively than the Speaker of the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN). Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, first, I love this 1 minute, and I try not to abuse it too much, but I am going to right now. Mr. Speaker, I want to start off by thanking Chairman KEVIN BRADY and all of the members of the House Ways and Means Committee for this job well done. Mr. Speaker, we are in a generational defining moment for our country, and what we are doing here—what we are doing here—is not just determining the kind of Tax Code we are going to have, what we are doing here is determining the kind of country we are going to have. Right now, because of this anemic economic recovery—don’t forget, we had the worst recession in our lifetimes in 2008, and ever since then this economy has been flat. This economy has been way under its potential. This economy has been growing at a limp 1 to 2 percent. Do you know what that means for hardworking taxpayers? Do you know what that means for Americans? Nobody gets a wage increase. Living standards are stagnant. Economic anxiety is high. Seventyeight percent of our workers in this country today are living paycheck to paycheck. Most Americans say that they don’t even have $500 in their bank account for an unexpected emergency or an expense. This is the economic anxiety that is for real in this country today. Instead of thinking about getting ahead, families are just struggling to get by. Think about all the moms and the dads and the hardworking taxpayers going to bed tonight and not sleeping, worried about what comes next week. This is not how it should be. This is not how it is in this country traditionally. We need to restore growth. We need to restore opportunity. We need to restore this beautiful thing we affectionately call the American idea. Passing this bill is the single biggest thing we can do to grow the economy, to restore opportunity, and to help these middle income families who are struggling. People always ask: Well, what is in it for me? How do I benefit from this? I am a chart guy. Why is this important? What this shows you, under this plan, the average family at every income level gets a tax cut, a tax cut at every average level. What this chart shows you, the people here who are struggling, the people here who are in middleincome brackets, the people here in low income trying to become middle income, they get the biggest tax cuts. This plan is good for people in all walks of life all across the country, and the bigger relief goes to those who need it most. Let’s put it into numbers. A typical household of four people, they make $59,000 in this country. That family of four gets an $1,182 tax cut the first year alone. The median family income, Mom, Dad, two kids, the median family income in America today is $87,000. That family will get a $1,941 tax cut right away, year one. If you are one of those 57 percent of Americans who say you don’t even have $500 to go through an emergency, this really helps you. Let’s talk about those people who itemize their taxes, who live in high tax States. Let’s talk about a couple making $1115,000, living a hightax State. Let’s say they have $8,400 in a mortgage interest payment and $6,900 in property taxes for the year. They can still write all of those off under this plan, and they will still see a tax cut of $1,130; if they have kids, an even larger tax cut. Not only do people get to keep more of their own money in their own pocket, but we dramatically simplify the tax system. We make it more fair. Today, 7 out of 10 Americans don’t itemize their deductions. That means 70 percent of Americans take what we call the standard deduction for their taxes. It is just that. It is standard. It is straightforward. You are not taxed on that income. But over the years, Washington has piled on special interest loophole after special interest loophole after special interest loophole. These loopholes are skewed to the people who are wealthy, who are well connected, who can afford all the tax lawyers and all the accountants to navigate the Tax Code so they can get a good deal. But if you are not in that group, if you don’t have the lawyers and the accountants and you are just scraping away with your middle income, you don’t get those deals. What we want to do is take those loopholes away, make it fair for everybody, lower tax rates, and make it easy. Here is how easy this gets. We are going to make it so easy that, by doubling the standard deduction, 90 percent of Americans, 9 out of 10 Americans, will be able to fill out their taxes on a form the size of a postcard. What this means is, for a single person, you don’t pay taxes on your first $12,000 of income. For a married couple, you don’t pay taxes on your first $24,000 of income. Here is the basic philosophy. Instead of jumping through all the hoops that the IRS puts in front of you, instead of doing what the special interest groups say you need to do in order to get some of your money back, we basically say: Keep your money in the first place. It is your money. Do what you want with it. All of this is about tax relief. It is about fairness. It is about simplicity. It is about easing the stress and anxiety that is in this country. What we really need to do is we need better jobs, more jobs, faster economic growth, higher wages. This brings us to the way we tax ourselves as businesses. This brings us to what do we do to make America the most competitive place in the world. Here is the real problem we have got when it comes to the way we tax our businesses. We are the worst in the world at it. We, right now, tax our businesses at the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world. What does that do? Well, let me give you an example of where I come from. In Wisconsin, the example is Johnson Controls. Johnson Controls is a company with a history dating back, in our State, to the 1880s. It was the biggest company we had headquartered in Wisconsin. Not anymore, because Johnson Controls is an Irish company, and their Irish tax rate is 12
1⁄2percent. This is happening all over the country. Companies, just to stay competitive, are becoming foreign companies. And when the headquarters of that company leaves your hometown, when the headquarters of that business and that employer leaves your State and goes to another country, there goes the United Way Campaign. There goes the whitecollar jobs. There goes the manufacturing. There goes the research and development. There goes America’s competitiveness. What is worse is all these foreign companies are buying U.S. companies because it is cheaper because of taxes. Here is what we do. Instead of being the worst in the pack, we leapfrog ourselves by bringing that tax rate down 
to 20 percent. Because, guess what. When you tax your businesses at much, much higher tax rates than our foreign competitors tax theirs, they win and we lose. We have got to stop losing. We have got to start winning. That is what this does. What is even more impressive about this is it lowers taxes for those small businesses, those momandpops even more. We have got to make sure that our businesses, the job creators of America, have every incentive to stay here, have every incentive to build here, have every incentive to hire here. What is more, we are finding that by doing this, we are going to get faster economic growth. We are going to get more jobs. We are going to get higher wages, better takehome pay. Let me just break it down in simple numbers. The Tax Foundation ran the numbers. The nonpartisan Tax Foundation said, with this bill, we will get faster growth, about 3
1⁄2percent faster economic growth. We will get about 890,000 new jobs. They estimate that in New York State alone, 57,834 new jobs; In Wisconsin, 17,999 new jobs; in California, 101,422 new jobs; in Texas, 74,037 new jobs. You get these new jobs when you grow this economy. You pass this bill, you grow this economy. So why do we do all of this? Because it is about giving people more take home pay. It is about raising wages. It is about helping families that are struggling to get ahead. It is about getting Washington out of the business of picking winners and losers and giving the American people the kind of economy they deserve, the kind of economy we can have. This just shows you that across every income scale across the board, wages will go up because we are going to grow the economy. Most of the wage growth goes to the people who need it most, people who are in the middle, people who are struggling. That is why we are here. Right now, we are in the middle of a long day where people are working tooth and nail in their jobs. We are right here in the middle of a day where America’s workers are trying to figure out how they are going to make ends meet, how they are going to keep up with everything. Those people, the hardworking taxpayers of this country that we represent, that is why we are here. This is why we are doing this. They are the foundation of this country. We are here today for them. The special interest groups are trying to protect their piece of the pie. All the negativity you see out there, there is probably a special interest group back there trying to keep their special niche in the Tax Code. It is high time we root that out, we don’t settle for the status quo, and we give people the kind of Tax Code that they need and they deserve. It has been 31 years since we last did this, and it is finally time that we get the general interests of this country to prevail over the special interests in Washington. We know that this brings more fairness. We know that this increases take home pay, bigger paychecks, and we know that this grows the economy and creates more opportunities. Faster economic growth is not going to fix every problem America has, but faster economic growth is going to help us solve every problem America has. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues today to raise their gaze and do something bold, to see the forest through the trees, to think about the people we are here to actually represent, to think about the people who are struggling, who are going to go to bed tonight and probably not sleep because they are worried about what is going to happen tomorrow. That is what this is. This is one of the most historic and the biggest things that we will ever do. b1330 And the reason is because this is one of the biggest things we can do to improve people’s lives, to revitalize that beautiful American idea, to spread liberty and freedom. This is something that is going to refresh our confidence in ourselves and our confidence in each other. Enough settling. Enough giving in. Let’s start to reclaim our future right here in this moment, in this Chamber. In this moment, let’s pass this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, more jobs, bigger paychecks, and fairer taxes. Those are the three big promises of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am proud to lend my support. This tax relief legislation serves as an opportunity for all American families to achieve the American dream—because it is crafted with working families and providing relief for the middle class in mind. This bill does much to reform and revitalize the tax code. I look forward to doing even more to assist American families and communities, ensure U.S. companies can fairly compete with foreign counterparts, and close existing loopholes in our laws. For years, our nation’s high corporate tax rate has created an unlevel playing field for U.S. businesses to compete in global markets. By reducing rates and moving to a territorial system much in line those of our international competitors, we will incentivize companies to build investment here, thereby creating new jobs and increasing takehome pay for hardworking Americans. Further compounding this problem is the ability, in some industries, for foreignbased competitors to exploit loopholes in the tax code to avoid taxes altogether. For instance, under current law foreignbased reinsurers to transfer a portion of their profits to offshore tax havens, and thus shielded from our corporate tax rate, has essentially gutted the domestic reinsurance industry over; the last two decades. Rather than allowing our domestic insurers to effectively compete, this uneven and unfair playing field instead promotes the use of foreign inversions and affiliate transactions to achieve a lower tax rate. This environment erodes the U.S. tax base to the tune of billions, and forces U.S. insurers to decide whether solelydomestic operations, which many have maintained for decades, is worth paying a higher effective tax rate. Mr. Speaker, these are not decisions that our tax code should force on job creators. As our country competes with the rest of world in a 21st century global economy, it is essential that our tax policies offer opportunities for job creators in the United States of all sizes to grow, thrive, create jobs, and increase the takehome pay for all hardworking Americans so that they may thrive and seek their dreams. As the U.S. economic engine drives forward, aided significantly by the passage of this historic legislation, we must also ensure that neglected and distressed communities are kept in mind. My district in southern Ohio has leveraged the New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) and Historic Tax Credit (HTC) to bring hundreds of millions of dollars of investment to such areas, and the net result is thousands of permanent new jobs and housing units in my district alone. Given the positive impacts these progrowth credits have had in my district and across the country, I was hopeful for the preservation of NMTC and HTC as my colleagues on the Ways & Means Committee crafted this legislation. While H.R. 1 would repeal both credits, the Senate’s proposal would retain the NMTC and a modified version of the HTC. I hope the House and Senate come to a productive solution in conference. More broadly, I encourage my colleagues in the upcoming House and Senate conference process to produce a final version that will ensure our tax relief creates a level playing field for all competitors in an interconnected world, and realizes the vast potential of our nation’s overlooked communities. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of America’s future generations who will be saddled with an unsurmountable debt created by H.R. 1, the Republican Tax plan, I must object to it. This rushed piece of legislation will not only add more than $1.7 trillion to the national debt over the next 10 years, but it will also shift the burden of paying for that debt to our hard working families. Despite our Republican colleagues’ assertions that this tax plan will benefit the majority of Americans, numerous economists disagree. They note that nearly 45 percent of all households with children will see a tax increase, while 80 percent of our wealthiest citizens will receive a tax cut by 2027. Even more egregious, this tax bill seeks to eliminate the longstanding State and Local Tax deduction, subjecting every wage earner’s income to double taxation. This defeats the original framers’ intent to avoid a system of double taxation. The original tax code, drafted in 1913, consisted of three pages in its entirety and included the State and Local Tax deduction at the core of its responsible tax policy to ensure state and local governments could raise revenues for public schools, police, fire, and emergency services. Plain and simple, this tax plan is a tremendous windfall for our wealthiest 1 percent and large corporations. It favors large businesses over small businesses, it favors sending jobs overseas rather than creating jobs at home, it favors the wealthy over hourly wage earners, and it pays for these tax cuts for the wealthy by raising taxes on our middle class families 
to the detriment of Medicare, Medicaid, education, and other vital public services. The fact is, Mr. Speaker, this bill is so skewed to benefit the wealthiest 1 percent in America that it could more accurately be named, ‘‘H.R. 1 percent’’ I urge my colleagues to support the 99 percent of Americans instead, and to oppose this plan. Vote no on H.R. 1. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, today is a good day for hardworking Americans. We are considering legislation that let’s taxpayers keep more of their paycheck to save, spend, and invest as they see fit. Our bill—the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—will overhaul our broken tax code and finally put the American taxpayer first. Because we can all agree that hardworking taxpayers are the losers under the current system. Right now, our tax code rewards lawyers, lobbyists and loopholes—while leaving hardworking families and job creators behind. The bill we are considering today will change all of that. To me, there is only one special interest group that matters—and that is the American people. That’s why we simplify the tax code and cut taxes for all Americans to ensure hardworking Americans—like the people I represent in Southeast Texas—can keep more of their hardearned money. It has been more than 30 years since the last time we overhauled our tax code. And since then it has grown to more than 70,000 pages. I like to put it this way . . . our current tax code is now longer than the Bible with none of the good news. Over the past 30 years, Washington has piled up all these carveouts and loopholes for special interests—making things far too complicated and far too expensive for hardworking families. This needs to end—and today the House will take a historic step to fix that and deliver long overdue tax relief to the American people. Here are the details: First, we get rid of loopholes. Then we use that money to lower taxes. And then, we simplify the code altogether. Now, instead of seven confusing tax brackets and carveouts, there will be just four— making things so simple that you can file your taxes on a postcard. Importantly, we also double the standard deduction, increase the child tax credit, eliminate the Death Tax, and preserve the home mortgage interest deduction. In addition—to help create more good jobs right here in America—we lower the tax rate on job creators from 35 percent down to 20 percent. Today, many of America’s biggest job producers face the highest tax rate in the world— which makes America less competitive and forces jobs overseas. We fix that in our bill—because we want companies to invest, grow and produce jobs right here in America. We also reduce the tax rate on the income earned by small businesses to no more than 25 percent—the lowest tax rate on small business income since World War II. Folks, let’s not forget. When we reformed the tax system over 30 years ago, it led to an explosion in jobs and economic growth. With the passage of this bill, we will be on the verge of achieving such greatness again. This is an exciting time—and the American people deserve some good news. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly follow our lead and get a bill passed so we can deliver a tax relief bill to the American people before Christmas. For more details on our bill, please visit www.FairAndSimple.GOP. Thank you—and God bless. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5minute vote on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 3109, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 227, nays 205, not voting 2, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NAYS—205 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will increase paychecks for hardworking Montanans, create Montana jobs, and unleash economic growth. In fact, analysis from the nonpartisan Tax Foundation finds the bill will create nearly 2,900 Montana jobs and will increase income for median Montana households by $2,200. Hardworking Montanans will see a big tax break by cutting their rates and by doubling the standard deduction. Montana families will benefit from an increased child tax credit. Today, only about one in four Montanans itemize their deductions—filling out stacks of paperwork for hours after saving piles of receipts. With tax reform, those days are over. Under the new plan, nine out of ten Americans won’t have to itemize to see their full tax benefit, and they will file their taxes on something like a postcard. I am proud to vote for tax reform that will create thousands of Montana jobs, ensure hardworking Montanans keep more of what they earn, and help small businesses. 
SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support Small Business Saturday on November 25. Small Business Saturday takes place every year on the Saturday after Thanksgiving. It is a day for Americans to support their community and their local businesses. As a former smallbusiness owner myself, I know the value that our small, locally owned businesses add to our local economy. Arizona is the proud home of more than 500,000 small businesses that employ nearly 1 million Arizonans. These small businesses are the lifeblood of our local economies, and they are vital to the future of our communities. Our entrepreneurs are local community leaders. They hire local employees and they contribute to local causes. This holiday shopping season, we have the chance to show appreciation for our local businesses and all they do for our communities. I encourage all Americans to go out and shop at their favorite local small businesses or dine at their favorite local restaurant and support Small Business Saturday on November 25. f 
b1400 BENEFITS OF TAX BILL (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With Chairman BRADY ’s leadership, my colleagues and I worked hard to combine our ideas to help Americans across the Nation have lower taxes, better careers, and more money in their family budget. Over the past year, it has been a collaborative effort. I have listened to and worked with people and businesses about their ideas on tax reform from all across the Second Congressional District of Arkansas. With today’s vote, we are one step closer to reforming our broken Tax Code. Over the past several months, we have worked to reduce taxes on families and let them keep more of their money. For businesses, we want to have a more competitive tax system that promotes investment, which will spur our economic growth and family prosperity. According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, H.R. 1 will raise aftertax incomes for hardworking Arkansans by over $2,000. Furthermore, H.R. 1 benefits families by increasing the child tax credit to $1,600, instead of $1,000. That helps over 50,000 taxpayers in my district. By passing this bill, it could lead to the creation of an additional 5,000 jobs. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STEVE MOSTYN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the very sad task, as we begin the season of Thanksgiving, of announcing the passing of my dear friend, 
Steve Mostyn, a great Texan, a great American, husband, father, and friend. We pray for him; his beautiful wife, Amber; and his children. Today, I ask, in the spirit of our faith, if Members will join me in a moment of silence for the passing of Steve Mostyn. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 637. 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL (Mr. GARRETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, in the realm of humanity, that which is cobbled together by humans is rarely perfect. So, too, the tax reform that we undertook today is not perfect; however, it was overdue, and it is good. Candidly, any legislation contemplated that was last addressed when I weighed 112 pounds and had a full head of hair is long overdue. Having said that, I can find some fault. And I would submit that it is with the confidence and belief in the leadership of this Chamber and the relevant committees that will discuss the maintenance of the historic preservation tax credit, which is included in the Senate version of this bill, that I cast my ballot today. I think that is a worthwhile investment in revitalizing downtrodden areas. I want to make my voice known publicly, loudly, and on the record. I also hope that Members of this body, on both sides of the aisle, would consider the opportunity for students to remove themselves from the dark cloud of student loan debt by virtue of reviewing the Student Security Act that will be unveiled here within the next 24 hours. 
TAX BREAK FOR THE WEALTHIEST AMONG US (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, what happened today on this floor was a massive tax break for the wealthiest people in our country. Over half of the tax dollars will go to people in the upper 1 percent of the income strata. The big pot of gold at the end is eliminating the inheritance tax by the year 2024, so that the heirs of the richest will get millions and hundreds of millions and billions in tax relief. This bill should have been geared toward the middle class. The middle class is getting tip change from a cheap restaurant, while the millionaires and billionaires are getting away with no AMT tax, changed rates at the top, and inheritance tax changes. They get the money. The middle class gets shafted. It is a con job. It is a shame. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JACK TOLBERT (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Korean war veteran Jack Tolbert, who passed away this month at the age of 94. He was a longtime resident of Redding, California, for over 50 years, and was originally a Texas native. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his heroism in Korea. In 1953, his outpost came under attack. A Chinese soldier hurled a grenade into Sergeant Tolbert’s bunker. In an incredible moment of selfless bravery, Jack hurled himself on the grenade to shield his fellow soldiers from the explosion and injury or even death. Jack lost both his legs, among numerous other injuries. Though he would never admit it himself, Jack truly was a hero for having protected his brothers in arms. I knew him personally. It was always a joy to see Jack at events in the Redding area. He was always full of joy. He had a joke and slap on the back. He never let his condition get him down. He was always one of the most positive people in the room and a joy to be around. We will miss Jack dearly, but we are all blessed to have him in our lives, whether it was his service in Korea or his time as our neighbor in Shasta County. God bless him and his family. 
STAND FOR PROGRAMS THAT BENEFIT AMERICA’S CHILDREN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let us never forget that the GOP tax scam will harm real people. On Tuesday afternoon, 42 high school students from the Cristo Rey Newark High School were here at the Capitol, urging me to vote against the GOP tax scam. Mr. Speaker, the young people I met with are from financially struggling families. They worked hard and got accepted into an innovative school to gain professional skills. The students take part in a corporate work study program. Their earnings go towards their college preparatory education. The model works. Last year, 100 percent of Cristo Rey Newark’s students were accepted into 4year colleges. Under the GOP tax scam, these bright, young people from financially disadvantaged families will have to pay taxes on their work study earnings—taxes they cannot afford. That is wrong. I will continue to stand up against the GOP tax scam and stand for programs that benefit America’s children. f 
NATIONAL BIBLE WEEK (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Bible Week. For thousands of years, the Bible has been a source of guidance and strength for humanity. During times of turmoil and confusion, I can think of no more important source of comfort than the wisdom provided in the Good Book. The Bible serves as a profound influence in my life, as well as others in this Chamber. Many of us gather weekly for prayer breakfasts and Bible study. The Bible offers us hope when circumstances are dire and is a source of strength when human frailty brings us low. As we read in the Gospel of Matthew: ‘‘Come unto me, all ye that labor under heavy laden, and I will give you rest.’’ Next week, as we celebrate Thanksgiving, my prayer is that it will be a time of healing and unity for all. As we reflect on the blessings God has provided, I hope we will also celebrate the gift God provides us daily through His holy word. 
TAX BURDEN ON HARDWORKING FAMILIES (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago, on the floor of the House of Representatives, we saw a vote on what has been called the middle class tax cut. Unfortunately, I am here to remind all of us, Mr. Speaker, that it really is a tax scam. When we have looked into the many communities across America and seen families like the hardworking families in the district that I represent in California, the average family or household that files a tax return every April 15 makes an average income of about $69,000. That family, according to what was just passed on this floor, is going to be leaving behind over $1,000 more than they normally would have when they do their taxes. That hurts. That family is a hardworking family. That family cannot afford to miss out on $1,000 of their hardearned money. I heard people say earlier that that is not going to happen. That is just not true. 
FIGHTING FOR AMERICAN BUSINESSES (Mr. BUDD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, the House just only moments ago passed historic 
tax reform. I am proud to have supported it. In conference, we will have the opportunity to improve the bill. There is one issue I would like to raise for them: closing the Bermuda loophole. Basically, how it works is that a company located in Bermuda strips revenue out of its U.S. branch and then invests that revenue under Bermuda tax law, meaning the company pays virtually nothing in taxes on that income. It as crippling advantage. Companies that stay in America are getting killed. We have had two massive inversions in 2 years to Bermuda and Switzerland. The number of foreign property casualty insurers in the top 25 has increased sevenfold since 1990. Closing this loophole is in the Senate bill, and it was in the last tax reform proposal. It also raises $8.7 billion in revenue. That is in addition to the countless jobs and proud American businesses that it would save. We can’t have a Tax Code that destroys American business. We have got to close this loophole. 
THE REPUBLICAN TAX BILL IS A BLOW TO SENIORS AND FAMILIES (Mrs. NAPOLITANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1, the Republican tax bill, which is a giveaway to corporations and the richest 1 percent, and a tax hike on working class Americans and their children. It is unconscionable, as it cripples the State and local tax deductions. Thirty percent of my residents will lose these deductions, averaging $17,000 per family, according to the IRS, which will devastate housing affordability in my district and disadvantage California taxpayers, compared to other States. It cruelly eliminates the medical expense tax deduction worth over $10,000. This is a direct blow to seniors and families in my district who have long term medical needs, as well as families with children who have severe disabilities. The House bill is terrible, but the Senate wants to include a repeal of the Affordable Care Act in their bill, making it even more painful for working families. This would kick millions of Americans off their health insurance plan, spike premiums, and undermine our entire healthcare system. It also abolishes the taxexempt status of private activity bonds used by San Gabriel Valley cities, water agencies, and transportation agencies to provide lowcost financing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against it. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  letters from the League of California Cities, the California Department of Finance, the California State Treasurer, and the San Gabriel Valley Economic Partnership in opposition to H.R. 1. LEAGUE®OFCALIFORNIA CITIES , CSAC, CALED, CSBA, CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®, November 9, 2017. For Immediate Release. COALITION OF LOCAL GOVERNMENTS , ECONOMIC  DEVELOPMENT LEADERS , SCHOOLS AND REALTORS URGE CALIFORNIA CONGRESSIONAL  DELEGATION TO REJECT TAXREFORMS THAT  HARM TAXPAYERS , HOMEOWNERS AND THE  ECONOMY  
LOSE THE MOST FROM PROPOSED REFORMS  SACRAMENTO .—The associations representing California’s local governments, economic development leaders, schools and realtors urge the California congressional delegation to protect the State and Local Tax deduction and a key economic development tool at risk under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in its current form. The SALT deduction makes the cost of living more affordable in states like California. Eliminating the deduction for state and local income taxes and capping the local property tax deduction at $10,000 would hurt hard working California families and only add to the housing affordability crisis in the state by eliminating a key incentive for homeownership. In 2015, 6.1 million California taxpayers claimed the SALT deduction with the average deduction at around $18,000. The SALT deduction has been an integral component of the federal tax code since its creation in 1913 and was one of the six deductions allowed under the original tax code. Eliminating or capping federal deductibility for state and local property, sales and income taxes would represent double taxation and would upset the carefully balanced fiscal federalism that has existed since the permanent creation of the federal income tax over 100 years ago. Taxexempt Private Activity Bonds (PABs) are an important tool for state and local governments to help finance major public projects, including transportation and water infrastructure, affordable housing construction, schools—all of which are essential for job growth, healthy economies, safe communities and the nation’s economy Eliminating PABs’ taxexempt status would drive up the costs of borrowing for these projects by 25–25 percent and be a disincentive to spurring private sector investment in our communities. Given the impact on California families and our economy, we respectfully urge the California congressional delegation to oppose eliminating or capping the SALT deduction or removing the exemption on PABs as part of any tax reform proposal. 
QUOTES FROM COALITION LEADERS  Carolyn Coleman, Executive Director, League of California Cities: ‘‘Hard working California tax payers and our communities would be harmed by the current proposal. We hope that California’s congressional delegation hears this message and takes swift action to reject any proposals that would cause people to pay taxes on their income twice, would destabilize key incentives for homeownership and increase borrowing costs for state and local governments to finance projects that benefit our communities. Matt Cate, Executive Director, California State Association of Counties: ‘‘California Counties are increasingly concerned with several provisions in the House tax reform package. The narrowing of the SALT deduction alone would impact county resources and their ability to meet the service needs of the public. The additional changes to infrastructure financing tools, including the taxable status of Private Activity Bonds (PABs) and the ability to advance refund municipal bonds, will fundamentally harm the way counties do business on behalf of our residents.’’ Gurbax Sahota, President and CEO, California Association for Local Economic Development: ‘‘The current tax proposal eliminates Private Activity Bonds—eliminating an important economic development financing tool California uses to fund manufacturing expansion, health care facilities, affordable housing, schools, nonprofits, and other economic development projects. Combined with a repeal of advance refunding bonds, this will absolutely impact our ability to attract investment to future projects like these, as well as our ability to create and retain jobs in these areas. These provisions are bad for California and our residents.’’ Vernon M. Billy, CEO and Executive Director, California School Boards Association: ‘‘We urge the California delegation to act on behalf of the taxpayers in California who would be hurt by the elimination of the SALT deduction, including the talented school employees who work in our schools educating and training students. Eliminating the deduction has the same impact as raising property, income and sales taxes in every congressional district in our state. By effectively raising property taxes, the deduction also makes local school bonds more expensive, complicating our efforts to build and repair schools and provide students with the resources needed for a highquality 21st century education.’’ Steve White, President, California Association of REALTORS: ‘‘The move by Congress to eliminate state and local tax deductions essentially levies a double tax on California, this and other attacks on real estate tax incentives removes the tax benefits for people to buy homes and raises taxes on hundreds of thousands of Californians. Homeownership has and continues to be the best way for families to grow wealth and increase the middle class. Congress should look at ways to incentivize and increase homeownership rates, not increase taxes on families wanting to buy a home. DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE , OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR , Sacramento, CA, November 9, 2017. CALIFORNIA CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION , Washington, DC. DEAR MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION : As the Governor’s chief fiscal advisor, I write to express the Administration’s significant concerns with several provisions currently contained in H.R. 1 measure now under consideration before the Ways and Means Committee. Removing the state and local tax (SALT) deductions while capping the property tax deduction at $10,000—Over 6 million California tax returns—one of every three—claim SALT deductions, including millions of middleincome households that may not benefit from the increased standard deduction. While allowing up to a $10,000 deduction on property taxes provides some offset, only onefourth of the state and local tax deduction consists of property taxes paid. The average deduction for state and local income taxes alone is nearly $16,000 per return, while state and local property taxes average less than $6,000 per return. Reducing the cap on the mortgage interest deduction to $500,000 ($250,000 single)—This change will increase the cost of homeownership for many middleclass Californians. Given the high cost of housing in the state, mortgages for many midlevel homes are significantly above these caps, particularly the $250,000 cap for single filers. More than 4 million California tax returns claim the mortgage interest deduction at an average of over $12,000 per return. 
Elimination of the interest exclusion for Private Activity Bonds (PABs)—This will remove an important tool used by the Low Income Housing Tax Credit program to construct affordable housing, which was used to fund nearly 20,000 affordable housing units in 2016. The state’s Infrastructure and Economic Development Bank (iBank) has issued Private Activity Bonds in support of museums, schools, performing arts centers, charitable organizations and research institutes throughout the state. Elimination of Private Activity Bonds would greatly increase borrowing costs for such borrowers resulting in the delay; downsizing or outright abandonment of these socially beneficial projects and the people and jobs who depend on them. Further, this would hurt California veterans by ending bond issuances that help around 1,000 veterans buy a home every year. This program has been around since at least World War II. It serves veterans that would not otherwise qualify for private financing, while maintaining foreclosure rates of less than 0.25 percent. Repeal of Casualty Loss Deduction—Last month’s devastating wildfires in northern California have alone caused billions of dollars in losses, with more than 10,000 homes damage and over 4,700 more destroyed. For this and other disasters to come, it is important to maintain the casualty loss deduction as a way of providing relief to the victims of casualty losses both large and small. The repeal of the casualty loss deduction starting in 2018 under H.R. 1 is an unnecessary step that will only compound the difficulty for the many thousands of Californians who either are or will be struggling to recover from devastating losses. Negative impacts on Education—Multiple provisions now in H.R. 1 negatively impact the cost of education for both students and educators, including the elimination of the student loan interest deduction, imposing a new tax on tuition waivers, elimination or reduction of various tax credits, and a new tax on net investment income of private colleges and universities if their endowments exceed $250,000 per fulltime student. In total, all of the changes to education provisions will raise taxes on Americans by over $60 billion over ten years, which indicates a negative impact on California of at least $7 billion. Unfavorable treatment of children and families—The new $300 Family Flexibility Credit for the tax filer, their spouse, and for nonchild dependents is temporary and expires in 2023. While it provides a tax benefit for many lowincome families in the first four years, its expiration leads to those same families having much smaller net tax cuts or overall tax increases in 2023 and beyond. In addition, unlike the current dependent exemptions it is intended to replace, there is no indexing of the Child Tax Credit, which leads to its positive impact eroding over time. Also, requiring a Social Security number for the refundable portion of the child tax credit punishes working undocumented immigrants in California who file their tax returns using a Taxpayer Identification Number. More than $3.4 billion in federal refundable child tax credits were claimed by Californians in 2015, and a portion of those would have been undocumented immigrants filing with a Taxpayer Identification Number Overall tax cuts for the wealthy—Lower tax rates on business income will disproportionately benefit higherincome individuals who are more likely to have income from limited liability companies, S corporations, or partnerships. Further, the repeal of the estate tax will disproportionately benefit the wealthy. The estate tax would be fully repealed for deaths after December 31, 2023 and there would be no change to the basis step up rule that currently revalues appreciated capital assets at market value at the time of death. As a result, wealthy people would be able to simply hold on to assets until they die, pass the assets on to their heirs, and all the increase in the value of the asset during the wealthy person’s life will not be taxed. Removing the tax on inherited wealth without also repealing the basis stepup rule leads to increasing inequality. The Joint Committee on Taxation analysis shows that for 2027, the highestincome Americans—less than threetenths of one percent of taxpayers—will realize almost onethird of the total benefits. Prioritizes corporations over individuals— The net benefits of H.R. 1 are weighted heavily towards corporations, with the significant cut in the corporate tax rate coupled with the removal of relatively few corporate tax breaks. Instead, many deductions and tax credits taken by lowerand middle income households are either reduced or eliminated. A November 3 Joint Committee on Taxation analysis indicates that more than half of the tax cut goes to corporations while about onethird goes to businesses that pass through income to individuals. Massive expansion of the deficit by at least $1.7 trillion over ten years—Deficitfinanced tax cuts are not likely to lead to significant growth effects because the negative economic effects of the debt would crowd out investment. Further, fiscal stimulus at this point in the business cycle—with the economy at full employment, corporate profit margins at alltime highs, and corporate cash balances at alltime highs—is unlikely to lead to significant growth above what would have occurred in the absence of these changes. If you need any additional information on any of these subjects, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, MICHAEL COHEN , Director. 
STATE OF CALIFORNIA , November 9, 2017. Re Tax Reform and the LowIncome Housing Tax Credit. Hon. GRACE NAPOLITANO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREP. NAPOLITANO : Last week you received a letter from me and other prominent signatories respectfully urging you to preserve the 4 percent LowIncome Housing Tax Credit (4 percent Housing Credit) and Private Activity Bond Program (Bond Program). The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, introduced in the House of Representatives on November 2, proposes the elimination of the Bond Program and the effective elimination of the 4 percent Housing Credit. I reiterate the vital role these programs play in building and preserving affordable housing throughout the nation, but especially in California where, as you know, we struggle with a housing crisis that is quickly metastasizing into a humanitarian and public health catastrophe. Today, the state’s housing shortage stands at one and a half million units and is growing by an alarming 60,000 units each year. The 4 percent Housing Credit and Bond Program are the large sources of funding for affordable housing in California, with $2.2 billion worth of 4 percent housing credits last year and more than $6 billion of private activity tax exempt bond funding for multifamily and singlefamily housing. Together, they created or preserved more than 20,000 affordable homes in 2016, nearly all of which were for lowincome households, including veterans, seniors, persons with disabilities, and persons experiencing homelessness. The purpose of this letter is to highlight the projects in your district that have received funding from these programs over the last four years. Attached is a spreadsheet with a list of the projects. Any projects listed in red have pending applications, and these projects could be brought to a halt by a sudden cessation of the programs. As the list of projects shows, this is not an abstract issue, or one that impacts only one region or a small number of Californians. It is broadbased and affects constituents like yours and those in congressional districts across the state. We all have seen the tangible benefits of these vital programs; now we must come together to save them. I know you will agree with me that we cannot allow even more Californians to be driven into homelessness. That is why I strongly urge you to reject the elimination of the Bond Program and the 4 percent Housing Credit. Sincerely, JOHNCHIANG , California State Treasurer. 
SANGABRIEL VALLEY  ECONOMIC PARTNERSHIP , Irwindale, CA, November 8, 2017. Re Concerns with the provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (H.R. 1). Hon. GRACE NAPOLITANO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSWOMAN NAPOLITANO : On be half of the San Gabriel Valley Economic Partnership, I wish to express concerns with several provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (H.R. 1). While the Partnership has long supported federal tax reform to encourage economic growth and provide tax relief for middleclass and working families, the elimination of several key deductions will have a negative effect here in the San Gabriel Valley. The elimination of the Private Activity Bonds (PABs) tax exemption will hit municipal governments and nonprofit organizations especially hard and would have ripple effects across the healthcare and housing sectors. Many nonprofit organizations rely on local governments as partners to issue PABs to obtain cheaper financing for a variety of endeavors like the construction of affordable housing, education programs, and elder care. Although recently state legislation will provide more funding for affordable housing, PABs are the finance backbone for these types of housing projects. PABs funded 20,000 affordable housing units in California last year; it is estimated the federal deduction alone is worth $2.2 billion in projects throughout the state. Were the exemption to be eliminated for PABs, the result would likely be a 15–20 percent reduction in the overall size of the U.S. municipal bond market. Additionally, the limitation of the state and local tax deduction (SALT) and the reduction in the mortgage interest deduction will hurt first time home buyers in the San Gabriel Valley as well as Californians in other expensive housing markets in the state, costing them several thousand dollars a year that they could have saved under the existing deductions. Onefifth of all American taxpayers claim the state and local tax deduction. Retaining this deduction is an important way to allow Americans to keep more of their income. The Partnership is supportive of revising the federal business tax code which has grown outdated and overly burdensome for American companies competing abroad. 
Lowering the corporate rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, allowing the repatriation of foreignmade profits, and removing incentives to locate offshore are all positive steps in improving the tax climate for American business. But these positive changes are too costly if the major deductions discussed above are eliminated to pay for these changes. We ask that you work with your colleagues in Congress to keep these deductions intact. Sincerely, JEFFALLRED , President & CEO. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this has been a big day. There are so many people who have suffered in this country, especially since the passing of ObamaCare. It is difficult to call it the Affordable Care Act. There is a small percentage that supposedly has done better. Usually, when my friends across the aisle and most of the media talk about how much better off Americans are under ObamaCare, they ignore the real results, and, instead, they point and say: There are so many people—millions of people now—who have insurance now that didn’t have it before. Well, the reason they could say that was because ObamaCare forced people to buy insurance. We went through this with some family members, helping them make the calculation: should they pay the penalty through additional income tax, or should they buy insurance that they will never, ever be able to use? On some occasions, you are better off paying the extra tax, which means the government wanted your money a lot worse—well, not worse than the individual—but the government has the power to steal from people and call it legal, and then it is legal. There was a massive amount of legalized stealing under ObamaCare that took place. This bill we passed today would end so much of the stealing from individuals that the government has been doing legally since ObamaCare passed. b1415 But, yes, there will be millions of people, I would suspect, that when we legally end the individual mandate, they are not going to continue to pay for insurance, huge amounts every month that they can’t afford—people making $25,000, $30,000, or so, who couldn’t afford to pay for health insurance who were required to do that. Do you want to pay higher income tax? Are you going to pay for health insurance that you are never going to be able to use? The premiums cost you more than you can afford, the deductible is so high. Clearly, you are young. You are never going to use it. The odds are 99.99 percent you will never use it. But the government forced them to pay more taxes or pay more for insurance they couldn’t use. The good news for those people is that now you will be able to—well, once this becomes the law, and it does need to pass the Senate. The Senate has a little different version, and there are a few things in the Senate version I like better than ours, but there are a lot of things in our bill that I like better than the Senate. If the Senate will go ahead and do their job like they did not do on repealing at least part of ObamaCare, they will do their job on this, the American people are going to benefit. We are going to see the economy take a big jolt forward and upward, more jobs coming to America. Nobody gets everything they want. I believe what the President really wanted was going to be best for the country. If we could hold to a 15 percent corporate tax, I wanted to see that across the board for S corporations, C corporations. But as the President knew— I know he knew because we talked about it more than once—that 15 percent would undercut the corporate tax that China has. If we undercut the corporate tax that China has, then it means we were going to be getting manufacturing jobs back to America. We have had so many manufacturing plants pick up and move to other places—mainly China, Mexico, other places. We need to be manufacturing here. I know there are those elitists who have been educated with degrees far beyond their intellectual capacity to absorb. They got the degrees, but they didn’t get the wisdom. And some have ventured to say: No, we don’t need to be a manufacturing country. We have evolved above being these lowly manufacturers. That is for developing countries, not a wonderful country like ours is. Obviously, they spent too much time in other places than studying history. This is something else I have talked about with the President—he knows it just from his business acumen; I know it from studying history—that any nation that is a powerful nation in the world that cannot manufacture the things that that country needs in a time of war will cease to be a great nation after the next war. And be assured, there will be wars. Jesus, the wisest to ever walk this planet, said there will always be wars and rumors of war. And that is true because this planet has evil: people who will do evil, countries that will do evil, people who get jealous when some other country has more freedom, more assets. And there is going to be evil in this world as long as this world exists. We saw that down in Sutherland Springs. Some lunatics—again, many of them educated well beyond their ability to be wise—had popped off and said, well, if prayer worked, those people would never have been shot in a church where they were praying and worshipping. As long as people are in this world, there is going to be evil—not that God wants evil to prevail. He doesn’t. He doesn’t want that any should stumble. But as a parent knows, you could force your child to say, ‘‘I love you’’ or to throw their little arms around your neck, hug you, and say, ‘‘I love you.’’ You could force them to do that. It doesn’t mean a whole lot. But when you give people the free will to choose to love you, to choose to follow your rules, it is overwhelming to a parent when a child freely chooses to do that. So we have freedom of choice. Some choose to do evil. Some want governments to be all powerful because, in their lack of wisdom, they think that the government needs to be in control of everything and everybody. The late Justice Scalia, who could make me laugh—he loved good jokes and stories like I do. There have been a lot of unpleasant memories, a lot of unpleasant fights, a lot of fights that I haven’t won, but I stood up for what I believed was right. When I would get around Justice Scalia, having lunch together or breakfast together, we would get to telling stories and jokes, and he was so clever. It was often hard to find a joke or a story he had not heard, but it was just fun to be around him. But in one of those, I think it was a lunch that time, he said: You know, back when I was working for the Attorney General—and I don’t remember which Attorney General it was back in the 1970s—he said: We had a weekly meeting, and one morning the Attorney General came in, and he said: Well, I was at a cocktail party last night, and for the first time I heard a definition that explained the difference between Democrats and Republicans. He said: I actually think it is pretty good. I think it is very descriptive. He said: What I learned was Democrats are people who want to control everybody and everything, and Republicans are people who don’t want them to. Well, I found that rather amusing. Actually, that is pretty accurate. Some people on the Republican side of the aisle go: Why don’t we plot and plan as well as the Democrats do? They are always trying to figure out how they get power, how they get over on this and that, and we just want people to live and let live. We want as little government as necessary to keep order but allow people to succeed with no ceiling, no limit. 
But to succeed, you also have to have the opportunity to fail, just like Edison did. In the hundreds of things he tried, finding a filament, the element that would heat up and not burn in two to make a light bulb, he knew it would work. Somebody asked him about all those failures, and he said, no, each time he tried something that didn’t work, it wasn’t a failure. He just learned that that is one less thing that might work. But Fisher, who came up with the space pen—I love those space pens. The email still goes around that says that Americans spent $4 million to develop a pen that would work in outer space, government money. Russians just use pencils. Not a dime of government money was used. With an intellect like Fisher, he knew there had to be a way that you could develop a pen that would write in gravity and with no gravity, underwater, above the air—or above the Earth’s atmosphere, so he came up with it. But he knew he was going to have to pressurize a pen, and this is such a cartridge. So he sealed it, put about 30 pounds of pressure. But the trick was finding an ink that didn’t explode out when you put 30 pounds of pressure on it or that was not so thick that it wouldn’t work when you tried to write. Eventually, he was able to do that. Lots of failures, but you have got to allow people a chance to fail if they are going to have a chance to succeed. If the government puts its thumb on the scales, it is not real success, it is not real failure, and, eventually, those cards are going to come falling down. Well, what we have done today with our tax bill, it is a huge step because I know, Mr. Speaker, most folks here are well aware, it is hard to get a majority agreement on much of anything, but we did today. We had a significant majority that agreed. It isn’t perfect. Nothing any human ever does will be, but it moves the ball down the road. One of the things I love about my friend from Texas, KEVIN BRADY , is I would hear from people back home— and talk to KEVIN. He is open to talking not just to Texans. He will talk to everybody. And I found that with so many members on the Ways and Means Committee. My friend DAVID SCHWEIKERT was always available to answer questions, and he was doing his homework thoroughly. One of the things that has deeply troubled many Americans, and especially seniors, either seniors in poor health or younger Americans who had severe health problems, is, in the ObamaCare bill that was so unaffordable, it changed the deductibility of medical expenses. Before, it was, if you had medical expenses, you had a really bad time of it, then our hearts go out to you and we want your life to be a little easier when you are going through so much difficulty with bad health, so the deductibles were any medical expense over 5 percent of your adjusted gross income. In order to come up with the billions and billions of dollars that ObamaCare, I would submit, wasted, they had to cut out some of the deductions like that, so they ended up raising the threshold from 5 percent to 71⁄2, 10 percent. So it has been 10 percent. You had to have more than 10 percent of your adjusted gross income in order to deduct it, but we still had a lot of, especially, seniors who had more than that. I had accountants from home send me information about seniors, particularly seniors who had been paying a great deal of medical expense because, no, Medicare didn’t take care of them. And of course we know AARP jumped on the bandwagon for ObamaCare—not because it was going to be good for the seniors. In fact, it was extremely violent to the finances of seniors and to their health, as well. But AARP was more interested in the massive amount of money they could add to their coffers, even though they are considered a nonprofit. So they jumped on board, and, of course, companies that sold other policies had to pay a 2 percent tax on each policy. AARP got the sweetheart deal. Their policy they embraced didn’t have to pay the 2 percent tax. And I haven’t seen the provision, but I am told there was a provision that exempted their executive so they didn’t have the normal cap on their executive income. So the people at the top of AARP, they did great. Seniors really got harmed, losing $716 billion in cuts to Medicare. But for all those seniors who got harmed, couldn’t get the surgery, couldn’t get the medical help they need, just keep in mind, AARP was able to sell a lot more policies and make a lot more money even though it did a lot of harm to some seniors. Just remember, AARP came out great out of that. But nonetheless, for those of us who were very sympathetic to seniors having hundreds of billions of dollars cut from Medicare, they heard the President say: Now, this isn’t going to affect you seniors at all. It is only going to cut some of the profits from healthcare providers—basically, what was said. But many of my seniors in east Texas figured out: Wait a minute. If you are not going to pay the healthcare provider for my medicine, for my surgery, for what I need, then I am not going to be able to get the procedure, the surgery, the healthcare that I need if it is not going to be paid for. So I have had many seniors talk to me about surgeries being delayed or that they couldn’t get the same thing they had before ObamaCare passed. b1430 So we haven’t repealed ObamaCare, but in this bill, we repealed the ObamaCare mandate, the individual mandate. That means that some people who were forced to pay a higher income tax—they didn’t get one of these ridiculous insurance policies—they are going to have that much money in their own pocket. If they were paying for a policy that they knew was never going to help them out, they won’t have to buy that. And, of course, the Democrats, for all the Main Street media, will say, ‘‘Oh, look at how many people don’t have insurance,’’ when the truth is so many of those people chose not to buy insurance because they knew it was a terrible deal. I still want to see a reform of healthcare, a real reform of healthcare, but that would mean getting away from either insurance companies or the government being between us and our doctors, our healthcare providers. The way you do that is that you make it so attractive to put money in your own health savings account—and I expect us to pass something to make it much easier and much more attractive. It is not in this bill. This was a tax bill—but I am still hopeful that we are going to do a reform of healthcare and repeal, at least most of ObamaCare. I had that hope. And I hoped that today was a start, not only toward getting tax reform and getting tax relief for Americans and seeing the economy get going again, but also put back in motion true repeal of ObamaCare and getting healthcare laws in place that will be good for Americans. But how can you have competitive prices in healthcare if nobody knows what these procedures or medicines cost? You see, you get a notice from the healthcare provider—your insurance company—that something costs $12,000, but you don’t know that the insurance company satisfied that $12,000 payment demand with an $800 or $900 payment. But if you knew that if you were paying cash out of your health savings account, a $12,000 procedure would only cost $800, you wouldn’t be so big on paying $2,000 a month to a health insurance company. And these health insurance companies still don’t see that, under ObamaCare, their days are numbered. It was designed to fail. And America gets so mad at health insurance companies because it was built into ObamaCare. Not only were they going to have record profits, like some of them did last year, but they were going to get bailouts on top of their record profits. It was going to make America so mad at the insurance companies that even conservatives would say: Well, I never thought I would say this, but anything has to be better than what we have with these insurance companies. Why don’t we have the government just take over everything? Then, voila, we then have VA healthcare for all Americans, except much worst than the VA provides, because everybody is forced to be in it. I was amazed, as an exchange student in the Soviet Union, to see the type of medical care that was in the Soviet Union in the seventies. I just thanked 
God that we didn’t have that kind of socialized medicine, and we were so much more advanced. But it was clear that physicians, back in the Soviet Union in the seventies—I am sure there were some that were really dedicated, but, for most, it was an 8to4, 9to5type job—the fewer people they could see, the better they liked it. But that meant a lot of people waited in long lines, didn’t get seen, had to come back and come back, and they didn’t get the procedures that they needed. Or, like in Canada, a fellow, named Tyler, told me that his dad died of a heart attack after he had been on the list to get bypass surgery for 2 years. I said: Two years? It really took that long? He said: Well, they kept moving people in front of him. I said: Well, now wait a minute. I understand it is a crime to pay or do anything to get yourself moved up the list. He said: Oh, yeah, that is the way I understand it, too. But we had a board that would pick and choose among the American citizens who would go in front, and they kept putting people in front of my dad, who finally had the heart attack and died because the board kept putting people in front of him. That goes back to what Sarah Palin said. She called it a death panel. She was speaking with hyperbole, but the truth is—whether you want to call it a death panel or not—they were making decisions over who would get what; that would mean they lived or died in some occasions, or it meant whether they were going to live in pain or live in comfort. These were government boards making these decisions, just like they used to do in the Soviet Union before it fell. So I see this tax bill today as not only a step in the right direction to get people more money in their own pockets they can use to make the economy grow, but I see it also as a step in the right direction toward reforming healthcare again because we eliminate the individual mandate. I still would like to see these further reforms, like I am talking about. I put in a bill, I filed years ago, that healthcare providers would have to post, at least at their facility, but certainly online, if they were online—and now it ought to be a requirement—post exactly what you charge an individual paying cash, an individual with Blue Cross, or Aetna, or whatever it is. Let people know exactly what things cost. Don’t send a $15,000 bill for going into the hospital that you know you are going to accept $1,000 as payment in full from an insurance company. If you are going to accept $1,000 for a $15,000 bill, then say it costs $1,000. If we could require everybody to post exactly what things cost, they wouldn’t be in such an allfired hurry to make sure that they had insurance, other than catastrophic, really catastrophic insurance. Because instead of paying $2,000 a month to an insurance company—$24,000 a year—well, they would be better off paying $1,500 as payment in full for $15,000 in charges. We still have a good ways to go, but you don’t get anywhere until you take that first step, and today was a giant step, in my opinion. I didn’t realize, until I saw this notice from the Farm Bureau, but the headline says: ‘‘House Poised to Take up Farm BureauSupported Tax Bill.’’ It was good to see that. Another article from Heritage Action: ‘‘House tax plan propels reform forward.’’ FOX News has an article, by Newt Gingrich: ‘‘House and Senate tax plans have more in common than you think.’’ That makes some excellent points. It is good news all the way around. It is a step in the right direction. I am hopeful that some of the things we disagree on, we are going to be able to work out with the Senate. One of those things, like I mentioned, the Senate, as I understand it, their bill currently has an allowance for deductions of medical expense beyond 10 percent. Hopefully, we can eventually do better than that and get it back from where ObamaCare put it, maybe back to 5 percent, at some point. But we have seniors on fixed incomes, and Medicare doesn’t cover what they are needing in the way of healthcare, and they are being overwhelmed by medical expense. Once again, I think if we can get some reforms in—it doesn’t have to be a total reform of healthcare, but just get some things in there—even if we can’t get the total repeal because of the Senate’s recalcitrance, at least let’s get some reforms to get people the help they need. I would also like to address the issue of the Roy Moore allegations. Having prosecuted sexual assault crimes, I have even been forced against my will—but you get an order, and you follow the order to defend sexual assault crimes—in one case finding that a trumpedup case against my African American client was totally bogus, trumpedup, and we were able to prove irrefutably as such. But sexual assault allegations are a very dangerous thing. We have in America what we call statute of limitations on most crimes. The reason we have statute of limitations on most crimes is because if you are going to be accused of something, it needs to be made in a timely manner, so that if you are going to accuse somebody of committing a crime, they have a chance to find witnesses. One of the very reasons that there are statutes of limitations on crimes like sexual assault is that if you wait 38 years to accuse somebody of a sexual assault, it is almost impossible to prove exactly where you were. And I have heard some people in the Senate say: Oh, well, there are just so much specifics coming out that it just seems irrefutable. Well, usually people’s memories wane over the period of three to four decades on times and exact places. And I know, from my days as a judge, sent many rapists and sexual assaulters to prison for many years, including life, I was particularly hard on people who committed sexual assault crimes because they violate so much more than just a physical violation. It is an abominable crime. But we have limitations. So if somebody makes an allegation against you that you did such and such at 2 in the afternoon on such and such afternoon, and it was at this particular location, and these people were not around, I mean, if you put a bunch of specifics in there, within a year, then the individual being charged can go back to his calendar, or her calendar, and see: Okay, on that day, oh, I wasn’t even in that city, I was over here in this city, I was in court across town, I was not even where that happened. So I can bring in and show—not just raise a reasonable doubt—but show absolutely for sure that never happened. That is why we have limitations. I would just encourage people that when they hear alleged factual allegations that occurred decades previously, no matter how many specifics are thrown in, reserve judgment, and give it a chance to get all of the facts in. That is why, in every single case I have tried as a judge—and there were thousands of felony cases that came before my court—but in every single case I tried, after the prosecution finished, I then turned to the defense for their chance to submit evidence. It is why, after every witness testified for the prosecution, I turned to the defense attorney and gave them a chance to cross examine. And there were times I heard charges that, in my mind, were so outrageous, but I knew we have a system in place to protect innocent people from spurious allegations, and we have to go through the process, including an appeal, after the trial. And I have reviewed many appeals as an appellate chief justice. You have got to let the process play out. And any time somebody comes running in and wants somebody tried in the court of public opinion, and they are only going to give them 3 or 4 weeks, then immediately that should be suspect. Not that it can’t be proved out as true, but it should immediately be suspect because these people tried to game the system. They didn’t want to give enough time for the ones allegedly committing an offense to prepare a defense. b1445 They didn’t want to give adequate time to investigate, even after 38 years. How do you go back 38 years later and say: Gee, where was I? I don’t have a calendar that goes back that far. I don’t know if I was in town, if I was out of the country. I don’t know where I was. Gee, it seems like around that 
time. Maybe I was here or there. I don’t know. The odds of being able to mount a proper defense three or four decades after something allegedly happened is just almost impossible. So all you can do to defend yourself— and I am speaking hypothetically. If somebody, hypothetically, made outrageous allegations against you, and, you know, I know I never did that, how do I prove it? Well, you are not going to be able to find witnesses to say where you were at that specific moment in time because you don’t even remember where you were. How will you find a witness that will back you up? And if you do find a witness who can say, ‘‘Oh, I remember that very second,’’ 38 years later, ‘‘this is where he was,’’ then that witness becomes suspect because you just don’t remember like that. So I hope, Mr. Speaker, that people will allow an election to go forward with the parties the people have chosen and give time for all the facts to come out. I like Roy Moore, and I appreciate the man of faith that he is. I think the election needs to go forward just as it is. I think we should not intervene in Congress, and we should let the people of Alabama decide, based on proven facts, not on some lastminute attack. We should give time for all of the facts to come out, not just the facts that have been set up over the last several months, in all likelihood, in preparation for being able to blindside a candidate, so you have all the facts and you can keep slipping stuff out day after day; because it could very well end up just like Ted Stevens’ case, where at least one FBI agent and a prosecutor created a case that not only had reasonable doubt about it, but it was absolutely false. Senator Ted Stevens was not the most lovable guy. He was kind of a crotchety guy when I was around him. It wasn’t very often. They accused him of not filing notice about a hundreds ofthousandsofdollars gift improvement onto a home he had. The FBI—at least some in the FBI, as was borne out by the affidavit by an FBI officer who actually had a conscience, not like his superior FBI agent lead investigator. They fabricated evidence. They hid evidence. The evidence that they had gotten when they served warrants, went to his home, took every piece of paper, every bank record, everything he had, computers, all this, raided the bank, got all their information, got any notes and things, he didn’t have the evidence to defend himself because the FBI got it all. A guy named Robert Mueller was the head of the FBI. This was probably the biggest case that went through the FBI while he was Director, at least one of them. He saw to it that the FBI agent that blew the whistle and pointed out that they have evidence that shows that Ted Stevens not only did not get a free hundredsofthousandsofdollars, $600,000, $700,000addition to his house, that he paid hundreds of thousands of dollars more than that. Apparently, there was some communication between the contractor and Senator Stevens saying: You are overpaying. Quit overpaying. Senator Stevens said: No. No. I am strongwilled in the Senate, so I have always got people looking to try to make something up, so I have to overpay. The man overpaid. The FBI, under Mueller, fabricated a case. They tried it the week before the election, and there was a reason for that. They tried it the week before the election. They got a conviction. He lost the election, I think it was by 1,200 votes or so. After he had lost the election, there was no way to rewind that clock. He was out of the Senate. The Democrats got the seat. They sure didn’t care that they won the seat based on a lie, a fraudulent case brought by the U.S. Government. They didn’t care. They were glad to have the seat. It is kind of like Senator Harry Reid said after he made false accusations against Mitt Romney that he hadn’t paid any taxes, and when he was asked about it later after Mr. Romney lost the election, his response was basically: Well, it worked, didn’t it? He had no remorse for destroying a man’s reputation falsely without any evidence or with manufactured evidence, lies. No remorse, just: It worked, because we got the seat. And I have a feeling that, when the smoke clears and we find all of the evidence that is left after 38 years, we are going to find that there was a problem not as much with Roy Moore as there was with the accusers, but we need to wait and see. Nobody needs to be rushed to trial. We have a system of government that prevents somebody from being punished by the government, but the fact is the government is being used to try to punish Roy Moore. Let’s say, hypothetically, you were an establishment leader in the Senate and you have been pushing for amnesty. You didn’t want illegal immigration stopped, because there are donors that give a lot of money that want illegal immigration to continue. You wanted amnesty, and you know in the Attorney General’s Office you have a guy there, regardless of things you disagree on, who has really cracked down on illegal immigration. You know you have got a guy that just won the primary in a State, and you spent tens of millions of dollars trying to destroy the guy in the primary and it didn’t work. He won. So it looks like he is about to win the election, the general election, even though you are in his same party. I am just thinking hypothetically. Certainly none of this would be true, surely, but, wow, what a great deal if somebody made accusations, true or not true, against the guy that you tried to destroy with millions of dollars, that, you know, if he is elected, he is going to come in. He is not going to be your best friend because you called him everything in the book; you tried to destroy him. So, wow, even though he is in your own party, maybe you would be better off if you had a Democrat you feel like you could work with that was more establishment than the guy that you tried to destroy, that, if he would have gotten along with you—probably not now because you went after him so strongly—what if you could have that guy taken out with allegations, whether true or not, and then you could kill a number of birds. You know that Steve Bannon has said he is going to war after you. Wow. And Bannon went all in to support this guy in his primary and this election, so if his candidate gets destroyed, you have just destroyed his ability to raise money. And then on top of that, if you could talk the unsuspecting President into talking his Attorney General into leaving that post to try to go to the Senate, wow, you get rid of the guy that has gotten tough on illegal immigration, you get rid of the guy that has been raising money and going against the establishment, and you get rid of the guy that you tried to destroy with tens of millions of dollars even though he was in your own party—I am just saying, hypothetically. Maybe it would make for a good fiction novel someday, and maybe there is somebody out there writing that novel, but I am just saying, what if. Wow. What a novel piece of fiction that might be some day. Maybe we would see it in a movie someday. Maybe the Senator would even be from the South. I also know, having been a district judge, I signed everything original. I know there are some judges that don’t sign their orders; they just let somebody stamp. I made clear the day I became a district judge that nobody is stamping my signature on anything; if it is a stamp, it is going to be clear that it is a stamp, that anything that has got to be originally signed, I am going to sign it. Now, as I understand it, Judge Moore signed things originally, but on other things, on copies—we would put a stamped signature and note that it was a copy. But his, they either stamped or his assistant wrote his signature, and because the assistant’s name had initials D.A., put ‘‘D.A.’’ out beside his name to denote that he didn’t originally sign this. This was the assistant on his behalf. So litigants would normally get a copy and not the original, of course, unless you make multiple originals. I wondered when I saw in the yearbook the picture of the signature, I thought: DA? I didn’t think he was ever a DA. Well, he wasn’t. He was assistant DA. He was a district judge. He was a chief 
justice of the supreme court there in Alabama. He was never the DA. It is interesting, if someone believed that a guy molested their minor daughter and that person later had a divorce pending in that guy’s court, I know I would certainly ask for a different court. There is no way I would let a judge who molested my child have any jurisdiction over my divorce. If I had never brought out about the alleged molestation before, I would certainly do it then. People would need to know that the judge in that court, and particularly the judge on my divorce, was a child molester. They would need to know. If you don’t let people know at that point, you are basically an accomplice. You are allowing this assaulter out there to continue whatever he may be doing to others. You need to come forward and report it. It is not a crime not to report it, but it needs to be reported, and certainly if that person goes on the bench. It must have been quite a realization for Judge Moore when he saw that ‘‘D.A.’’ and realized: Somebody has forged what they thought was my signature, when it was really my assistant, and that is why the assistant put ‘‘D.A.’’ out there, to denote that I didn’t sign that. Wow. That must have been quite a feeling for the judge. There is a story from Joel Pollak on November 16, ‘‘Gloria Allred’s Blunder on Roy Moore’s Yearbook Challenge,’’ that talks about that. There is another story by John Nolte, also November 16, ‘‘Journalist Leann Tweeden Accuses Senator Al Franken of Fondling, Kissing Her Without Consent.’’ I don’t know where that is going to lead. I don’t know whether the same people will demand his ouster or not. Maybe we need to wait and see if the photograph is forged or if it was photoshopped, something like that. b1500 There is just so much going on, but the bottom line is, today, we have taken a big step toward making America great again. It is not the 15 percent tax I had hoped it would be. In fact, people have got to understand that my friend, Steve Moore, who used to be the senior economics editor for The Wall Street Journal, helped President Trump as an economic adviser. Steve told me a number of times that he likes my definition of corporate tax better than any. But my definition describes what a corporate tax really is, especially the U.S. corporate tax: 35 percent. It is the largest tariff any modern country has ever put on its own goods or services, because, let’s face it, when we put a corporate tax on a company, and 35 percent, they are going to have to put that on their products. If they don’t collect that tax on top of the cost of the product, they are going to go out of business. That has got to be added to the cost of the goods or services. When you look at all the businesses and all the huge manufacturing plants in America that have closed down, and you look at what they were doing before they closed down and you deduct that 35 percent corporate tax or, I would submit, tariff, they could have been selling their product competitively not just in America, but probably in places all over the world. Instead of having to close their doors, they could have kept producing and expanding, but for that huge tariff that was put on their own goods. Most countries are smart enough not to put a tariff on what their own companies make before they ship them out. But we have been doing that. So why have we been doing that? Because it was a great way, people in Congress thought, to raise revenue. You tell people this mean, evil corporation was paying this tax. We really put it over on this corporation. We made them pay all this tax. No. What you did was add 35 percent to the cost of their products that they had to figure in somehow to cover that, in addition to what it cost to manufacture; and you have made them noncompetitive, here or abroad, and that is why they had to close. That is why I love the idea of either eliminating the tariff or at least getting it down to 15 percent so we undercut the 17 or so percent that China has. If we undercut their tariff on their own goods, goods produced in China, then those manufacturers are coming back. I have been amazed that reporters have asked, when I would talk about this publicly: But how are you going to make up for all of that lost income? They didn’t understand, yeah, you are not collecting it as corporate tax, but now you are collecting directly from the people. So it is not a hidden, insidious tax. There are more jobs, and they are paying more money, and the economy is growing and hiring more people. There are more jobs, more income, and more income tax, and it is better for everybody. But the forces of greed around this country and around this town like to try to convince people they are really sticking it to somebody else, when the truth is that the individuals are going to end up paying it, wherever it is, or the company is not going to stay in business. I would rather them stay in business, add jobs, and give raises. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FASO). The gentleman from Texas has 10 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. So in the last 10 minutes I have here, this will be the last session before Thanksgiving Day. I am greatly disturbed that we have so many young people in America who can’t explain what Thanksgiving Day is, why it was originally started, who thanks was given to. Many thought it was to the Indians, but it was not. This is a declaration, May 2, 1778, to troops at Valley Forge: ‘‘The Commander in Chief directs that divine service be performed ever Sunday at 11 o’clock in those brigade to which there are chaplains—those which have none to attend the places of worship nearest to them. It is expected that officers of all ranks will, by their attendance, set an example to their men. ‘‘While we are zealously performing the duties of good citizens and soldiers, we certainly ought not to be inattentive to the higher duties of religion. To the distinguished character of patriot, it should be our highest glory to laud the more distinguished character of Muslim’’—I am sorry. It says, ‘‘Christian.’’ George Washington said that the highest glory of a patriot soldier would be the more distinguished character of a Christian. It was an order he gave. So I know people are saying this is totally appropriate now, and they wonder why evil seems to keep growing in America. But as we look where we came from and we look at what prior leaders did to defeat the forces of evil that are here in this world—and will be as long as it is here in this form—it seems like there is a correlation between when the country is praying to God and asking for his protection and blessing, and when evil seems to be growing. Thomas Jefferson, in 1781, noted, and it is engraved in his memorial: ‘‘The God who gave us life gave us liberty. Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are the gift of God, that they are not to be violated but with his wrath? ‘‘Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just, that His justice cannot sleep forever.’’ That is Thomas Jefferson. John Quincy Adams, on September 26, 1810, wrote a letter to his son, the U.S. Minister at Saint Petersburg: ‘‘So great is my veneration for the Bible, and so strong my belief that, when duly read and meditated on, it is of all books in the world that which contributes most to make men good, wise, and happy.’’ Former President nominated Supreme Court by James Madison, and this on March 30, 1863, by Abraham Lincoln, a great Republican. Lincoln said: ‘‘It is the duty of nations, as well as of men, to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God to confess their sins and transgressions in humble sorrow, yet with assured hope that genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon, and to recognize the sublime truth announced in the Holy Scriptures and proven by all history, that those nations are only blessed whose God is the Lord.’’ This is Lincoln’s written word: ‘‘We have forgotten God. We have forgotten the gracious hand which preserved us in peace and multiplied and enriched and strengthened us. And we have vainly imagined, in the deceitfulness of our hearts, that all these blessings were 
produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own. Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too selfsufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to God that made us. ‘‘It behooves us, then, to humble ourselves before the offended power, to confess our national sins, and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.’’ That was a national proclamation by Abraham Lincoln. Thank God that a majority of Americans participated in that and prayed to God. In his second inaugural, he is talking about North and South. It is inscribed on the inside north wall of the Lincoln Memorial. About half to twothirds of the way through there, in the middle, he is talking about North and South. He said: ‘‘Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God. The prayers of both could not be answered. That of neither has been answered fully. The Almighty has His own purposes. ‘Woe unto the world because of offenses. . . .’ Yet, if God wills that it continue until all the wealth piled by the bondsman’s 250 years of unrequited toil shall be sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said 3,000 years ago, so still it must be said ‘the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.’’’ I want to finish with this from John F. Kennedy. He was talking at the lighting of the Christmas tree; but at a time of Thanksgiving, it is certainly appropriate. He said: ‘‘With the lighting of this tree, which is an old ceremony in Washington and one which has been among the most important responsibilities of a good many Presidents of the United States, we initiate, in a formal way, the Christmas season. We mark the festival of Christmas, which is the most sacred and hopeful day in our civilization. ‘‘For nearly 2,000 years, the message of Christmas, the message of peace and good will towards all men, has been the guiding star of our endeavors. ‘‘This morning, I had a meeting at the White House, which included some of our representatives from faroff countries in Africa and Asia. They were returning to their posts for the Christmas holidays. Talking with them, I was struck by the fact that, in the faroff continents, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, as well as Christians, pause from their labors on the 25th day of December to celebrate the birthday of the Prince of Peace. ‘‘There could be no more striking proof that Christmas is truly the universal holiday of men. It is the day when all of us dedicate our thoughts to others; when all are reminded that mercy and compassion are the enduring virtues; when all show, by small deeds and large, and by acts, that it is more blessed to give than to receive. It is the day when we remind ourselves that man can and must live in peace with his neighbors, and it is the peacemakers who are truly blessed. ‘‘In this year of 1962, we greet each other at Christmas with some special sense of blessing of the peace.’’ Mr. Speaker, this period of Thanksgiving that we will have in the next week will, hopefully, be a time when we will come back together more as a nation; when we will bind our hearts in prayer and Thanksgiving and ask for God’s protection, as our greatest Presidents did. And I know those prayers will be answered. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward a sitting Senator. 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agrees to the report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2810) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 15, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 1679. To ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, November 17, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2907. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop and publish an alloftheabove quadrennial Federal onshore energy production strategy to meet domestic energy needs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–413). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2706. A bill to provide requirements for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–414). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4182. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–415). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. BERA, and Mr. D OGGETT ): H.R. 4416. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to remove barriers for students seeking Federal financial aid by reducing the complexity and length of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and increasing support for working students and vulnerable populations; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 4417. A bill to amend the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4418. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for a demonstration program to facilitate the clinical adoption of pregnancy intention screening initiatives by health care providers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself and Mr. REICHERT ): H.R. 4419. A bill to facilitate and streamline the Bureau of Reclamation and Bureau of Indian Affairs processes for creating or expanding certain water projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. NORTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. HOYER , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. DELANEY , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): H.R. 4420. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to address critical conservation conditions under the regional conservation partnership program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. S MUCKER ): H.R. 4421. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, with respect to vehicle weight limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 4422. A bill to amend section 1951 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the Hobbs Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. RATCLIFFE , and Mr. H ENSARLING ): H.R. 4423. A bill to limit claims under Federal law seeking judicial review of any environmental impact statement, environmental review, or authorization for the Lower Bois d’Arc Creek Reservoir Project in Fannin County, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUM (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , and Mr. CRIST): H.R. 4424. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exclusion from gross income for interest on certain small business loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4425. A bill to reform the safety net for farmers and ranchers, enhance soil, water, and habitat conservation, encourage beginning farmers and ranchers, strengthen nutrition for Americans, support agriculture research and innovation, reduce food waste, improve animal welfare, and invest in regional food systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S OTO, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. POLIS, and Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD ): H.R. 4426. A bill to reform Federal onshore and offshore fossil fuel leasing, exploration, and development; promote renewable energy on public lands; prepare for the impacts of climate change; increase industry accountability; improve returns to taxpayers for the development of Federal energy resources; and protect special places, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia): H.R. 4427. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the diversity immigrant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself and Mr. BYRNE ): H.R. 4428. A bill to amend the War Powers Resolution to transfer to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives the responsibilities assigned under such Resolution to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BERGMAN (for himself, Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. UPTON ): H.R. 4429. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reissue a rule relating to extension of the expiration dates for double crested cormorant depredation orders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 4430. A bill to provide temporary direct hire authority for certain emergency response positions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself, Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. MEADOWS , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. G OMEZ , and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 4431. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest payments by agencies in the case of administrative error in processing certain annuity deposits for prior military service; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 4432. A bill to amend section 1018 of the Residential LeadBased Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 to make violators of such section liable to residents and invitees of target housing for such violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CORREA (for himself and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 4433. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to achieve security of sensitive assets among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CUELLAR (for himself, Mr. CULBERSON , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. AGUILAR ): H.R. 4434. A bill to enforce current law regarding the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. KATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. KILDEE ): 
H.R. 4435. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award Early College Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 4436. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating Caguana Indigenous Ceremonial Park and Tibes Indigenous Ceremonial Center, as units of the National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. WALZ, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. BABIN, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mrs. HARTZLER , and Ms. M CSALLY ): H.R. 4437. A bill to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the payment of back pay and allowances to certain members of the Armed Forces who are guilty of desertion and to use the amount of any such unpaid pay and allowances to provide additional compensation to other members of the Armed Forces who were killed or wounded during missions to search for the missing members; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C RIST, Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. BABIN): H.R. 4438. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to waive a prohibition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. C UELLAR ): H.R. 4439. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes, the Bank Service Company Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and the Home Owners’ Loan Act to clarify that the role of the insured depository institution as lender and the location of an insured depository institution under applicable law are not affected by any contract between the institution and a third party service provider, and to clarify that Federal preemption of State usury laws applies to any loan to which an insured depository institution is the party to which the debt is initially owed according to its terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4440. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to retain and redistribute certain amounts collected as fines; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4441. A bill to amend the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to prohibit certain waivers and exemptions from emergency preparedness and response and security regulations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4442. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts for the storage of certain highlevel radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, take title to certain highlevel radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, and make certain expenditures from the Nuclear Waste Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. C OLE, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. ESHOO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 4443. A bill to extend the full Federal medical assistance percentage to Urban Indian organizations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Ms. FUDGE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ELA, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. NORTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. LYNCH , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 4444. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund, to establish a Pension Rehabilitation Administration within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 4445. A bill to require air carriers to create and make available a concise document regarding air passenger rights; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 4446. A bill to amend the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself and Mr. RATCLIFFE ): H.R. 4447. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 4448. A bill to provide for an exchange of Federal land and nonFederal land in the State of Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 4449. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. JONES , Mr. C OOK, and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 4450. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide additional educational assistance under the Post9/11 GI Bill for veterans pursuing a degree in science, technology, engineering, or math; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Ms. BROWNLEY of California): H.R. 4451. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a fiveyear extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. BUDD, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mrs. NOEM, Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. MARCHANT , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. BABIN): H.J. Res. 121. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to parental rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. NORTON): H. Res. 625. A resolution supporting the goals, activities, and ideals of Prematurity Awareness Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H. Res. 626. A resolution commending Turkish Americans nationwide for their rich contributions to the diversity of society, culture, economy, and civic life in the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. KIND, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. WELCH ): H. Res. 627. A resolution recognizing that access to hospitals and other health care providers for patients in rural areas of the United States is essential to the survival and success of communities in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. MCEACHIN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 628. A resolution recognizing the Transgender Day of Remembrance; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG: H. Res. 629. A resolution recognizing November 19, 2017 as ‘‘A Day in Honor of Women Entrepreneurs’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 4416. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States...’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4417. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4418. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Mr. H IMES, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. CLYBURN . H.R. 158: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 216: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 233: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 377: Mr. TAYLOR . H.R. 398: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 525: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 547: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 548: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 619: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 620: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 846: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 947: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 993: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1120: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1153: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 1155: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1164: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1178: Mr. JONES , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 1192: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 1246: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 1328: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 1357: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1377: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1444: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 1472: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 1474: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 1496: Mr. MCCARTHY . H.R. 1498: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 1515: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 1676: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1681: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 1889: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 1903: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1912: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1957: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 1987: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 2095: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 2119: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 2147: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 2152: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. BUCK, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. C HABOT , and Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 2234: Mr. YARMUTH and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 2259: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2315: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. BLUM, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 2412: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2452: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 2475: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. AGUILAR , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 2477: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2482: Mr. KING of Iowa and Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 2514: Mr. BARR, Mr. K EATING , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2575: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. O’HALLERAN , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2633: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 2644: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2653: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2687: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 2709: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2740: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. KILDEE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. SIRES, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. T HOMP SON of Mississippi, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 2926: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2938: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 2942: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2972: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2973: Mr. BABIN and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 3034: Mr. KATKO and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3079: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 3174: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 3222: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 3238: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3299: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 3302: Mr. VISCLOSKY and Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 3316: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 3327: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 3349: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3397: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3401: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3444: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 3447: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 3464: Mr. EVANS , Ms. C LARK of Massa chusetts, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 3497: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3510: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3513: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3530: Mr. TONKO and Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3541: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 3550: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3635: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 3637: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3692: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 3759: Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. H ECK, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. MULLIN , and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 3760: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3773: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3790: Mr. BUDDand Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3792: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. FASO. H.R. 3798: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 3848: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 3871: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 3906: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 3918: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 3978: Mr. NORMAN and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 3988: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 3994: Mr. WELCH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 4007: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 4013: Mr. SABLAN and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 4022: Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. TROTT , and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4058: Mr. NUNES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. KIND, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. PALAZZO , and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 4059: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 4077: Mr. REED, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 4082: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 4099: Mr. POLIS, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 4101: Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. WALBERG , Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 4131: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4172: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4186: Mr. PALLONE and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 4202: Ms. TITUS and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4207: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4222: Mr. POLIS, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 4237: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 4253: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4254: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 4258: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 4272: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 4274: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DAVIDSON , and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 4279: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4306: Ms. BORDALLO and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 4311: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 4320: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4321: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4327: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4340: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 4384: Mr. CONYERS and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 4392: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4398: Mr. NADLER , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 4413: Mr. NORMAN . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. MASTand Mr. A RRINGTON . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. GALLEGO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. CRIST, and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.J. Res. 120: Mr. EVANS . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. ROYCE of California and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Con. Res. 91: Mr. COHEN . H. Res. 58: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H. Res. 367: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Res. 428: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H. Res. 466: Mr. WALBERG , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 495: Mr. MOULTON . H. Res. 570: Mr. HOLDING . H. Res. 576: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H. Res. 603: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. G RAVES of Mis souri, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. GABBARD , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. POCAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C LAY, and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H. Res. 604: Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. F ASO, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. S IMPSON . H. Res. 614: Mr. POEof Texas. H. Res. 620: Mr. ENGEL . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7269 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2017 No. 188 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable LUTHER STRANGE , a Senator from the State of Alabama. 
PRAYER The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s opening prayer will be offered by Rev. Adrian Brooks, senior pastor at Memorial Baptist Church in Evansville, IN. The guest Chaplain offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, we first thank You for another day of life. We thank You for another chance to bring joy and opportunity to someone else’s journey. Lord, guide these public servants within the United States Senate. Please lead them as they lead us to a better and more peaceful landscape. Create, O God, within all of us, the zeal to make our communities around this country more stable. Remove from us any personal animosity that might prevent us from acting as my brother and sister’s keeper. We ask Your healing on those Members of this legislative body who are injured or sick. We ask, O Lord, that You would extend comfort and peace to those families who have been affected by the tragedy in Sutherland Springs, TX. Even in the midst of this tragedy, we thank You, O God, that those 26 fellow sojourners are in Your loving presence, a celestial place where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary always find rest. Lord, bless our President. Give him, O God, the wisdom and insight to move us toward a more unified and loving Union. May we become, O God, more united in the things that bring us together and reject the smaller things that drive us apart. Help us to catch the spirit of those who wrote the Declaration of Independence. They knew then, and we know now, that this was something splendid and august and powerful. O God, You have brought us to this critical moment. Let us not lean on our own understanding, but help us, O God, to let Your Spirit take the reins of our hearts and minds. Make us more innovative and less reactive. Let the creative genius that is part of the American fabric take over the urban and rural American landscape. We pray now, O God, that the diversity and inclusion of people and ideas become our strength and not our wedge. Now, Lord, help us to live by our faith and not by our fears. Help us to face the future with a trust in You and confidence in America’s bright, glad tomorrow. Lord, we know that if we trust You, our best days as a nation are waiting on us. It is in Your powerful and majestic Name that we pray. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 