Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. By expanding the boundaries of the Shiloh National Military Park in the State of Tennessee, H.R. 88 will assist the National Park Service in its efforts to preserve lands and share the history of the Civil War for generations to come. The bill adjusts the boundary of the park to include several sites identified in the 2004 boundary expansion study conducted by the National Park Service. This bill also establishes the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an associated area of the National Park System. Between the Union and Confederacy, Parker’s Crossroads saw over 700 Americans lose their lives in the war for our Nation’s future. Preserving this site will provide even broader opportunities to commemorate and learn from the legacy of the Civil War. The emphasis that we all need to place on preserving our country’s history cannot be overstated. The Civil War is a chapter in our national story that continues to shape the thoughts and actions of this country over 150 years after its conclusion. The struggles and personal conflicts faced by millions of soldiers and the impact on families throughout and after the war have provided us with many lessons, lessons that continue to remain relevant today. Only through learning from our past will we learn how to be a better and stronger nation in the future. Parks, such as Shiloh National Military Park, offer countless opportunities for us to explore the rich history and lessons of the past. These opportunities are most effective when visitors to sites can immerse themselves in the full setting of the area and gain a true understanding of the historical context, something that this expansion of the Shiloh National Military Park will achieve. I would like to thank Representative BLACKBURN for her hard work and commitment to protecting the historical resources in her State, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), the author of this measure. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding the time. I do encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Recently, National Geographic ranked this as the third best Civil War site to visit—the third best—and there is a reason for that. It is because of the dedication of the National Park Service personnel that are there at the Shiloh battlefield and the local volunteers from Tennessee and Mississippi that work to preserve and to enhance. Mrs. TORRES was so right when she talked about the relevancy of the site and the opportunity for introspection and remembrance and the importance of preservation and the lessons that can be learned as individuals go and visit this park. It is significant, and in our Civil War history it is significant that we preserve this and work with the National Park Service. The Battle of Shiloh was fought on April 6 and 7 in 1862. It was the bloodiest battle of the Civil War up to that point: 23,000 Americans died. General Grant’s Union Army was victorious. The Confederate forces withdrew to Corinth, and the outcome of the battle eventually led to the fall of Vicksburg in July of 1863. This permanently divided the Confederacy and crippled the Southern war effort. As we look at this legislation that goes around this battlefield, it does preserve the historical legacy of Tennessee, of Shiloh, and of our Nation. It gives the Park Service the authority that they would like to preserve more than 2,100 additional acres of the historic Shiloh National Military Park. As the gentleman from California said, Fallen Timbers, Davis Bridge, and Russell House are all included in this, as well as Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, which would be named an affiliated area. As we look at visitors to our Nation’s park, the Shiloh National Military Park welcomes more than 500,000 visitors each and every year. I thank my colleagues for the time and the support. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again thank Representative BLACKBURN for her efforts, and I urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would join in asking for adoption of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 88. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. INDIAN EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND RELATED SERVICES CONSOLIDATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 228) to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 228 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 note; 106 Stat. 2302) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’.’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in law to the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’’. 
Section 2 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The purposes of this Act are to demonstrate how Indian tribal governments can’’ and inserting ‘‘The purpose of this Act is to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes and tribal organizations to’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘from diverse Federal sources’’ after ‘‘they provide’’; (3) by striking ‘‘and serve triballydetermined’’ and inserting ‘‘, and serve tribally determined’’; and (4) by inserting ‘‘, while reducing administrative, reporting, and accounting costs’’ after ‘‘policy of selfdetermination’’. 
Section 3 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3402), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) INDIAN TRIBE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The terms ‘Indian tribe’ and ‘tribe’ have the meaning given the term ‘Indian tribe’ in section 4 of the Indian Self Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(B) INCLUSION .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ includes tribal organizations (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) PROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means a program described in section 5(a).’’. 
Section 4 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3403), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 4. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, after approving a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accordance with section 8, authorize the Indian tribe to, in accordance with the plan— ‘‘(1) integrate the programs and Federal funds received by the Indian tribe in accordance with waiver authority granted under section 7(d); and ‘‘(2) coordinate the employment, training, and related services provided with those funds in a consolidated and comprehensive tribal plan.’’. 
Section 5 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3404), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAMS AFFECTED .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The programs that may be integrated pursuant to a plan approved under section 8 shall be only programs— ‘‘(A) implemented for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) job training; ‘‘(ii) welfare to work and tribal work experience; ‘‘(iii) creating or enhancing employment opportunities; ‘‘(iv) skill development; ‘‘(v) assisting Indian youth and adults to succeed in the workforce; ‘‘(vi) encouraging selfsufficiency; ‘‘(vii) familiarizing individual participants with the world of work; ‘‘(viii) facilitating the creation of job opportunities; ‘‘(ix) economic development; or ‘‘(x) any services related to the activities described in clauses (i) through (x); and ‘‘(B) under which an Indian tribe or members of an Indian tribe— ‘‘(i) are eligible to receive funds— ‘‘(I) under a statutory or administrative formula making funds available to an Indian tribe; or ‘‘(II) based solely or in part on their status as Indians under Federal law; or ‘‘(ii) have secured funds as a result of a noncompetitive process or a specific designation. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT OF BLOCK GRANT FUNDS .— For purposes of this section, programs funded by block grant funds provided to an Indian tribe, regardless of whether the block grant is for the benefit of the Indian tribe because of the status of the Indian tribe or the status of the beneficiaries the grant serves, shall be eligible to be integrated into the plan. ‘‘(b) PROGRAM AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec retary shall, in cooperation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Transportation, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, after the Secretary approves a plan submitted by an Indian tribe or tribal organization under section 8, authorize the Indian tribe or tribal organization, as applicable, to coordinate, in accordance with the plan, federally funded employment, training, and related services programs and funding in a manner that integrates the programs and funding into a consolidated and comprehensive program.’’. 
Section 6 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 
U.S.C. 3405), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘A plan submitted to the Secretary for approval under this Act shall— ‘‘(1) identify the programs to be integrated and consolidated; ‘‘(2) be consistent with the purposes of this Act; ‘‘(3) describe— ‘‘(A) a comprehensive strategy identifying the full range of potential employment opportunities on and near the service area of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) the education, training, and related services to be provided to assist Indians to access those employment opportunities; ‘‘(C) the way in which services and program funds are to be integrated, consolidated, and delivered; and ‘‘(D) the results expected, including the expected number of program participants in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the program, from the plan; ‘‘(4) identify the projected expenditures under the plan in a single budget covering all consolidated funds; ‘‘(5) identify any agency of the Indian tribe to be involved in the delivery of the services integrated under the plan; ‘‘(6) identify any statutory provisions, regulations, policies, or procedures that the Indian tribe believes need to be waived to implement the plan; and ‘‘(7) be approved by the governing body of the Indian tribe.’’. 
SEC. 8. PLAN REVIEW; WAIVER AUTHORITY; AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
Section 7 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3406), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon receipt of a plan from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall consult with— ‘‘(1) the head of each Federal agency overseeing a program identified in the plan; and ‘‘(2) the Indian tribe that submitted the plan. ‘‘(b) IDENTIFICATION OF WAIVERS .—The par ties identified in subsection (a) shall identify any waivers of applicable statutory, regulatory, or administrative requirements, or of Federal agency policies or procedures necessary to enable the Indian tribe to efficiently implement the plan. ‘‘(c) TRIBAL WAIVER REQUEST .—In consultation with the Secretary, a participating Indian tribe may request that the head of each affected agency waive any statutory, regulatory, or administrative requirement, policy, or procedure identified subsection (b). ‘‘(d) WAIVER AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), notwithstanding any other provision of law, the head of each affected Federal agency shall waive any applicable statutory, regulatory, or administrative requirement, regulation, policy, or procedure promulgated by the agency that has been identified by the parties under subparagraph (b). ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—The head of an affected Federal agency shall not grant a waiver under paragraph (1) if the head of the affected agency determines that a waiver will be inconsistent with— ‘‘(A) the purposes of this Act; or ‘‘(B) the provision of law from which the program included in the plan derives its authority that is specifically applicable to Indians. ‘‘(e) DECISION ON WAIVER REQUEST .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the head of an affected agency receives a waiver request, the head of the affected agency shall decide whether to grant or deny the request. ‘‘(2) DENIAL OF REQUEST .—If the head of the affected agency denies a waiver request, not later than 30 days after the date on which the denial is made, the head of the affected agency shall provide the requesting Indian tribe and the Secretary with written notice of the denial and the reasons for the denial. ‘‘(3) FAILURE TO ACT ON REQUEST .—If the head of an affected agency does not make a decision under paragraph (1) by the deadline identified in that paragraph, the request shall be considered to be granted. ‘‘(f) SECRETARIAL REVIEW .—If the head of an affected agency denies a waiver request under subsection (e)(2), not later than 30 days after the date on which the request is denied, the Secretary shall review the denial and determine whether granting the waiver— ‘‘(1) will be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act; or ‘‘(2) will prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act. ‘‘(g) INTERAGENCY DISPUTE RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary determines that granting the waiver will not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act and will not prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act, the Secretary shall establish and initiate an interagency dispute resolution process involving— ‘‘(A) the Secretary; ‘‘(B) the participating Indian tribe; and ‘‘(C) the head of the affected agency. ‘‘(2) DURATION .—A dispute subject to paragraph (1) shall be resolved not later than 30 days after the date on which the process is initiated. ‘‘(h) FINAL AUTHORITY .—If the dispute resolution process fails to resolve the dispute between a participating Indian tribe and an affected agency, the head of the affected agency shall have the final authority to resolve the dispute. ‘‘(i) FINAL DECISION .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the dispute is resolved under this section, the Secretary shall provide the requesting Indian tribe with— ‘‘(1) the final decision on the waiver request; and ‘‘(2) notice of the right to file an appeal in accordance with the applicable provisions described in section 8(d).’’. 
SEC. 9. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AUTHORITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
Section 8 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3407), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AUTHORITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall have exclusive authority to approve or disapprove a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accordance with section 6. ‘‘(b) APPROVAL PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a plan, the Secretary shall, after coordinating with the Secretary of each Federal agency providing funds to be used to implement the plan, approve or deny the plan. ‘‘(2) APPROVAL .—If the Secretary approves a plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall authorize the transfer of program funds identified in the plan in accordance with section 13. ‘‘(3) DENIAL .—If the Secretary denies the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the Indian tribe a written notification of disapproval of the plan that contains a specific finding that clearly demonstrates, or that is supported by a controlling legal authority, that the plan does not meet the requirements described in section 6. ‘‘(4) PARTIAL APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If a plan is denied under paragraph (3) solely on the basis that a request for a waiver that is part of the plan has not been approved (or is subject to dispute resolution) under section 7, the Secretary shall, upon a request from the tribe, grant partial approval for those portions of the plan not affected by the request for a waiver. ‘‘(B) APPROVAL AFTER RESOLUTION .—With respect to a plan described in subparagraph (A), on resolution of the request for a waiver under section 7, the Secretary shall, on a request from the tribe, approve the plan or amended plan not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the request. ‘‘(5) FAILURE TO ACT .—If the Secretary does not make a decision under paragraph (1) within 90 days of the date on which the Secretary receives the plan, the plan shall be considered to be approved. ‘‘(c) EXTENSION OF TIME.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may extend or otherwise alter the 90day period identified in subsection (b)(1) for not more than 90 additional days, if, before the expiration of the period, the Secretary obtains the express written consent of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(d) REVIEW OF DENIAL .— ‘‘(1) PROCEDURE UPON REFUSAL TO APPROVE  
PLAN .—If the Secretary denies a plan under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) state any objections in writing to the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) provide assistance to the Indian tribe to overcome the stated objections; and ‘‘(C) unless the Indian tribe brings a civil action under paragraph (2), provide the Indian tribe with a hearing on the record with the right to engage in full discovery relevant to any issue raised in the matter and the opportunity for appeal on the objections raised, under such rules and regulations as the Secretary may promulgate. ‘‘(2) CIVIL ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The district courts of the United States shall have original jurisdiction of a civil action against the appropriate Secretary arising under this section. ‘‘(B) ADMINISTRATIVE HEARING AND APPEAL  
NOT REQUIRED .—An Indian tribe may bring a civil action under this paragraph without regard to whether the Indian tribe had a hearing or filed an appeal under paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) RELIEF .—In an action brought under this paragraph, the court may order appropriate relief (including injunctive relief to reverse a denial of a plan under this section or to compel an officer or employee of the United States, or any agency thereof, to perform a duty provided under this Act or regulations promulgated thereunder) against any action by an officer or employee of the United States or any agency thereof contrary to this Act or regulations promulgated thereunder. ‘‘(3) FINAL AGENCY ACTION .—Notwith standing any other provision of law, a decision by an official of the Department of the Interior or the Department of Health and Human Services, as appropriate (collectively referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Department’) that constitutes final agency action and that relates to an appeal within the Department that is conducted under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made— ‘‘(A) by an official of the Department who holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the departmental agency (such as the Indian Health Service or the Bureau of Indian 
Affairs) in which the decision that is the subject of the appeal was made; or ‘‘(B) by an administrative law judge.’’. 
Section 10 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3409), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), an Indian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act may use the funds made available for the plan under this Act— ‘‘(1) to place participants in training positions with employers; and ‘‘(2) to pay the participants a training allowance or wage for a training period of not more than 24 months, which may be nonconsecutive. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS .—An Indian tribe may carry out subsection (a) only if the Indian tribe enters into a written agreement with each applicable employer under which the employer shall agree— ‘‘(1) to provide onthejob training to the participants; and ‘‘(2) on satisfactory completion of the training period described in subsection (a)(2), to prioritize the provision of permanent employment to the participants.’’. 
Section 11 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3410), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) L EADAGENCY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the lead agency responsible for implementation of this Act shall be the Bureau of Indian Affairs. ‘‘(2) INCLUSIONS .—The responsibilities of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in carrying out this Act shall include— ‘‘(A) in coordination with the head of each Federal agency overseeing a program identified in the plan, the development of a single model report for each Indian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act to submit to the Director reports on any consolidated activities undertaken and joint expenditures made under the plan; ‘‘(B) the provision, directly or through contract, of appropriate voluntary and technical assistance to participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(C) the development and use of a single monitoring and oversight system for plans approved under this Act; ‘‘(D)(i) the receipt of all funds covered by a plan approved under this Act; and ‘‘(ii) the distribution of the funds to the respective Indian tribes by not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the funds from the appropriate Federal department or agency; and ‘‘(E)(i) the performance of activities described in section 7 relating to agency waivers; and ‘‘(ii) the establishment of an interagency dispute resolution process. ‘‘(3) MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017, the Secretary (acting through the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs), in conjunction with the Secretaries of Agriculture, Commerce, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Homeland Security, Housing and Urban Development, Labor, Transportation, and Veterans Affairs and the Attorney General, shall enter into an interdepartmental memorandum of agreement providing for the implementation of this Act. ‘‘(B) INCLUSIONS .—The memorandum of agreement under subparagraph (A) shall include provisions relating to— ‘‘(i) an annual meeting of participating Indian tribes and Federal departments and agencies, to be cochaired by— ‘‘(I) a representative of the President; and ‘‘(II) a representative of the participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(ii) an annual review of the achievements under this Act, including the number and percentage of program participants in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the program, and any statutory, regulatory, administrative, or policy obstacles that prevent participating Indian tribes from fully and efficiently carrying out the purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(iii) a forum comprised of participating Indian tribes and Federal departments and agencies to identify and resolve interagency conflicts and conflicts between the Federal Government and Indian tribes in the administration of this Act. ‘‘(b) REPORT FORMAT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The lead agency shall develop and distribute to Indian tribes that have in place an approved plan under this Act a single report format, in accordance with the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The lead agency shall ensure that the report format developed under paragraph (1), together with records maintained by each participating Indian tribe, contains information sufficient— ‘‘(A) to determine whether the Indian tribe has complied with the requirements of the approved plan of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) to determine the number and percentage of program participants in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the program; and ‘‘(C) to provide assurances to the head of each applicable Federal department or agency that the Indian tribe has complied with all directly applicable statutory and regulatory requirements not waived under section 7. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—The report format developed under paragraph (1) shall not require a participating Indian tribe to report on the expenditure of funds expressed by fund source or single agency code transferred to the Indian tribe under an approved plan under this Act but instead shall require the Indian tribe to submit a single report on the expenditure of consolidated funds under such plan.’’. 
Section 12 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3411), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In no case shall the amount of Federal funds available to an Indian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act be reduced as a result of— ‘‘(1) the enactment of this Act; or ‘‘(2) the approval or implementation of a plan of an Indian tribe under this Act. ‘‘(b) INTERACTION WITHOTHER LAWS.—The inclusion of a program in a tribal plan under this Act shall not— ‘‘(1) modify, limit, or otherwise affect the eligibility of the program for contracting under the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) eliminate the applicability of any provision of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), as the provision relates to a specific program eligible for contracting under that Act.’’. 
Section 13 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3412), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 13. TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 30 days after the date of apportionment to the applicable Federal department or agency, the head of a Federal agency overseeing a program identified in a plan approved under this Act shall transfer to the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs for distribution to an Indian tribe any funds identified in the approved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) TRANSFER OF FUNDS .—Notwith standing any other provision of law, at the request of the Indian tribe, all program funds transferred to an Indian tribe in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe shall be transferred to the Indian tribe pursuant to an existing contract, compact, or funding agreement awarded pursuant to title I or IV of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.).’’. 
Section 14 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3413), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (d); (2) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through subsection (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) CONSOLIDATION AND REALLOCATION OF  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts transferred to a tribe pursuant to an approved plan may be consolidated, reallocated, and rebudgeted as specified in the approved plan to best meet the employment, training, and related needs of the local community served by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS .—The amounts used to carry out a plan approved under this Act shall be administered in such manner as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to ensure the amounts are spent on activities authorized under the approved plan. ‘‘(C) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section interferes with the ability of the Secretary or the lead agency to use accounting procedures that conform to generally accepted accounting principles, auditing procedures, and safeguarding of funds that conform to chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Single Audit Act of 1984’). ‘‘(2) SEPARATE RECORDS AND AUDITS NOT RE QUIRED .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regulations and circulars of any agency (including Office of Management and Budget Circular A–133)), an Indian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act shall not be required— ‘‘(A) to maintain separate records that trace any service or activity conducted under the approved plan to the program for which the funds were initially authorized or transferred; ‘‘(B) to allocate expenditures among such a program; or ‘‘(C) to audit expenditures by the original source of the program. ‘‘(b) CARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Any funds transferred to an Indian tribe under this Act that are not obligated or expended prior to the beginning of the fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the funds were appropriated shall remain available for obligation or expenditure without fiscal year limitation, subject to the condition that the funds shall be obligated or 
expended in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(2) NO ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION .—The Indian tribe shall not be required to provide any additional justification or documentation of the purposes of the approved plan as a condition of receiving or expending the funds. ‘‘(c) INDIRECT COSTS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Indian tribe shall be entitled to recover 100 percent of any indirect costs incurred by the Indian tribe as a result of the transfer of funds to the Indian tribe under this Act.’’; and (3) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by paragraph (1))— (A) by striking ‘‘All administrative’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—All administrative’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘regulations)’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting the following: ‘‘regulations). ‘‘(2) TREATMENT .—The amount equal to the difference between the amount of the commingled funds and the actual administrative cost of the programs, as described in paragraph (1), shall be considered to be properly spent for Federal audit purposes if the amount is used to achieve the purposes of this Act. ‘‘(e) MATCHING FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds transferred to an Indian tribe under this Act shall be treated as nonFederal funds for purposes of meeting matching requirements under any other Federal law, except those administered by the Department of Labor or the Department of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(f) CLAIMS .—The following provisions of law shall apply to plans approved under this Act: ‘‘(1) Section 314 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 104 Stat. 1959). ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 (commonly known as the ‘Federal Tort Claims Act’). ‘‘(g) INTEREST OR OTHER INCOME .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—An Indian tribe shall be entitled to retain interest earned on any funds transferred to the tribe under an approved plan and such interest shall not diminish the amount of funds the Indian tribe is authorized to receive under the plan in the year the interest is earned or in any subsequent fiscal year. ‘‘(2) PRUDENT INVESTMENT .—Funds transferred under a plan shall be managed in accordance with the prudent investment standard.’’. 
SEC. 15. LABOR MARKET INFORMATION ON INDIAN WORK FORCE. 
Section 17(a) of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416(a)), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘manner,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary, Indian tribes, and the Director of the Bureau of the Census, shall’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, by gender,’’. 
(a) R EPEALS .—Sections 15 and 16 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3414, 3415), as amended by section 2 of this Act, are repealed. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Sections 17 and 18 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416, 3417) (as amended by this Act) are redesignated as sections 15 and 16, respectively. 
Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act— (1) affects any plan approved under the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.) (as so redesignated) before the date of enactment of this Act; (2) requires any Indian tribe or tribal organization to resubmit a plan described in paragraph (1); or (3) modifies the effective period of any plan described in paragraph (1). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 228, the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act, is sponsored by my colleague from Alaska, Congressman DONYOUNG . This bipartisan legislation would make the Tribal 477 Program permanent and make improvements to its administration. The 477 Program was established by Congress in 1992 as a demonstration program. It allows tribes to combine employment, childcare, and job training funding from a variety of Federal sources and conduct consolidated, comprehensive reporting. The 477 Program embodies tribal selfdetermination by allowing tribes to provide opportunities tailored to the unique needs of their communities. The bill improves accounting procedures and reporting mechanisms to uphold the original intent of the program, ensures that agencies treat tribes fairly, and sets a foundation for participants’ continued success. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman KEVIN BRADY of the Ways and Means Committee and Chairwoman VIRGINIA  FOXXof the Education and the Workforce Committee for agreeing to help expedite consideration of this bill. I urge adoption of H.R. 228. I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 22, 2017. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I write concerning H.R. 228, the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 228 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree not to request a sequential referral on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing formal consideration of H.R. 228, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, February 22, 2017. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : H.R. 228, Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017, was introduced on January 3, 2017. I understand that the bill contains provisions that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, and I thank you or allowing the Committee on Ways and Means to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee. Finally, to memorialize our understanding, I would be pleased to include your letter and this response in the Congressional Record when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your response and cooperation. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  WORKFORCE , H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 27, 2017. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 228, the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 228 on those matters within my committee’s jurisdiction and making improvements to the legislation to address concerns. The Committee on Education and the Workforce will not delay further consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, February 27, 2017. Hon. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. DEAR MADAM CHAIRMAN : H.R. 228, Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2017, was introduced on January 3, 2017. I understand our staffs have been able to negotiate out text that is agreeable to you. Therefore, I ask that you allow the Committee on Education and the Workforce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill, so that this revised text for H.R. 228 may be scheduled by the majority leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Education and the Workforce represented on the conference committee. Finally, to memorialize our understanding, I would be pleased to include your letter and this response in the Congressional Record when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your response and cooperation. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Public Law 102–477 establishes what is commonly known as the 477 Program to foster employment and economic development in Indian Country. This highly successful program authorizes tribal governments to consolidate up to 13 different Federal grant programs into a single plan with a single budget in a single reporting system. Current participants in the program have significantly improved the effectiveness of the delivery of services included in their 477 plan, while lowering administrative costs. These cost savings have been translated into more accessible and available services for their communities. The Citizen Potawatomi Nation of Oklahoma’s 477 Program has been in place since 1996. Since 2010, the Nation has served well over 6,000 participants through the program. Of those who had employment as their goal, 47 percent achieved unsubsidized employment. H.R. 288 will build on this success by permanently authorizing the program, increasing the scope and availability of participating Federal grant programs, and setting a streamlined process for tribes to follow. b1645 I want to congratulate Chairman YOUNG for his tireless work on this legislation and for bringing together all of the stakeholders to address their concerns and find a workable solution. I supported this legislation last year, as it passed the House last Congress unanimously. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the legendary gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and the ranking member for her work on this legislation. Much has been explained about it. This is a good piece of legislation. I am not going to take a great deal of time, but it shows that we can work together. The stakeholders got involved 4 years ago. We wanted to make this permanent. We worked it all out last year and we passed it, and it got bogged down on the other side. It is a chance where we can show and take programs and put them together with tribes and have a better efficiency for the dollar we spend. If we do more of that in this Congress, we will have a lot better Congress and a better nation. This is a small minority group that has done well under these programs, and it is not a new law. In 1992, I was here when we passed it. We would like to see to fruition the work put together by Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. B ISHOP , Mr. BRADY , and Chairwoman F OXX. They all worked together with their staffs to put this, I think, excellent piece of legislation together to put to the voters on this floor, and I urge the passage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, my bill—the Indian Employment, Training, and Related Services Consolidation Act—enables tribes and tribal organizations to offer highly effective workforce development initiatives that uplift Native communities around the country. We passed this bipartisan legislation in the House by a voice vote at the end of last Congress, and the Senate simply ran out of time to secure final passage. H.R. 228 makes the Tribal ‘‘477 Program’’ permanent and improves its administration. The 477 Program allows tribes to combine employment, childcare, and job training funding from a variety of federal sources and conduct consolidated, comprehensive reporting. Participants have leveraged these advantages to develop and run innovative programs that have had a meaningful impact on thousands of Alaska Native and American Indian families. In addition, the efficiencies of the 477 Program save both tribes and the federal government money, time, and resources. Congress established the 477 Program in 1992 as a demonstration program. The Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes in Southeast Alaska was actually the first in the nation to begin operating a 477 program and to this day continues to benefit from offering services through 477. The 477 Program has a proven track record of success and allows for bold approaches to address significant education and training needs that exist in Indian country. This program is what tribal selfdetermination is all about. Tribes understand their members best and know how to use these tools for creating and expanding employment opportunities in their communities. My bill improves accounting procedures and reporting mechanisms to uphold the original intent of the program, ensure that agencies treat tribes fairly, and set a foundation for participants’ continued success. I would like to thank the members of the 477 Tribal Work Group who, over the last 4 years, have been stalwart advocates for this legislation and did not give up at the end of last Congress. I would also like to thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member GRIJALVA , and their staffs for making this bill possible and working to move it to the floor quickly this year. Finally, I offer my thanks to Chairman BRADY , Chairwoman FOXX, Chairman G OODLATTE , and their staffs for their assistance with the legislation. I urge adoption of H.R. 228 today and encourage the Senate to take up this bill as soon as possible. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This is an important program that deserves to be reauthorized. As we know, this bill passed out of the House last Congress without objection. I look forward to continuing to work with Mr. YOUNG at finding other pieces of legislation that we can work on on a bipartisan level. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my concerns with H.R. 228. While the legislation seeks to provide additional flexibility and support to Indian tribes—a worthy goal—I remain concerned that it could have the effect of weakening the services provided to families and children in Indian tribes. Currently, Indian tribes have the option to consolidate certain federal funding streams related to work and job training into one grant. H.R. 228 includes a number of changes to this consolidation option and expands the number of programs that can be consolidated. The legislation could be interpreted in an overly broad fashion resulting in the inclusion of programs that may not be appropriate to include—programs or services only ‘‘related to’’ job training, skill development, and economic development, or other related goals. Last Congress, the legislation was given a sequential referral to the Education and the Workforce Committee, on which I serve as Ranking Member. However, the legislation was not considered in the Committee and we have yet to assess its impact on education and training programs within our jurisdiction. Specifically, our Committee has an interest in ensuring that program funds are used for their intended purpose. Whether the TANF program or Head Start, adequate reporting and oversight protect beneficiaries and ensure the quality of services. For example, Head Start performance standards are vital to the success of the program. 
While I do not intend to oppose the legislation, I encourage continued robust oversight of the programs impacted by this bill to ensure that quality and effective education and job training programs remain available to our nation’s tribes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 228, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOUNT HOOD COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 699) to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 699 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act’’. 
Section 1206(a) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1018) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘120 acres’’ and inserting ‘‘107 acres’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by inserting ‘‘improvements,’’ after ‘‘buildings,’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows shall select’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows shall jointly select’’; (ii) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘An appraisal under clause (i) shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided under clause (iii), an appraisal under clause (i) shall assign a separate value to each tax lot to allow for the equalization of values and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) FINAL APPRAISED VALUE .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), after the final appraised value of the Federal land and the nonFederal land are determined and approved by the Secretary, the Secretary shall not be required to reappraise or update the final appraised value for a period of up to 3 years, beginning on the date of the approval by the Secretary of the final appraised value. ‘‘(II) EXCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply if the condition of either the Federal land or the nonFederal land referred to in subclause (I) is significantly and substantially altered by fire, windstorm, or other events. ‘‘(iv) PUBLIC REVIEW .—Before completing the land exchange under this Act, the Secretary shall make available for public review the complete appraisals of the land to be exchanged.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (G) and inserting the following: ‘‘(G) REQUIRED CONVEYANCE CONDITIONS .— Prior to the exchange of the Federal and nonFederal land— ‘‘(i) the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows may mutually agree for the Secretary to reserve a conservation easement to protect the identified wetland in accordance with applicable law, subject to the requirements that— ‘‘(I) the conservation easement shall be consistent with the terms of the September 30, 2015, mediation between the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows; and ‘‘(II) in order to take effect, the conservation easement shall be finalized not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall reserve a 24foot wide nonexclusive trail easement at the existing trail locations on the Federal land that retains for the United States existing rights to construct, reconstruct, maintain, and permit nonmotorized use by the public of existing trails subject to the right of the owner of the Federal land— ‘‘(I) to cross the trails with roads, utilities, and infrastructure facilities; and ‘‘(II) to improve or relocate the trails to accommodate development of the Federal land. ‘‘(H) EQUALIZATION OF VALUES .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), in addition to or in lieu of monetary compensation, a lesser area of Federal land or nonFederal land may be conveyed if necessary to equalize appraised values of the exchange properties, without limitation, consistent with the requirements of this Act and subject to the approval of the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPENSATION  
OR CONVEYANCES AS DONATION .—If, after payment of compensation or adjustment of land area subject to exchange under this Act, the amount by which the appraised value of the land and other property conveyed by Mt. Hood Meadows under subparagraph (A) exceeds the appraised value of the land conveyed by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be considered a donation by Mt. Hood Meadows to the United States.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 699, the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act, was introduced by Congressman GREG WALDEN and cosponsored by Congressman EARL BLUMENAUER to address an ongoing land exchange issue in the State of Oregon. In 2009, the Omnibus Public Land Management Act authorized a land exchange in Government Camp, Oregon. This land exchange was supposed to be completed within 16 months of the enactment of the legislation; however, this still has not occurred more than 7 years later. The long delay, primarily due to disagreements surrounding easement terms, has frustrated local communities such as Mt. Hood Meadows and other local groups. This legislation, along with the Senate companion, comes as a result of a mediation session held by the Forest Service in September 2015 to resolve longstanding issues between the agency and the local community. Subsequently, the parties released a joint statement that they arrived at mutually satisfactory terms during the mediation session. H.R. 699 updates the details and process for the land exchange to clarify issues relating to land appraisals and the parameters of a wetland conservation easement on the Federal portion of the conveyance. This legislation also includes several technical provisions, including changes to conveyance conditions regarding wetland boundaries on the Federal land, reservation of a nonexclusive trail easement, and equalization of values of the exchange properties. This bill was amended in committee last Congress to address concerns raised by the Forest Service, including clarifying language for the easement allowed in the bill and the length of time allowed for the Forest Service to implement this legislation. It is illustrative of the state of Federal Land Management that the Forest Service has not already carried out the provisions of this bill. This bill previously passed the House in September 2016, and it is my hope that the Senate will see fit to act on the legislation during this Congress. I appreciate Congressman WALDEN ’s continuous efforts to see this issue addressed once and for all, and I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this bill. I urge adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to be on the floor here this afternoon with my friend and colleague, Congressman WALDEN , who is going to talk at great length—maybe not, but he could. This represents, hopefully, the culmination of over 12 years’ work. Congressman WALDEN and I spent a good deal of time with stakeholders back in Oregon focusing on what needed to be done to protect the treasure that is Mt. Hood and the surrounding wilderness area. It culminated with a hike that we took around Mt. Hood—a 3day camping trip with Congressman WALDEN , his 
family, our staff, having a series of meetings with people who cared about the work. It was, for me, one of the most memorable experiences I have had as a Member of the House, both in terms of the delightful experience we had enjoying that wilderness area, but also being able to focus on things that were concrete, that would make a difference. This is the remaining piece. In fact, it was 8 years ago in the first hours of the first Obama administration that the legislation that we worked on as part of the Wilderness Act was signed into law. And as has been referenced by our friend from California, we have been here before trying to complete this last piece. The land exchange is necessary to be able to fully realize the benefits of the hard work of the stakeholders, to preserve the recreational benefits, to preserve the water, to be able to have a true winwin situation. All that remains is this little exchange. I know my colleague is frustrated, as am I, that we have to be back here again with a piece of legislation. I am hopeful, as it was in the past, the House will approve, that our friends in the Senate will follow through, and that, somehow, this time it won’t be a casualty in conference. It is important to be able to finish this land exchange to realize the potential of the hard work that people back in Oregon have done with us to be able to realize the benefit of this hard work. I actually will just stop at this point. I look forward to hearing from my friend. I look forward to making sure we get this across the finish line so that this important, bipartisan piece of legislation is finally enacted into law and that we have the Forest Service follow through on the last elements of this critical land exchange. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the author of this measure, whose dogged determination has brought us within reach of resolving this dispute. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker and Ranking Member TORRES , thank you for bringing this legislation to the floor once again. I want to elaborate a little bit on what my friend and colleague from Portland talked about. It was more than just a camping trip. It was 3 nights with backpacks, 4 days, 41 miles, and 9,000 feet of gain and loss in elevation. We went all the way around Mt. Hood, which is an extraordinary piece of Oregon, and we had a wonderful time. Along the way, we had our ornithologist there; we had geologists there; we had biologists; we had advocates for wilderness and advocates for recreation. We were met by, I think it was, the Mazamas with watermelons. One afternoon, they hiked them up I don’t know how many thousand feet to share with us. It was really a kind of Oregon way experience, because we all care deeply about the watersheds, the jobs, the recreation, the beauty, the incredible piece of the world we live in around Mt. Hood. It is my home area. I grew up around the Hood River. This land exchange has been a battle since the 1970s, in a sense, in that my community long ago said: We don’t want a lot of development up in this Crystal Springs watershed and in this very pristine area around the Hood River upper valley. It really belongs around the corner of Mt. Hood, up in Government Camp where there already is development. This fight has gone on for years; and all sides came together, as we did in our legislation, and said: We agree. And so we said: Fine, we will put that in the bill. They worked it out with the Forest Service and everybody else, and then we said: Okay. They have done the heavy lift for the last, I don’t know, 30 years. Forest Service, you just make this transfer and do it in 16 months. That is what the law said. We are nearly 8 years later and this is still languishing; and, unfortunately, we are back trying again, because we are never going to quit until we are done. We are getting much closer. In fact, the law we passed back in 2009, Public Law 111–11, deals with this Public Lands Act. It said: ‘‘Deadline for completion of land exchange. It is the intent of the Congress that the land exchange under this subsection shall be completed not later than 16 months after the date of enactment of this Act.’’ Again, that was back in 2009. It is important to protect this watershed. It is important that where development occurs, it occurs in the right places. We have always felt that way in Oregon. And, indeed, facilitating this exchange resolves a decadeslong controversy and puts development where it belongs, protects a special area in the upper Hood River Valley that needs protection, and finally brings certainty and resolution. I hope you all will come out and see it, or you can come over to the Energy and Commerce Mt. Hood Room which soon will have a beautiful photograph there of Mt. Hood at Lost Lake, and I encourage you to come over. When you are tired of that, you can come over to the new Crater Lake room in the Energy and Commerce Committee suites as well. I have discovered being chairman of the full committee, you get to name rooms—at least briefly during your tenure—and show off some of the best aspects of your State. With that, Mr. Speaker, thank you for bringing this to the floor. I look forward to House passage, Senate passage, and getting this puppy signed into law. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 699 clarifies the terms of the land exchange between the Forest Service and Mt. Hood Meadows, a privately held ski resort. The exchange was authorized by Congress in 2009, but due to lack of clarity, here we are 7 years later and the exchange still has not been executed. Last year, the Forest Service and Mt. Hood Meadows engaged in mediation to resolve the issues that have held up the exchange. This bill is a result of that mediation, and its passage will ensure that, after 7 long years, the exchange will finally move forward. I want to thank the sponsors, Representative WALDEN and Representative BLUMENAUER from Oregon, for their hard work and commitment to resolving this issue. Last year, this bill passed the House and Senate as part of S. 2012. Given all the positive momentum this legislation has seen in recent years, I hope that we can get this bill across the finish line as soon as possible and finally complete the land exchange. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers and yet another show of bipartisan comity. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 699. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1700 COLTSVILLE NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK DONATION SITE AMENDMENT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 863) to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 863 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AMENDMENT TO COLTSVILLE NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK DONATION SITE. 
Section 3032(b)(2)(B) of Public Law 113–291 (16 U.S.C. 410qqq) is amended by striking ‘‘East Armory’’ and inserting ‘‘Colt Armory Complex’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 863 was introduced by Representative JOHNLARSON of Connecticut. Originally, the National Park Service was required to acquire 10,000 square feet of space in East Armory of Coltsville. This measure would allow the National Park Service to acquire that space within any part of the Colt Armory Complex in Hartford, Connecticut. Coltsville was the home of Samuel Colt’s industrial enterprise, Colt’s Manufacturing Company. In Hartford, Samuel Colt developed the use of the assembly line and highly mechanized techniques. Colt’s Manufacturing Company not only transformed the firearms industry, but it was a major contributor to the industrial revolution by pioneering the use of interchangeable parts and precision manufacturing. Colt’s success brought him fame and wealth. He became one of the 10 wealthiest businessmen in the United States, a pillar of the Hartford community, and was given the honorary title of colonel by the Governor of Connecticut. This small modification to current law would provide the Park Service flexibility in selecting a location for park administrative offices and visitor services at the Coltsville site. A nearly identical bill passed the House last Congress by voice vote. I commend Representative LARSON  for his work on this legislation. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON), the bill’s sponsor. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative TORRES , Representative M CCLINTOCK , Chairman BISHOP , and Ranking Member GRIJALVA for all of their hard work on this. As the chairman indicated, this bill did pass on a voice vote last year. Unfortunately, our colleagues in the Senate did not take it up last year. This year they have, and I am glad that it is before us again. This is truly a collaborative effort. Especially from a small State like Connecticut, I want to thank the larger States. We just heard two Members from Oregon talking about Mount Hood. In most of the national parks in the West, you could fit the entire State of Connecticut. I especially thank the committee for understanding the historic significance of Coltsville itself, and also the work not only of Samuel Colt, who gets most of the credit for a gun that was aptly named the gun that won the West, but of who it actually was brought to market by, Elizabeth Colt. Samuel Colt died in 1862 at the beginning of the Civil War. Of course, that gun and those weapons that they produced also played a critical role in the North’s victory. Elizabeth Colt, however, continued the company. While she could not vote, she was part of what back then would have been a top 10 manufacturing company in the entire Nation. They ended up being the first American manufacturer to establish a plant abroad because their production scheme was that great. She also established the concept of firewalls, which was important to a thenbudding insurance industry in the State of Connecticut. She also came up with the concept of housing workers. A large number of immigrants who poured into the country, who were skilled workers from all around the globe, but mostly from Europe, who came to Hartford at that time, were able to settle in housing. The Park Service has been magnificent in setting up and reviewing this. I thank James Woolsey, who is the park’s superintendent, but also the people in the area: Larry Dooley of Colt Gateway; the Church of the Good Shepherd; the Sheldon Charter Oak neighborhood groups; and, of course, the current mayor, Mayor Bronin; and Governor Malloy. Three other mayors have come before Congress and before the committee to testify on this bill, its importance, its significance, and its heritage. We are extraordinarily proud of this. I would be remiss if I didn’t point out the extra effort that Chairman BISHOP  put into this, especially his understanding in grappling with a very small State like Connecticut and what one would consider, by National Park Service standards, a very small piece of history with an enormous impact. Henry Ford came there to take a look at the assembly line techniques that were developed there. Pratt and Whitney were both interns there, which led to, in my hometown of East Hartford, the most incredible aerospace engines, the arsenal for democracy in the State of Connecticut, a company that went on to produce 70 percent of all the engines utilized in the Second World War. All this from Samuel Colt and, of course, Elizabeth Colt, who took over and became such an incredible philanthropist. Hartford, at that time—because of all the manufacturing, including typewriters, bicycles, and even the automobile—got its start there. It also led this incredible sage from Missouri to locate there, write, and publish books, named Mark Twain. So there is quite a story that comes, and it just demonstrates the value of manufacturing. We all know here and we talk frequently about value added, a fourtoone enterprise today. Beyond that, everything else—the ideas that it spun, the innovation that it spun, and the creativity—is something that is very much worth celebrating and remembering. I thank the committee in general for all of their hard work. I am thrilled with this. I know, having worked with Speaker RYANon a number of important issues, that he would be happy to know that AmeriCorps is also involved in the area as well. I thank the committee for sticking with this. It took over 14 years to get this passed. Now, with the passage of this legislation, it will officially open this spring. I hope the committee will come out, and we will plan a great celebration and welcome you there as well. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, certainly none that could match the detailed knowledge and eloquence of the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ). I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Congress established the Coltsville National Historical Park at the end of 2014. The law that established the park also authorized the National Park Service to utilize a 10,000squarefoot building, known as the East Armory for the purpose of park administration. However, during the planning phase for establishing this new park, local stakeholders and the Park Service have determined that the Colt Armory Complex is better suited for this purpose. This bill simply makes that change and authorizes use of the Colt Armory Complex. I support this simple fix to the enabling legislation that responds to the ontheground dynamics of this particular park. I want to thank the majority and my colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee for expediting review of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) for his hard work on moving this bill forward. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 863. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure and look forward to taking Representative LARSONup on his kind invitation for the great opening. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 863. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
OPEN BOOK ON EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1033) to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1033 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATION OF EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE PROVISIONS. 
(a) A GENCY PROCEEDINGS .—Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (h); (3) by striking subsection (e); and (4) by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing the following information with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this section: ‘‘(1) The case name and number of the adversary adjudication, if available. ‘‘(2) The name of the agency involved in the adversary adjudication. ‘‘(3) A description of the claims in the adversary adjudication. ‘‘(4) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other agency document making the award. ‘‘(5) The amount of the award. ‘‘(6) The basis for the finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially justified. ‘‘(f) The online searchable database described in subsection (e) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law or court order. ‘‘(g) The head of each agency shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, no later than 60 days following the Chairman’s request, all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of subsections (e) and (f).’’. (b) COURT CASES.—Section 2412(d) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing the following information with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this section: ‘‘(A) The case name and number. ‘‘(B) The name of the agency involved in the case. ‘‘(C) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(D) A description of the claims in the case. ‘‘(E) The amount of the award. ‘‘(F) The basis for the finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially justified. ‘‘(6) The online searchable database described in paragraph (5) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law or court order. ‘‘(7) The head of each agency (including the Attorney General of the United States) shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, no later than 60 days following the Chairman’s request, all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of paragraphs (5) and (6).’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 2412 of title 28, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this section’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘of such title’’ and inserting ‘‘of this title’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall first apply with respect to awards of fees and other expenses that are made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) ONLINE DATABASES .—The online databases required by section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, shall be established as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but in no case later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 1033, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I begin by thanking Representative DOUGCOLLINS of Georgia and the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee Ranking Member STEVE  COHEN of Tennessee for introducing this important government transparency legislation. Every year, pursuant to the Equal Access to Justice Act, the Federal Government, through settlement or court order, pays millions of dollars in legal fees and costs to parties to lawsuits and administrative adjudications that involve the Federal Government. However, despite the large amount of taxpayer dollars paid out each year, the Federal Government no longer comprehensively keeps track of the amount of fees and other expenses awarded pursuant to the Equal Access to Justice Act, nor does the government compile and report on why these fees and expenses were paid and to whom these costs were awarded. This is because, in 1995, Congress repealed the Department of Justice’s reporting requirements and defunded the Administrative Conference of the United States, the agency charged with reporting this basic information. The Administrative Conference was established in 2010, but the requirements to report on fee and cost payments have not been reenacted. Accordingly, there has been no official governmentwide accounting of this information since fiscal year 1994, over 20 years ago. This lack of transparency is troubling, given that the Equal Access to Justice Act is considered by many to be the most important Federal fee shifting statute. Fundamentally, the act recognizes that there is an enormous disparity of resources between the Federal Government and individuals and small businesses who seek to challenge Federal actions. b1715 Congress enacted the Equal Access to Justice Act to provide individuals, small businesses, and small nonprofit groups with financial incentives to challenge the Federal Government or defend themselves from lawsuits brought by the Federal Government. As the Supreme Court has noted, the act was adopted with the specific purpose of eliminating for the average person the financial disincentive to challenge unreasonable governmental actions. But how can we know if the act is working well toward this end if we have no data on awards? Without the data this bill requires the Administrative Conference to compile and report, we have nothing more than anecdotal evidence as to whether the act is providing some measure of relief to the financial disincentive to seeking judicial and administrative redress against the Federal Government. The legislation we are considering today will end this lack of transparency and restore the reporting requirements that were repealed in 1995. I want to, once again, thank Representatives COLLINS and C OHEN for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by echoing the praise that the chairman offered to Mr. COLLINS and Mr. C OHEN for their leadership on this important legislation which I support for several reasons. 
To begin with, it strengthens the Equal Access to Justice Act, a crucial law that has helped senior citizens, veterans, the disabled, and notfor profit groups vindicate their rights against unreasonable or arbitrary governmental action. Now, as the chairman stated, under the socalled American rule, parties to adjudicative matters typically pay their own litigation costs, subject to certain statutory exceptions; and one of these exceptions is the Equal Access to Justice Act, which allows a party to be reimbursed for litigation costs when he or she is victorious against the Federal Government under specified conditions. But if the U.S. can show that its position was substantially justified, or that special circumstances would make an award unjust, then the prevailing party is not entitled to be reimbursed for his or her litigation costs. In addition, only certain parties are eligible to be reimbursed for their litigation costs under the act, based on their net worth or tax exempt status, among other factors that are built in to the statute. Whether these restrictions still make sense is an open question, as Congress simply does not have the adequate information to assess the continuing effectiveness of the act. This is because there has been no comprehensive Federal report on the total amount of fees awarded under the act since 1995, and, as a result, all we have is conjecture and extrapolation. Fortunately, H.R. 1033 addresses this problem by requiring annual reports on the amount of fees paid under the act to prevailing litigants against the government. As a result of this legislation, Congress will know now, on an annual basis, the agencies required to reimburse parties for their litigation costs; the claims that first gave rise to the litigation; and the amount of awards made under the act, as well as the basis for them. With this information, Congress will be in a much better position to assess the ongoing implementation of the act and the performance of the agencies as litigants. Another reason why I support this legislation is that it respects the privacy interests of the parties who are reimbursed for their litigation costs pursuant to the act. Unfortunately, prior versions of this legislation were unnecessarily intrusive. Organizations, like the National Organization of Social Security Claimants’ Representatives and the Paralyzed Veterans of America, expressed their serious concerns that prior versions of the bill might ‘‘infringe the privacy of vulnerable people who have applied for Social Security and veterans’ benefits.’’ These are serious concerns, especially given the fact that the bill requires the information collected to be made available to the public and transparent through posting on the internet. As currently drafted, however, H.R. 1033 strikes the proper balance between encouraging transparency and respecting the legitimate privacy interests of parties that have been raised as an issue in the past. The bill specifically provides that the annual reports required to be made publicly available may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law or court order. Finally, I support H.R. 1033 because it recognizes the important role that the Administrative Conference of the United States has historically played in helping Congress identify inefficiencies among the Federal agencies and ways to save taxpayer dollars through the proper economies. I am particularly pleased that the current version of this legislation reflects various thoughtful suggestions shared by the Administrative Conference with our staffs. Given the excellent work and scholarly analysis that have been the hallmarks of the Administrative Conference of the United States, I expect its report and its attendant findings will be an invaluable aid to Congress. As the Judiciary Committee is the authorizing committee for the Conference, I encourage our friends on the Appropriations Committee to ensure that the Conference has adequate funding to implement this very important legislation. Like the Administrative Conference, H.R. 1033 requires only a modest investment that will result in a very valuable return for all Americans. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS), the chief sponsor of the bill, and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his tireless work over the last couple of Congresses in bringing this to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. I introduced this legislation with a bipartisan group of cosponsors to provide additional transparency and oversight of taxpayer dollars awarded through the Equal Access to Justice Act. I want to thank all of the original cosponsors of this legislation for their support, but, in particular, I would like to thank my friend from Tennessee, STEVE COHEN , a member of the Judiciary Committee. These are the kind of areas where we find agreement, and transparency is one of those. I want to thank him for his support and also the gentleman from Maryland as well, for his support of this. Additionally, there is one former Member I would like to thank, Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman Cynthia Lummis, for her leadership on an earlier version of this legislation. She is looking forward to bringing this to fruition. Current and past bipartisan support for this legislation demonstrates a consensus that we need to address this issue, and that Americans deserve to know how taxpayer funds are being spent. Almost identical legislation passed both the Judiciary Committee and the full House on a voice vote in the 114th Congress. This bill reinstates the needed transparency and accountability measures to ensure the Equal Access to Justice Act is helping individuals, retirees, veterans, and small businesses as originally intended. Congress originally passed the Equal Access to Justice Act in 1980, to remove the barrier to justice for those with limited access to resources it takes to sue the Federal Government and recover attorneys’ fees and costs that go along with those suits. The law was written to provide citizens with the opportunity to challenge or defend against unreasonable government actions where they otherwise might be deterred by large legal expenses. To be eligible for payment under the EAJA, an individual’s net worth must be less than $2 million, or a business or an organization must have a net worth of less than $7 million, although the cap does not apply to certain taxexempt organizations. The Equal Access to Justice Act was intended to address the David and Goliath scenario, where wronged citizens have to go to court and face the Federal Government’s vast financial and legal resources. It is past time that we ensure this law is working for the citizens in need and for taxpayers alike. Payments of the attorneys’ fees come from the budget of the agency whose actions give rise to the underlying claim. While the original Equal Access to Justice Act legislation included a requirement to track payments and report to Congress annually, Congress and the agencies halted tracking and reporting of these payments made through the Equal Access to Justice Act in 1995. Since then, there has been no comprehensive Federal report, and we are sorely in need of the oversight responsibilities which H.R. 1033 takes the steps to address. A GAO report indicated that, without any direction to track payments, most agencies simply don’t do it, and Congress and taxpayers are unable to exercise oversight over these funds. In fact, we have only anecdotal evidence about how much we are spending on attorneys’ fees, the agencies paying out these fees, and what types of claims are being recovered. This is simple, commonsense transparency that we are bringing forward today. H.R. 1033 requires the Administrative Conference to develop and implement an online searchable database to facilitate public and congressional oversight over the Equal Access to Justice Act payments in both agency adjudications 
and court proceedings. Agencies would be required to provide information requested by the ACUS for the development of the database, but, importantly, the ACUS would be required to withhold information from the database if disclosure is prohibited by law or court order, the privacy that was just recently mentioned. The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act ensures that agencies are operating under the watchful public eye and that taxpayer dollars are being spent properly. Our Federal Government is too big, in my opinion, and I believe it needs to be downsized; but until we make that happen, transparency should be the minimum requirement. That is why H.R. 1033 is important. It is common sense, plain and simple. When the Federal Government is spending money, Congress needs to exercise oversight to ensure it is being done the way the law requires. For most people who are facing a lawsuit against the Federal Government, it is a onceinalifetime challenge and a daunting suit to undertake, even if they are completely in the right. It is only fair that when the court rules in favor of an American in litigation against a Federal agency, the American should be permitted to recoup their legal costs from that Federal agency. This act gave Americans the power to take on our vast and sprawling bureaucracy by removing barriers to justice for those with limited access to resources. However, since the original reporting requirements were halted by Congress, information on these payments under law is severely lacking. This tracking will ensure the integrity and the purpose in which the Congress had set forth. It is past time we shine light on this issue. We owe transparency to the taxpayers who are financing the law, and we owe it to the citizens, the small businesses, the veterans, and the Social Security claimants, who rely on the law. H.R. 1033 represents a bipartisan agreement that transparency over payments that were made under the Equal Access to Justice Act needs to be restored. The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act will help ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent as intended under this law. This will bring the transparency and accountability back to a program where it is sorely needed; and that is just as simple and plain as it can get. So I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Georgia has made a very powerful argument for a bipartisan push for transparency and accountability. I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time, and I appreciate the kind words that Chairman GOODLATTE  and my friend, Mr. COLLINS , have tossed my way. We do get along up here, amazingly enough. People think that we all just fight all the time and we have nothing no common. There are some big issues that do divide us, and that is why you have competitive elections with two parties and two different debates. But most folks up here get along, and are friends, and we do have legislation that we can work on, and this is one of those places where Mr. COLLINS and Mr. GOODLATTE and other members of the Judiciary Committee worked with me and others to bring this bill to the floor. The Equal Access to Justice Act will allow Americans to recover attorneys’ fees and costs when they win a lawsuit against the Federal Government. This will enable ordinary citizens, veterans, seniors, small business owners, advocates for clean air and clean water, et cetera, to fight unfair or illegal government actions without fear of having to pay court costs and without fear of having attorneys’ fees that they otherwise might not be able to afford. The law has been a success. However, in 1995, an important reporting requirement was removed from the law, and it made it harder for the public to see how much money the government had awarded. Our bill, H.R. 1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, restores the law’s tracking and reporting requirements of payments awarded so the American people can have access to this important information. It will do this by requiring the group called ACUS, an acronym, which we have too many of up here, but this one is the Administrative Conference of the United States, a highly respected nonpartisan agency which was greatly championed by Justice Scalia, to post in an online database the fees and costs awarded in these cases. The database would also include the number and nature of the claims involved. The availability of this information will help keep the public informed and help Congress to conduct better oversight. I thank my Judiciary Committee colleague, DOUGCOLLINS from Georgia, for his partnership on the bill. I would like to thank Representatives SCHRADER  and COLLIN PETERSON for their support for this bill on our side of the aisle, as well as JASON CHAFFETZ , LIZCHENEY , PAUL GOSAR , and R AUL LABRADOR on the Republican side, as well as Chairman GOODLATTE . And I would like to recall the work of our former colleague, Congresswoman Cynthia Lummis, who had this bill in the past, and we worked together to try to make it a bipartisan effort and pass it. She worked doggedly on the legislation for years, and I know that she will be pleased that we are building upon her efforts. And while she is no longer here, she is truly in a better place, Wyoming, I think it is, a nice place. I urge the House to pass the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. And I was pleased the Cats won. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I do not believe I have any speakers remaining. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to recognize my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. As Mr. COHEN has pointed out, this legislation has been a model of bipartisan collaboration, and the work product shows the investment of both sides in it. So I want to salute everybody for their diligence in helping to craft this important legislation. The gentlemen from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ), as well as our former colleague, the gentlewoman from Wyoming, Ms. Lummis, have cooperatively worked to effectuate a very effective, commonsense bill that will improve the accountability and the transparency of the Federal Government. This is a commendable accomplishment. Accordingly, I would ask all of our colleagues to join us in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1033. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 100. f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as follows: Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President shall immediately disclose his tax return information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ system of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the executive branch of government to the highest standard of transparency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax History Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax return information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an important baseline disclosure because they contain highly instructive information including whether the candidate paid taxes, what they own, what they have borrowed and from whom, whether they have made any charitable donations, and whether they have taken advantage of tax loopholes; Whereas, disclosure of the President’s tax returns could help those investigating Russian influence in the 2016 election understand the President’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, including debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, equity interests, joint ventures or licensing agreements with Russia or Russians; Whereas, The New York Times has reported that President Trump’s close senior advisers, including Carter Page, Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, and General Michael Flynn, have been under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for their ties to the Russian Federation; Whereas, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Interfax, a Russian media outlet, on November 10, 2016 that ‘‘there were contacts’’ with Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign, and it has been reported that members of President Trump’s inner circle were in contact with senior Russian officials throughout the 2016 campaign; Whereas, according to his 2016 candidate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 financial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of Government Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership stake in his businesses; 
Whereas, the director of the nonpartisan Office of Government Ethics said that the President’s plan to transfer his business holdings to a trust managed by family members is ‘‘meaningless’’ and ‘‘does not meet the standards that . . . every president in the past four decades has met’’; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the U.S. Constitution for the express purpose of preventing federal officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, according to The Washington Post, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., has hired a ‘‘director of diplomatic sales’’ to generate highpriced business among foreign leaders and diplomatic delegations; Whereas, according to The New York Times, the President used a legally dubious tax maneuver in 1995 that could have allowed him to avoid paying federal taxes for 18 years; Whereas, the most signed petition on the White House website calls for the release of the President’s tax return information to verify compliance with the Emoluments Clause, with 1,074,000 signatures as of date of this resolution; Whereas, the chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Committee on Taxation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under,Section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Richard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Committee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make public the confidential tax information of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives shall, one, immediately request the tax return information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for review in closed executive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as provided under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives; two, support transparency in government and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from New Jersey to offer the resolution just noticed. Does the gentleman offer the resolution? Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, Mr. Speaker, I offer my resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
RESOLUTION  Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President shall immediately disclose his tax return information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ system of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the Executive Branch of government to the highest standard of transparency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax History Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax return information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an important baseline disclosure/because they contain highly instructive information including whether the candidate paid taxes, what they own, what they have borrowed and from whom, whether they have made any charitable donations, and whether they have taken advantage of tax loopholes; Whereas, disclosure of the President’s tax returns could help those investigating Russian influence in the 2016 election understand the President’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, including debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, equity interests, joint ventures or licensing agreements with Russia or Russians; Whereas, the New York Times has reported that President Trump’s close senior advisers, including Carter Page, Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, and General Michael Flynn, have been under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for their ties to the Russian Federation; Whereas, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Interfax, a Russian media outlet, on November 10, 2016 that ‘‘there were contacts’’ with Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign, and it has been reported that members of President Trump’s inner circle were in contact with senior Russian officials throughout the 2016 campaign; Whereas, according to his 2016 candidate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 financial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of Government Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership stake in his businesses; Whereas, the director of the nonpartisan Office of Government Ethics said that the President’s plan to transfer his business holdings to a trust managed by family members is ‘‘meaningless’’ and ‘‘does not meet the standards . . . that every president in the past four decades has met’’; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the U.S. Constitution for the express purpose of preventing federal officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, according to the Washington Post, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. has hired a ‘‘director of diplomatic sales’’ to generate highpriced business among foreign leaders and diplomatic delegations; Whereas, according to the New York Times, the President used a legally dubious tax maneuver in 1995 that could have allowed him to avoid paying federal taxes for 18 years; Whereas, the most signed petition on the White House website calls for the release of the President’s tax return information to verify compliance with the Emoluments Clause, with 1 million, 74 thousand signatures as of date of this resolution; Whereas, the Chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Committee on Taxation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under Section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Richard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Committee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make public the confidential tax information of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it: Resolved, That the House of Representatives shall— 1. Immediately request the tax return information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for review in closed executive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as provided under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives 2. Support transparency in government and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from New Jersey wish to present argument on the parliamentary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House? Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privileges of the House are ‘‘those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.’’ There is nothing more of a threat to the integrity of this House than ignoring our duty to provide a check and balance to the executive branch. To restore the dignity of the House, we must use our authority to request President Trump’s tax returns and give the American people the transparency they deserve. The American people demand, Mr. Speaker, to know the full scope of the President’s financial background. Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution includes a clause prohibiting foreign emoluments to the President. The Office of Government Ethics—I can’t stress this enough—has warned us about the President’s decision not to divest or set up a blind trust. And there is a need to fully understand the President’s ties to Russia. The resolution I am offering can provide the transparency to help ease the concerns of Americans across the Nation. The Internal Revenue Code includes language laying out a path for the Ways and Means Committee to obtain the tax returns and review them in a respectful manner, and there is the precedent of that provision being used. Mr. Speaker, that decision to put this into the code in 1924 was a result of the very famous scandal of 1923, the Teapot Dome, from Teapot Rock, Wyoming, under President Harding. He died, unfortunately, and never saw the end of this scandal. 
People committed murder in this scandal. People sold off American reserves in this scandal. So, they put it into the IRS Code for a very, very specific reason, so the people have a right to know. A growing number of Members and Senators from both parties have been saying we should have the President’s tax returns. The House must demonstrate—and this is my deep feeling here, not as a Democrat, but as an American citizen, Mr. Speaker—we must demonstrate that its Members are listening to our constituents’ concerns. The House must demonstrate that it cares about protecting the integrity of our government, of our Constitution, of our system of checks and balances. Let’s shine a bright light on the President’s conflicts together, together, as we, as a Congress, and the broader American public can judge whether his decisions are being made for himself, his business interests, or for the greater good of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for your indulgences, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from New Jersey seeks to offer a resolution as a question of the privileges of the House under rule IX. In evaluating the resolution under rule IX, the Chair must determine whether the resolution affects ‘‘the rights of the House collectively, its safety, its dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.’’ As demonstrated by section 706 of the House Rules and Manual, a resolution providing an order of business, such as by directing a committee to meet and conduct certain business, does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the House. The resolution offered by the gentleman from New Jersey directs the Committee on Ways and Means to meet and consider an item of business under the procedures set forth in 26 U.S.C. 6103. Accordingly, the resolution does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the House. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the appeal be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5minute vote on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 863. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 229, noes 185, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Barton Butterfield Crawford Ellison Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Lofgren Meng Messer Rohrabacher Rush Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1927 So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COLTSVILLE NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK DONATION SITE AMENDMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 863) to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, 
and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 369, nays 42, not voting 19, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin 
Abraham Amash Babin Biggs Blum Brat Bridenstine Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Conaway Davidson DesJarlais Flores Garrett Gibbs Granger Griffith Grothman Huizenga Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Loudermilk Marchant Massie Meadows Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Russell Scott, Austin Walberg Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Woodall Yoho Young (AK) 
Barton Bilirakis Butterfield Calvert Collins (NY) Crawford Ellison Gohmert Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Lofgren Meng Messer Rohrabacher Rush Welch Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1934 Messrs. TURNER and CLEAVER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEMBRANCE OF KANSAS SHOOTING VICTIMS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight, heartbroken, with my friends and colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, to honor the life and memory of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, who was shot and killed last week in my district, as well as in support for Alok Madasani, who was injured, and Ian Grillot, whose heroism prevented this senseless tragedy from being much worse. I ask that my colleagues in the Chamber please join me for a moment of silence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Guests in the gallery and Members will please rise for a moment of silence. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, the man who perpetrated the attack in my district last week was filled with hate. He does not represent anything we believe in as Kansans and as Americans. Last night, our community sent the strong message that love will overcome hate. Thousands of concerned citizens in my district came together to support one another and our growing and vibrant Indian community in this time of great tragedy. We showed the world that our diverse political and religious views are what make our community and our country great. Mr. Speaker, in addition to this moment of silence, let us renew our commitment to treating each other with respect and embracing civility in our public discourse. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 998, SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT ARE UNNECESSARILY BURDENSOME ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 83, DISAPPROVING THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO ‘‘CLARIFICATION OF EMPLOYER’S CONTINUING OBLIGATION TO MAKE AND MAINTAIN AN ACCURATE RECORD OF EACH RECORDABLE INJURY AND ILLNESS’’ Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–20) on the resolution (H. Res. 150) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 998) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 83) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIVE LIKE BELLA SUPERHERO 5K RUN/ WALK AND THE RUN, WALK AND STROLL 2K FOR CEREBRAL PALSY IN SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the members of my south Florida community who came out last Saturday to the Live Like Bella Superhero 5K Run/Walk at Zoo Miami. Live Like Bella works every day to fight pediatric cancer through medical research while offering muchneeded support for families and caregivers. I would also like to recognize the Run, Walk and Stroll 2K for Cerebral Palsy that took place in the Village of Palmetto Bay, located in my congressional district, also on Saturday. This walk brought together patients, families, friends, and volunteers to shed light on how cerebral palsy can impact those afflicted and to provide much needed assistance for therapy programs and special needs equipment. Live Like Bella and the Cerebral Palsy Walk are just two of the latest examples of south Floridians banding together to help others. 
MUSLIM AND REFUGEE BAN EXECUTIVE ORDER (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my Republican colleagues to think about the message that President Trump’s Muslim ban sends to our young people. What the President is telling them is that our doors are closed, that the tired, the poor, the persecuted, and the oppressed are no longer welcome. I reject that message, and I am glad to say that I have heard from many young people who reject that message. I want to read from a letter sent by a middle school student from West Orange, New Jersey, in my district. Her name is Calixta. Calixta wrote: ‘‘Immigrants are basically what America is made of. . . . Immigrants work very hard in the country, they get things done. These people fight for their lives.’’ I am glad that Calixta recognizes President Trump’s ban as a threat to American values, but I am concerned that other young people will see it and think it is okay to reject others based on how they look, how they worship, or where they come from. Mr. Speaker, the President’s ban is illogical, it is dangerous, and it sends a terrible message to the young people of this Nation. 
RECOGNIZING RARE DISEASE DAY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rare Disease Day to bring widespread awareness to more than 7,000 rare diseases affecting 30 million Americans. These individual diseases may be rare, but their impact isn’t. On this particular occasion, I want to remember Chloe Barnes from Minnesota, who passed away at the age of 2 from metachromatic leukodystrophy, or MLD. Her family founded Chloe’s Fight, a foundation that is dedicated to supporting research for rare diseases. There is no better person to honor and remember Chloe than her older sister, Eva, who wrote an essay in Chloe’s memory. Eva writes: ‘‘My sister died when she was 2 and this is what happened. My parents were missing a part in their body. I was fine. But my sister Chloe didn’t make it. I don’t like talking about it. Because it makes me very sad. I only tell a few people that she died. She was very funny. I loved her so much. Her name was Chloe. She was very brave. My mom and dad are doing a foundation called Chloe’s Fight. Because every kid should have a chance to fight.’’ Mr. Speaker, we should not only remember those suffering from rare diseases, but we should continue to support initiatives to find new cures and treatments on their behalf. f 
SUPPORTING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, my guest for the President’s speech tomorrow is my constituent, Debbie Trueblood. Debbie reached out to my office to support the Affordable Care Act because she knows firsthand the difference the law can make in people’s lives. Debbie suffers from a rare, potentially lifethreatening genetic condition. The only treatments for the condition are a handful of specialized drugs that can cost more than $100,000 per year. Before the Affordable Care Act, Debbie could have been denied coverage because of her preexisting condition, and she would have faced medical bills greatly exceeding her salary. Because of the Affordable Care Act, Debbie is able to afford the treatment she needs to work, support her family, volunteer in her community, and be of service. Repealing the Affordable Care Act without effectively replacing it would rob millions of people like Debbie not only of their access to health care but also of their ability to contribute to our great Nation. 
b1945 MOURNING THE LOSS OF AMERICAN LIVES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I first start out by mourning the loss of two IndoAmericans in Kansas, friends of all of us. As I left India last week, you can imagine the horror of hearing of this incident by a Trump sympathizer. We must stop the spread of hate. I want to say to them, this community, and the people of India that we in America will stand by them, and we will stand against hate. I, too, want to add my mourning for a second time for the loss of the Navy SEAL who died in Yemen on January 28. I came to the floor some weeks ago to acknowledge my shock and concern about the precipitousness of this effort by the Trump administration in the first days of his administration. I join in asking for a full investigation, the whys, the wheres, the necessity of doing this operation within days of the beginning of the White House term. We don’t take operations with our precious military souls lightly. It is important to be thoughtful and deliberative. Certainly it is important to be ready. It is also important not to signal what you are doing. I understand that. But I can’t understand what happened and the tragic loss of this great Navy SEAL leader. We need answers, and we need them quick from the White House. Give them answers now. Investigate now. f 
THE 2020 PLAN (Mr. CRIST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an innovative effort in my hometown of St. Petersburg, Florida. Known as the 2020 Plan, its goal is simple: to reduce poverty by 30 percent in south St. Petersburg by 2020. The plan connects all aspects of society to promote investment, create jobs, and support families, and it is working. In 2015 alone, the poverty rate in the community dropped by 8.5 percent, compared to 1.6 percent nationally. This effort is truly inspiring. I salute the leadership of Gypsy Gallardo; the Pinellas County Urban League and its president Watson Haynes, my brother; the city of St. Petersburg; and over 100 grassroots community organizations that are working together to reduce poverty in this historically underserved community. Thank you and God bless you. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FORMER MINORITY LEADER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, ROBERT HENRY ‘‘BOB’’ MICHEL Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House; and, further, that it be read in full. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 151 Whereas the death of the late Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Robert H. ‘‘Bob’’ Michel, on February 17, 2017, has created not only a personal loss to his family, his many colleagues, and friends, but also a great loss to the Nation; Whereas Bob Michel led a remarkable life, personally blessed with four children, eight grandchildren, and two great grandchildren; Whereas Bob Michel was born and raised in Peoria, Illinois; Whereas as a young man, Bob Michel joined the United States Army at the height of World War II, landing on the beaches of Normandy and fighting across Europe through the Battle of the Bulge, earning two Bronze Stars, four Battle stars, and the Purple Heart for his wounds; Whereas Bob Michel returned home from Europe, graduated from Bradley University, and embarked on a career in public service that would span 44 years; Whereas Bob Michel was then elected to Congress, going on to serve honorably for 38 years representing Peoria and much of Central Illinois with great distinction, and was chosen by his colleagues to serve them as House Minority Whip, and for 14 years as the elected Republican Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; Whereas Bob Michel’s formidable legislative skills were invaluable in enacting key initiatives of President Reagan and President George H.W. Bush on behalf of the people; Whereas Bob Michel will be long remembered by all for his strong dedication to responsible public service and his love of the people of the United States; Whereas Bob Michel conducted himself as a leader with a commitment to civil discourse, personal dignity, political consensus, and adherence to fundamental human values; Whereas Bob Michel’s public service culminated in the award of the Nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom; and Whereas in the House of Representatives and in his life, Bob Michel’s uncommon decency and generosity of spirit were evident to all who knew and worked with him: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) honors the life, achievements, and distinguished public service of Bob Michel; and (2) expresses its condolences to his family on his passing. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE BOB MICHEL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials in the RECORD on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to honor the life, career, and public service of Robert H. Michel, known as Bob Michel, former Congressman of the 18th District of Illinois and the longest serving Republican leader of the House of Representatives, who passed away earlier this month on Friday, February 17. He was 93 years old. This Thursday, March 2, he would have turned 94. He served in Congress in this institution from 1956 to 1994. To staff, friends, and colleagues, Bob Michel was more than a Congressman and House leader. He was a mentor and largerthanlife person. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to stand before you and our colleagues tonight to recognize the remarkable life of our departed leader and friend. Over the past week I have had the opportunity to hear testimony from friends, family, former colleagues, and the public as they reflect on the reputation of Mr. Michel. Among the many stories that have been told, it has been mentioned time and time again the foundation upon which Bob Michel built his remarkable career and reputation. Throughout Mr. Michel’s 50 years in politics, he never wavered from his values of civility, uncommon decency, and humility. Those values were instilled in him at the earliest age, rooted in his faith and family upbringing, and followed him throughout his life. Bob Michel was born to German and French immigrants in Peoria, Illinois, on March 2, 1923, to Anna and Charles Michel. Hard work and respect were required among the Michel children. After dinner each night, it was mandatory for the Michel household to read the Bible rather than go outside and play. The young Bob Michel was a product of Peoria Public Schools. Bob Michel didn’t come from a privileged background or a family that had money. He held numerous jobs, which played a formidable role in his upbringing, teaching him the rewards of hard work and accountability. His early jobs varied from mowing yards, delivering on two newspaper routes, working in a factory, a tailor shop, and a grocery store. Michel graduated from Peoria High School and attended one semester at Bradley University before enlisting at age 19 as an infantryman in the U.S. Army to fight in World War II. Michel landed in Normandy on the fourth day of the Dday invasion of Europe and fought his way across France and Belgium to the Battle of the Bulge. He was wounded in action and was discharged after earning two Bronze Stars, a Purple Heart, and four Battle Stars. When we talk about the Greatest Generation, Bob Michel was a shining example of the Greatest Generation. Bob Michel would return to Peoria, Illinois, after the war to complete his business administration degree at Bradley University. He joined the a cappella choir there, where he would meet the love of his life, Corinne Woodruff. They were married for 55 years. It was immediately after graduation that Michel’s path into politics started after thenpresident of Bradley University David Owen approached Bob to inform him about a candidate by the name of Harold Velde running for Everett Dirksen’s congressional seat. After interviewing, Velde hired Michel as a staffer. Years later, Michel would go on to replace Velde in the House after he retired, winning a contested fourway primary and defeating his Democratic opponent. Thus began the service of Bob Michel in the U.S. House, which would lead him to rise to the House leadership and serve a stint as minority whip and eventually minority leader for 14 years. Throughout his rise in leadership, Bob Michel remained grounded to his district, never forgetting where he came from. Michel was masterful at building personal relationships and represented the gold standard for public service. That reputation derived from his commonsense approach and midwestern upbringing. This past Saturday, we laid Bob to rest in his hometown of Peoria, Illinois. Bob was remembered at that time and honored as an American hero, a tremendous public servant, a devoted father, husband, and friend. Mr. Speaker, the life of this incredible statesman will never be forgotten, and the legacy he has left behind should serve as a reminder for how we as public servants can continue our work moving forward. Again, I am proud to stand with my colleagues tonight as a successor to Congressman Michel’s seat and to honor our beloved friend, colleague, leader, and mentor. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ), the dean of our Republican delegation. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend, Congressman LAHOOD, for having this tribute tonight. Bob Michel was a giant here in Washington, and he left this world in a manner in which he probably would liked to have—without fanfare, without parades, just going home. As was said, Bob Michel actually served in this House for 38 years. He loved the House of Representatives. He cherished this Chamber and he cherished this institution. He served as minority leader for 14 years in, as he lovingly called it, the people’s House, in this institution he dearly loved. Few are left in this Chamber who actually served with him. It is my hope that Minority Whip HOYER gets to the floor, who served with him. I think STENY also tries to represent that era of time when there were people who disagreed without being disagreeable or who could work across the aisle. I look forward to hearing STENY ’s remarks. Bob was known for his awshucks demeanor and his baritone singing voice. I remember once at a Lincoln Day dinner, when he was leaving and I was running, and the people always wanted him to finish the Lincoln Day dinner singing ‘‘God Bless America.’’ Always. 
It was mandatory. But his awshucks demeanor and his baritone voice should not distract from his keen legislative ability, where he steered the Reagan Revolution through this Chamber as the minority leader. As those of us who have served postBob Michel know, that is a difficult thing to do. Many times you would see Bob Michel wearing his CIB on his lapel pin. For those of us who served in the military, the CIB is one of the most treasured awards because it means he was an infantryman who served in combat. My colleague, Congressman LAHOOD, relayed his service from Normandy to the Battle of the Bulge, meritorious service awards, and wounded in combat. You can see Bob’s presence here in the Chamber. The Speaker’s Office is named the Bob Michel Room. Or go to Peoria—which I was fortunate to go to to attend the funeral—and you will drive across the Bob Michel Bridge. The funeral service was on the campus of Bradley University, and the student union is named after Bob Michel. Bob Michel loved baseball. As an avid player myself, we shared fond memories. I pitched, he pitched. I think he won more games than I did. One flaw in Bob Michel’s character was being a Cubs fan. As a Cardinals fan, I was able to say that. But when all the ceremonies were going on with the Cubs winning the World Series, I finally found that a reason to be happy about the Cubs’ success is that Bob was alive to experience it. In fact, stories over the weekend said he stayed up to see the final play and the final out. There is a great picture of him on his porch flying the W. b2000 Bob was laid to rest in Peoria on Saturday. I remember one of the statements made at the funeral, ‘‘If Pekin is good enough for Senator Dirksen, then Peoria is good enough for me,’’ and there he was laid to rest. My thoughts go out to his sons, Scott and Bruce, and daughters, Robin and Laurie, and also Vicki, who, after Corinne’s death, became a loyal companion. I appreciate this time to reflect. I will end with: You get to meet some great people in this Chamber, and one of those that I will always cherish is my opportunity to get to know and become friends with Leader Bob Michel. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman SHIMKUS for those beautiful words for Leader Michel. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), who shares Peoria, Illinois, with me, Bob Michel’s hometown, and she was also at the funeral on Saturday. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I join with my Illinois colleagues, Mr. SHIMKUS, Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. H ULTGREN , who will speak in just a moment, to recognize the life and the legacy of a great man who dedicated his life to service. For decades, the hardworking men and women of Peoria were proud to have Bob Michel fighting for them in the United States House of Representatives. And even though we were from opposite parties, I learned a lot from Bob Michel, who had been a friend of my family for decades. Like a lot of men and women from his era, Bob Michel believed in America to his core. He believed in the midwestern values that have made our heartland a great place to live, work, and raise a family. Hard work, service, community, and working together to achieve a common good, these are the values that Bob Michel lived by. Bob Michel could have gone into business and become a wealthy man. He could have left Peoria for a big city. He could have done anything he set his sights on. But what Bob Michel did was he decided to give back to the community that had given him so much, and he gave a life of service. It was in 1956 that Bob Michel ran and won his seat representing Peoria and several communities across central Illinois. Even though he went to Washington, Bob Michel’s heart was always in Peoria. He never lost sight of his profound responsibility to the people that he served. For nearly 40 years, he rose through the ranks of Republican leadership to become the longest serving minority leader in our Nation’s history. Even though I might not have agreed with him on every single vote that he cast, Bob Michel proved that you can disagree without being disagreeable. Over the last several days, I have heard from Members from both sides of the aisle about their memories of Leader Michel, and there are several things that we can all agree on. First, if Bob Michel gave you his word, you could always count on it. Second, if you had a good idea, whether you were a Democrat or a Republican, if it helped the families that he represented, you could count on his support. And finally, if he didn’t agree with you on something, well, you could probably count on a fight, but not a fight like we think of it today, certainly not the kind of divisive, personal, and negative partisan battles that have become far too common in Washington. Bob Michel didn’t believe in something like that. He believed in healthy debate, grounded in mutual respect for both sides of the aisle; because, when it gets down to it, all of us are here with the intent of bettering the families that we serve, bettering the communities that we represent, and, of course, bettering our Nation. That is what Bob Michel stood for, and it is why we as a nation come together tonight to mourn his loss. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand along with Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. SHIMKUS , my colleagues in Illinois, in offering the heartfelt condolences of the entire U.S. House of Representatives to Leader Michel’s children, Scott, Bruce, Laurie, and Robin, as well as their families. The city of Peoria will always honor and remember the life of service that Bob Michel gave. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LAHOOD and Congresswoman BUSTOS . It is so good to be here with my friends and colleagues to join in mourning the loss and celebrating the rich life of Illinois’ own Bob Michel, who passed away this month at the age of 93. Bob absolutely embodied a uniquely American combination of decency, civility, a commitment to public service, and a deep patriotism throughout his long life. Observers across the spectrum agree Bob Michel defined public service and bipartisanship during his long tenure in Congress as minority whip and as minority leader. Bob seemed to be uniquely called to the legislature and the legislative process. A workhorse instead of a show horse, Leader Michel steadily pushed forward conservative priorities in the House under both Democratic and Republican Presidents. Building relationships across the aisle and promoting civility and debate helped move legislation through the House Chamber. To him, treating others with respect and care was essential to making deals and moving forward solutions to American problems. And he cared little if he obtained credit for his efforts. As commented in the National Review, Bob ‘‘made little noise, but made things work.’’ Bob was also a patriot. This son of Illinois was a war hero who landed at Utah Beach at Normandy. During the war, he was wounded and awarded two Bronze Stars and the Purple Heart, among other recognitions. He now joins fellow Americans of that Greatest Generation whose humble and steady love for country carried us through difficult seasons. I wish his family peace and hope during their time of mourning. He will be deeply missed. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman HULTGREN for those wonderful words for Leader Michel. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the minority whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Peoria. Well, maybe not exactly Peoria, but Bradley University. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of the most decent, patriotic Americans with whom I have ever served in any legislative body. I had the great honor of being Bob Michel’s friend, the great honor of being his colleague, and the great honor of believing that what Bob Michel represented in this Congress was the best of us, the most decent of us, the most considerate of us, and deeply committed to his country and 
respectful of those with whom he served, perhaps differing with them, but, nevertheless, deeply respectful of his colleagues. He and Tip O’Neill were good friends. They could argue their side and their policies vigorously but be the best of friends after we adjourned that day. I thank my colleague from Illinois for leading this tribute, and I rise to join in remembering this great man, a great American leader, Bob Michel. Mr. Speaker, Bob’s entire life was given to service to his country. From his time in the Army as an infantryman on the front lines of the fight for democracy in the Second World War to his long career in government, Leader Michel sought to make America and the world safer and to protect the American Dream for all of our people. Mr. Speaker, I did not want to lose the majority in 1994, but when we lost, I lamented the fact that Bob Michel did not become the Speaker of the House of Representatives. In my opinion, if he had, America would be a more civil place today and this body would be a more collegial body than it is. I want to congratulate the gentleman who represents Bob Michel’s district now, succeeding in that office, his father, who is a very dear and close friend of mine. All three of them represented the best of that which America hopes would serve it well. Bob Michel and I didn’t always agree on policy, Mr. Speaker, but as colleagues, we worked together to reach consensus and achieve results. I remember in 1989 when Tony Coelho and I were working to pass the House’s version of what would become the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act. It was Bob Michel who saw how important this legislation would be and asked my friend, Steve Bartlett from Texas to work with me, from the Republican side of the aisle, to achieve a bipartisan version that could become law. That is how Bob Michel operated. This House would be a better House if we followed the example of Bob Michel. He saw a problem and looked for a way we could come together around a compromised solution, not focused first on confrontation. His decency and friendliness were as evident as his seriousness as a legislator. As Republican whip and leader, he set an example of how to lead an effective opposition based not on obstruction, but on identifying ways to work together to achieve common goals. To that extent, and in so many other ways, as I have said, Bob Michel represented the best of us. Now, Bob, Mr. Speaker, could be tough. He could be really tough. He knew how to defend his party’s interests and advance its goals in the minority. But Bob believed strongly that we who are sent here by our constituents have, first and foremost, a responsibility to make policy, not to play politics. And that is how Bob Michel served—by always, always, always putting country first. Mr. Speaker, I hope his example will be an inspiration to all who serve today. I join in extending my condolences to Bob’s children—Scott, Bruce, Robin, and Laurie—and the entire Michel family. I join the people of Illinois’ 18th District in mourning the man who was their champion for so many years. Illinois, this House, and our country lost a great light, but one, I hope, that will continue to shine through its reflection in those whom Bob Michel inspired. I was one of those. We will miss him. There aren’t enough Bob Michels. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Leader Hoyer for those warm words and inspiring words and heartfelt words for Leader Michel. It means so much for his family, for all of us in Peoria, and for all of his colleagues. I want to thank everybody here tonight from the Illinois delegation that spoke so fondly about Mr. Michel. When we think about the traits that he exemplified—integrity, sincerity, humility, genuineness, and civility—that everybody talked about here tonight, I think it is also important to remember where he came from in Illinois. The congressional district that he represented, the 18th Congressional District, was the same district that Congressman Abraham Lincoln represented from 1847 to 1849. It is also the same congressional district that Everett Dirksen represented and that Bob Michel represented for 38 years, and you think about the values that they all exemplified, those strong midwestern values they never forgot. The other thing that is unique about all three is they were all buried within 1 hour of each other. Oak Ridge Cemetery, President Lincoln; Pekin Cemetery, Everett Dirksen; and this last weekend, Leader Michel in Peoria, Illinois. Bob Michel could have been buried in Arlington Cemetery in a beautiful grave, but he chose to be buried next to the love of his life in Peoria, Illinois. That says a lot about the person that he was. I think it is unique that, within an hour’s drive, you can go see all three of their graves, but I think it reflects the midwestern values that he had and those traits. b2015 The other thing that I just want to mention here in closing is that he served his 14 years as the Republican leader, the longest of anyone in this institution as a leader of the minority party. But he also had a number of people that he mentored and tutored: from Jack Kemp, to Trent Lott, to Dick Cheney, to Newt Gingrich; people that served under him, and he mentored in their positions, and that should not be lost. Bob Michel was a conservative Republican, but the way that he went about the work that he did, his style of civility and treating friend and foe alike, and being able to work across party lines when he needed to made this institution a better place. We need more people like Bob Michel in public service. He is a shining example of what public service should be. I couldn’t be prouder to serve in the same congressional district that he represented for 38 years. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, he made us proud to be from Peoria, Illinois. He made this institution a better place. He made this country a better place by his service of over 50 years. Tonight we say: Mr. Leader, rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor former Congressman, respected mentor, and good friend Bob Michel. Bob was a war hero earning two Bronze Stars, the Purple Heart, and four battle stars. He was also one of the most respected members of Congress of all time. His 38 years of service in the U.S. House of Representatives and the incredible footprint he left on Central Illinois and this country will never be forgotten. Bob’s ability to reach across the aisle to make a divided government work for the people he represented was second to none, a trait we should all strive to emulate each day. Bob taught me that bipartisanship matters and working together to get things done is even more important in the polarized environment we have today. That’s where Bob Michel excelled and that’s the legacy I’m going to remember. Finally, Bob taught me to be myself, to always do what I think is right for my constituents, and to not be afraid to go home and explain why I voted the way I did. I was honored to attend Bob’s funeral this past Saturday, along with many others who knew and loved him. My thoughts and prayers are with his family. He will truly be missed. 
CBC/SOCIAL JUSTICE MOVEMENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUTHERFORD ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, the CBC chair, Mr. CEDRIC RICHMOND , and myself have a great honor that I rise today as one of the anchors of the CBC, the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour. For the next 60 minutes I have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, Congress, the constituents we represent, and all Americans. During this hour, as Black History Month ends in the next day, we believe it is important for this Congress and 
for the people of America to hear about the great importance of grassroots movements, which have been the fortifying effect of the civil rights movements and other movements here in this country, and have made this country very great. At this time I would yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, who will speak on this subject matter here on the floor. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, STACEY PLASKETT  from the Virgin Islands, for taking this assignment and making sure that the Congressional Black Caucus continues its conversation with America, and to inform people on issues that are important to us, and also reflecting on how important AfricanAmerican history is, not just to us, but to this country. It is AfricanAmerican history that made this country great in the first place. How our civil rights groups and people of the same kind, not necessarily the same color, came together to make this a more perfect union. So today what I wanted to do was actually talk about some of the civil rights organizations that changed this country, made it better, made it possible for me to be here, and compare and talk about some of the movements that we see today that are making some of the same differences for the next generation. It is just a shame that in 2017 we are still fighting the same fights we fought 50 years ago for voting rights, for equality, and all of those things. So when I say I want to talk about some of those organizations, I want to talk about organizations like SCLC, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference; or CORE, the Congress of Racial Equality; or SNCC, the Student NonViolent Coordinating Committee. They all played an important role in launching grassroots movements that succeeded in ensuring more equality for African Americans. Sitins, bus boycotts, marches, voter registration drives, and other protests—these grassroots movements spread across the South, including my home State of Louisiana. Let’s just talk about one specific incident. September 9, 1960, the Woolworth store lunch counter in New Orleans closed early. What was the reason? Seven members of the Congress of Racial Equality, five Black students and two White students, decided to hold a sitin demonstration to protest Jim Crow. This was the firstever sitin in the city. The seven students were like so many other students across the South at the time who were using nonviolent action to change the country. In fact, let me read their names because many of them I knew. In fact, one, Jerome Smith, who was a Southern University student the year before, is actually still on the battlefield in Louisiana not only coaching Little League, but fighting for criminal justice reform and financial and economic equality. You also had Rudy Lombard from Xavier University, a freedom fighter; Archie Allen from Dillard University; Bill Harrell from Tulane; William Harper, who was at LSU; Hugh Murray, who was also at Tulane; and Joyce Taylor, who intended to enroll at Southern University. Fortunately, unlike others who held sitins, these seven Southern students didn’t have milkshakes thrown on them. They were not beaten or bloodied. The seven students sat down at 10:30. Six police officers were on hand to keep the peace and did not try to remove the students. The students sat there determined for 2 hours. Because of the demonstration, Woolworth blinked first. They decided to close early that day and they closed at 12:30, after the students had sat there for 2 hours. These seven students and so many other civil rights activists are the shoulders on which we all stand. Unfortunately, the fight for equality is not over. We see this most clearly when we look at our criminal justice system. To date, the organization Black Lives Matter has launched a grassroots movement that has succeeded in exposing police brutality and making it frontpage news. The movement began in 2012, after the death of Trayvon Martin, who was killed by a neighborhood watchman on February 26, 2012. I would be remiss if I did not mention that yesterday was the fifth anniversary of Trayvon Martin’s death. Black Lives Matter is focused on all of the ways Black people are disempowered by the State, including police brutality. In addition to exposing police brutality and making it frontpage news, Black Lives Matter, like the organizations during the civil rights movement, has attracted a diverse coalition of supporters. The reality is not lost on African Americans. As I mentioned before, two of the protesters who sat in at the Woolworth store in Louisiana were White. If you go back to Philadelphia, Mississippi, where they found the three bodies of the civil rights workers who were registering people to vote, you saw Goodman, Chaney and Schwerner— one African American and two White Americans—who stuck together fighting in justice. Dr. King said so eloquently: ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ So as we talk about our organizations like SNCC, CORE, and SCLC, and we talk about Black Lives Matter, it reminds me of the time when Dr. King was sitting in the Birmingham jail, and seven—eight White religious leaders in the South criticized Dr. King, asking: Why he couldn’t wait. Why did he have to force the issue? And why, as an outsider, he was down in Birmingham? Dr. King responded and initially said: ‘‘I don’t usually answer criticism because I would be doing it all day, but because I believe you to be eight men of goodwill, I will take the time to answer.’’ I just want to read you an excerpt of his answer because I think it is so appropriate when we think of our groups that are coming up now. He said: ‘‘I think I should give the reason for my being in Birmingham, since you have been influenced by the argument of ‘outsiders coming in.’ I have the honor of serving as president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, an organization operating in every Southern state, with headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia.’’ It then goes on to say: ‘‘So I am here, along with several members of my staff, because we were invited here. I am here because I have basic organizational ties here.’’ Then he goes on to say: ‘‘Beyond this, I am in Birmingham because injustice is here. Just as the eighthcentury prophets left their little villages and carried their ‘thus saith the Lord’ far beyond the boundaries of their hometowns; and just as the Apostle Paul left his little village of Tarsus and carried the gospel of Jesus Christ to practically every hamlet and city of the GrecoRoman world, I too am compelled to carry the gospel of freedom beyond my particular hometown. Like Paul, I must constantly respond to the Macedonian call for aid.’’ So when you think of Black Lives Matter and other protests, the first comment is: We are outside agitators; why are they here? They are here because injustice is here. So all marginalized groups must stand together in the fight against injustice. This was important during the civil rights movement and it is important now. In that spirit, African Americans fully recognize the importance of not only joining movements in support of their rights, but also joining movements in support of the rights of others. Standing Rock: Most recently, African Americans and others have stood with Native Americans at Standing Rock to protest the Dakota Access pipeline. The Muslim ban: We have stood with the Muslim community to protest the Trump administration’s controversial Muslim ban. Then there was the Women’s March, which was led by a diverse coalition of organizers and attracted millions of protesters across the Nation and the world to protest sexism and other gender issues. African Americans participated in the march, including several members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Then we can talk about indivisible. African Americans and others have stood with their fellow constituents at recent townhalls to make sure that their Congressman or Congresswoman hears their voices on the Affordable Care Act and other issues. Some of 
these exercises in civic participation have been inspired by the guidebook ‘‘Indivisible,’’ which, as the authors state, provides best practices on getting elected officials to listen. Then there is Moral Mondays with Reverend William Barber. It began in 2013 after the Republicans took over the Governor’s mansion and State legislature in the Tar Heel State for the first time in more than a century. On what was supposed to be the first and only Monday protest, Barber led a small group of clergy and activists to the State legislature to protest the State Republicans’ efforts to block Medicaid expansion, cut unemployment benefits, and roll back voting rights. The next Monday, hundreds of protesters showed up, and hundreds soon became thousands. These protests became known as Moral Mondays, and they eventually spread across the South. So let me just say that from SCLC to SNCC, to CORE, to ‘‘Indivisible,’’ to Moral Mondays and Reverend Barber, to Black Lives Matter, people of like mind that fight for justice come together. And that, we learned from the civil rights movement, and that is our contribution to date to Black History Month and celebrating that civil protests and civil disobedience can change and make this a more perfect union. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I really was moved by the portion that Mr. RICHMOND talked about concerning outsiders coming to organizations and coming to protests, and saying possibly that they are outsiders. No. We are all American, and we will join with other individuals in other areas that need our support and feel oppressed, and feel that justice has not been on our side. That has been the Black American experience. That is the American experience of civil protests and working for a more perfect union. Mr. Speaker, I yield time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), who also wants to speak about, as we close Black History Month, some of the accomplishments of Black Americans, of the Black movement here in the United States as we move to becoming a more perfect union, and how grassroots organizations have played a part in that role. b2030 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for leading this Special Order hour on the topic of Black History Month. We have been doing this together and doing a really great job. I appreciate everything that the gentlewoman brings and the remarks she has made during this Black History Month time because it really is a time for us to reflect about the gains that have been made, about the progress that has been made. It is also a time to see where we can make some improvements, where we can make our Nation a more perfect Union, as we really look at things and not pretend that certain things don’t exist, to really use history, use present day and see where we can come together, form some public policy to really get the country moving forward and be inclusive for all people. I think that is so important. For a long time now, one of the areas—it has been talked a lot about when it comes to civil rights—is grassroots and how those grassroots movements within the AfricanAmerican community, particularly from a Black history perspective, really changed things here in our country. For a long time, African Americans have long fought for the right for a fair chance of livable wages, improvement of onthejob conditions, and the ability to provide basic necessities for our families, whether it was wages, fairness in working conditions. That was always one of the rights that we fought very hard for. Access to these basic rights that I just mentioned and privileges would not have been possible without groups of dedicated organizers working together to fight on behalf of larger progress. The right to organize is not a new theory for change. Since reconstruction, organizing has helped level the playing field for all and continues to drive much of our Nation’s progress. The weekends that we enjoy, a lot of people—particularly when I was growing up in the Black community in Fort Worth, people looked forward to that end of the week. People looked forward to that gettingoff time, that 40 hours a week. Those things were fought for. Those were gains that were made by sacrifice, by grassroots organizing. Much of that was done in the African American community. We know that even around the issue of progress and labor issues that much of it was tainted by race. Organized labor has been such a big part of the advancement of the AfricanAmerican community. Early on, there were some issues with some trade organizations that were established by White workers, and African Americans had a hard time gaining their footing in those areas. As a result of that, Black workers continued to push and organize. I think about one of Dr. King’s quotes. It is one of my favorite quotes that he gave that is not mentioned that often. He was speaking to a group of laundry workers in 1962. Dr. King said this to the laundry workers. He said: ‘‘As I have said many times, and believe with all my heart, the coalition that can have the greatest impact in the circle for human dignity here in America is that of the Negro and the forces of labor, because their fortunes are so closely intertwined.’’ More importantly, when Dr. King gave that speech, he wanted people to know that, not only are professional jobs, whitecollar jobs, important, but he wanted the people that worked in that laundry room to know that their job was important, too. He pushed for people, no matter whether they were garbage workers, sanitation workers, laundry workers, whatever they happened to be in life, to make sure that they had certain basic rights and privileges that other groups in this country enjoyed because he knew that that was going to be the vehicle that was going to provide economic mobility, upward mobility for the AfricanAmerican community. The very principle of economic opportunity for African Americans laid the groundwork for the civil rights movement that Dr. King was such a big part of. And we know that that played a big part in Dr. King and what happened during his death in 1968. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) knows that people like he and I would never be here, never have been able to be educated without people who worked in laundry rooms, who were bluecollar workers, policemen, others. Those gains from Dr. King have afforded education and support and home ownership to the first group of Black Americans who moved into the middle class and are here in Congress now. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ). Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, so many people that I have memories of, some are still here and some are gone, but they really laid the foundation for a Black middle class. Maybe Granddaddy worked at the school and Grandmother worked at someone’s house or maybe they were fortunate enough to have two good labor jobs where they made union wages, but it laid that groundwork for the foundation that we have today. Dr. King was obviously a big part of that. Sadly, on April 4, 1968, he paid his life supporting the sanitation workers in Memphis, trying to push for them to have better wages. When Dr. King died, it wasn’t about trying to open up a restaurant to make sure that all people had access to that restaurant or some other place, to make sure that people could ride on the bus; it was to make sure that people had equal opportunity in this country, again, equal opportunity for upward mobility, equal opportunity to be able to take care of their families. I just really appreciate everything that he did. We need to continue to mobilize and organize grassroots efforts around the income inequality in this country. The income inequality that we have in this country is very, very real. You see productivity rising in our country. You see companies recording record productivity, but wages are stagnant. There used to be a time in this country that wages would go up when productivity of companies went up, and we are not seeing that anymore. I think that is really, really sad. We need to organize around that because all people need the opportunity 
to be able to advance as the country advances and as industry advances. I think that that is a big part of that. Again, I thank all our colleagues that have come here tonight to organize, to carry the torch. We need to continue to find different ways that we can use grassroots movements in this country, not just looking back and reflecting on previous grassroots and events, but how we can learn from that history and how we can mobilize people today to better America, to better wages for all communities, for the AfricanAmerican community, of course, as we celebrate and come toward the end of Black History Month, but Latino communities, White communities, people in the Rust Belt, and AfricanAmerican communities in places like Gary, Indiana, that really saw their fortunes hurt more than many other parts of the country. We need to get together and work on that. So I want to thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ). I know we have some other colleagues who are going to speak here tonight, and I thank them for being a part of this day. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) to speak on the issue of grassroots organizations. I thank the gentleman for his leadership, all the work that he has done for the people of Philadelphia in his tenure. We welcome him here to the CBC hour and the information that he is going to share with us, as well as all Americans, on this topic. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, in 1976, the United States Government officially recognized Black History Month. Every February since, we take the time to reflect on the contributions African Americans have made to this great Nation. We stand on the shoulders of those who have paved the way not only for African Americans, but for all Americans: individuals such as Shirley Chisholm, who once was a Member of this body and the first AfricanAmerican woman elected to the United States Congress; Congressman Parren Mitchell; Justice Thurgood Marshall; and my personal hero, Reverend Leon H. Sullivan, a civil rights leader and a social activist who understood jobs were the key to economic development and empowerment of African Americans. Reverend Sullivan had a very simple statement: ‘‘Don’t buy where you don’t work.’’ That is what Reverend Sullivan said: ‘‘Don’t buy where you don’t work.’’ Reverend Sullivan, who was on the board of General Motors, started something called OIC, that we all know about, in 1964. I was 10 years old when Reverend Sullivan started OIC Industrial Center. Reverend Sullivan led a movement, a movement that 400 ministers led against a baking company in the city of Philadelphia called Tastykake. That is where he said: ‘‘Don’t buy where you don’t work.’’ That is a message that is still very relevant to where we are today. It is clear that we need to change the dynamics of this economic structure. Despite the strides that some have made in our country, we still have a long way to go to make our country a more perfect Union. Tonight, we want to ensure that those who have joined, specifically at the grassroots, in the quest for justice and equality understand that we are still fighting. Communities across our Nation are struggling, and we have to continue to fight against policies and actions that will negatively impact them, including the repeal and inadequate replacement of the Affordable Care Act. Constituents in my district rely on the Affordable Care Act heavily, and dismantling this law will be devastating and result in the loss of jobs. Those in my district want us to understand the hardships they are going through; thus, we must all ensure that we listen to the concerns of our communities. I personally made it a point to visit hospitals, attend rallies, visit colleges, and reach out to the community. I serve because it is my job. I was elected to represent the people. We stand united with those at the grassroots movement who are fighting for justice for all. Colleagues, let’s continue to join with those who are pushing in the right direction, not just on Black History Month, but every month and every day and every moment. This is a rather unique opportunity in history, and we all can play a role in the change in the effort. I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Black Caucus and to be standing with my colleagues here today, pushing the message and the conscience of this country that we are still not finished. From those whom I just mentioned and the shoulders that we stand on, we still have a lot of work. I thank both of my colleagues for leading this effort and demonstrating it. I thank the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus for his leadership. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), who is also a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, who formerly led this Special Order hour and has been really a great mentor and support for us here in this time. She will also speak about some of the grassroots work that has been going on in the present time as well as in the past during this Special Order hour. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, some would conclude that Black History Month comes to a close because we are at the end of February, but the Congressional Black Caucus wants the Nation to know that we are prepared to share our agenda all year long. The Congressional Black Caucus comes to the House floor tonight to commemorate those brave men and women who came before us to fight for justice, equality, civil rights, and voting rights for all. These are men and women who shaped our Nation in the hope it would one day become a more perfect Union for all Americans, no matter their creed or color. b2045 I want to thank our Congressional Black Caucus chairman, Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND , and our Special Order Hour coanchors, Congresswoman Stacy Plaskett and Congressman MARC VEASEY , my classmate, for hosting tonight’s important discussion. Mr. Speaker, you see, I grew up reading about soldiers of justice like Frederick Douglass, Harriet Tubman, Sojourner Truth, Nat Turner, Crispus Attucks, and so many more. Then, Mr. Speaker, I lived through the legacy of legends and civil rights leaders like Rosa Parks, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Coretta Scott King, Malcolm X and Betty Shabazz, Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, Maya Angelou, James Baldwin, and Fannie Lou Hamer, all heroes and sheroes that allowed me to stand on their shoulders, to stand with them to continue to fight for justice and equality. Today, we stand up during Black History Month, as 49 members of the Congressional Black Caucus, 49 strong, making our place in American history as African Americans, members like the iconic Assistant Leader JAMES CLYBURN , who you will hear from tonight; Congressman JOHN LEWIS; Chairman CEDRIC RICHMOND ; Congresswoman MAXINE WATERS , who serves as the ranking member on the prestigious Financial Services Committee; Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE , the 21st national president of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority; Senator KAMALA HARRIS , the second Black woman to serve in the United States Senate; Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY , chairwoman of our healthcare brain trust; and so many more who serve in Congress, and who served as mayors of cities, mayors like Congressman EMANUEL CLEAVER , Congresswoman BRENDA LAWRENCE , and so many more. You see, Mr. Speaker, we are a part of that history. We are fighting. And so I tell you, I end with one of my favorite quotes by Martin Luther King, Jr.: ‘‘The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that we are in a challenging time with the new Trump administration, and so I say to you, we are fighting, we are uniting in a movement to fight for our democracy. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the assistant leader of the Democratic Caucus, for him to speak on the matter that is before the House at this time, that being, grassroots movements in Black history and 
its importance and relevance for us here today. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me and for the work she does with this Special Order. And I thank my friend from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), for allowing me to participate. Mr. Speaker, thanks to the scholarship of Dr. Carter G. Woodson, and the perseverance of the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, we continue to lift up the contributions of and achievements of Black Americans. The celebration of Black History Month has its roots in Black History Week, established back in 1926; and because of the urgings of Carter G. Woodson, the week was selected to be the second week of February in order to embrace the birthdays of Frederick Douglass and Abraham Lincoln. Now, later, in fact, in 1969, students at Kent State University, after having experienced some turmoil on their campus back in 1968, as it took place on campuses in other places across the country—Jackson State in Mississippi, South Carolina State in South Carolina—students at Kent State decided, as a part of their redress, to expand the week to a month. So they, in 1970, celebrated what they called Black History Month. Now, 6 years later, President Gerald Ford signed legislation creating Black History Month. When he signed that legislation, he said it was to honor the toooften neglected accomplishments of Black Americans. The Association for the Study of African American Life and History is entrusted with the celebration every year, and it falls upon them to select a theme for each year. This year they have selected the theme which I think is very timely, ‘‘The Crisis in Black Education.’’ Having started my professional career as a public school teacher, I totally embrace this particular topic for this year. Throughout our history, especially postCivil War history, there has always been a focus on Black education. As we all know, slaves were not allowed to be educated, and, as a result, when the Civil War came to a close, there was this big push to get the former slaves educated. One of the leaders of that push was one of my heroes, Robert Smalls. Robert Smalls, though he was not allowed to be educated himself because he was born into slavery, used his Godgiven intellect to study the currents of the Charleston Harbor and to study the whistles that were used on the ship that he was working on as a slave. He decided that he could, at some point, find his way to freedom. Because he learned those currents so well, and because he became very proficient at studying the sounds of the whistles on the ships, one night, when the opportunity presented itself, he absconded The Planter that he was working on, navigated the waters out of the Charleston Harbor, picked up his wife and friends, and sailed them into freedom. And when he delivered that ship to the Union soldiers, he was rewarded with his freedom and a cash award. Robert Smalls, after the war, went back to Beaufort and, in 1867, founded a school to educate the newly freed slaves. He also participated as a delegate to the 1868 South Carolina Constitutional Convention, and in that Convention, he authored and got passed a resolution that created the first free public schools for all in America. He turned his wealth—or his financial reward into great wealth. And also, he became a very, I would say, successful politician. He served 10 years in the South Carolina Legislature and a total of 10 years here in this House of Representatives. While he was participating in politics, Robert Smalls authored a piece of legislation that created what is now South Carolina State University. Therein lies a part of my presentation I would like to concentrate on tonight. When South Carolina State University was created—I want to first get people to understand, there are more than 100 Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the country. Now, there is a difference between—we commonly call them HBCUs. There is a difference between an HBCU and what we call an MSI, a Minority Serving Institution. All HBCUs are MSIs, but not all MSIs are HBCUs, simply because the definition means that you must have been in existence before 1964. We have had a lot of Minority Serving Institutions that have been created since 1964; to name just a few, Malcolm X College, Medgar Evers College. These are all Minority Serving Institutions. There are a lot of Hispanic Serving Institutions, but they are not necessarily HBCUs. The reason I point this out, because here in this Congress, in this body, currently, 19 members of the Congressional Black Caucus are graduates of HBCUs. Now, the reason I point this out is because I think it is necessary for us to understand the role that these colleges and universities play in our society. I often spend a lot of time with friends, many of whom are graduates of HBCUs, and I knew Astronaut Ronald McNair very well. I have a good friend, a cardiologist, recently retired, David Dowdy. I also have a friend, a California businesswoman who I interact with quite a bit, Janice Howroyd. All three of these people graduated from North Carolina A&T State University. I have talked a lot with another former Member, Carrie Meek, a former Member of Congress; her son, Kendrick Meek; former Congresswoman Corrine Brown; and the chairman of the board of Microsoft, John Thompson. All four of these individuals are graduates of Florida A&M University, an HBCU. These are people who have made significant and are making significant contributions in our thrust toward a more perfect union. I came before this body several times the week before last highlighting some of the HBCUs that are in my congressional district. Of the more than 100 in the country, 8 of them are in South Carolina. Seven are in my congressional district. I talked about six of them when I came before this body before. Tonight I want to close out my discussion of these HBCUs by talking about two of them, Claflin University and South Carolina State University, both located adjacent to each other in Orangeburg, South Carolina. b2100 Now, Claflin University was founded in 1869, by Methodist missionaries to provide education for newly freed slaves in order to prepare them for full citizenship. The university was named for William Claflin, thenGovernor of Massachusetts, and his father, Lee Claflin, both prominent abolitionists and Methodists. They provided a large portion of the funds needed to purchase the land for the campus. Claflin is the oldest Historically Black College in South Carolina. In its beginning, it had a law school which was headed by former South Carolina Supreme Court Justice Jonathan Jasper Wright, the first African American to serve on South Carolina’s highest court. In 1948, under the leadership of its first alumnus to serve as president, Dr. John Seabrook, Claflin was accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. It has always featured a strong music program, and the Claflin University collegiate choir performed at the 1965 World’s Fair in New York. Claflin graduate and Kingstree, South Carolina native, Dr. Henry Tisdale has served as the university’s president since 1994. Under his leadership, Claflin has thrived and grown to new heights. He has built Claflin to an enrollment of almost 2,000 students and consistently seen it ranked in the top 10 nationally for HBCUs. In 1999, through funds from the HBCU Historic Preservation program by this body, the historic Ministers’ Hall was restored. The auditorium at Ministers’ Hall was named for former Chief Justice Ernest A. Finney, one of Claflin’s most notable graduates. Finney graduated from South Carolina State’s law school and would go on to serve on the South Carolina Supreme Court from 1985 through 2000, including 6 years as Chief Justice. Early in his career, Ernest Finney represented the Friendship 9, a group of Rock Hill students who were jailed in 1961 for a sitin in McCrory’s lunch counter. In 2015, Finney represented the surviving eight members of this group to see their convictions overturned—54 years after they were originally prosecuted. Claflin is still affiliated with the United Methodist Church and offers multiple master’s degrees, as well as a highly regarded honors program. For 148 years, Claflin has been a beacon of 
hope and a place of refuge for those who desired a quality education regardless of race and/or gender. Mr. Speaker, the final HBCU in this series is my alma mater, South Carolina State University. South Carolina State University has its roots in the Morrill Acts, the first of which was passed by Congress in 1862. The Morrill Act of 1862 created land grant colleges, a system of agriculture, science, and engineering and military science schools. One of the schools established under this law was Clemson University. But after Reconstruction ended, Southern States refused to admit African Americans to these institutions; consequently, Congress passed a second Morrill Act in 1890, which stipulated that Blacks must be included in the land grant system. Southern States had the choice to either admit Blacks to the 1862 institutions or create new land grant institutions which would be open to Blacks. In South Carolina, by the 1890s, White supremacists had gained total control over State government. Though the State was still majority African American, through illegal and violent intimidation, extreme voter suppression, and outright fraud, Benjamin Tillman was elected Governor in 1890. The Constitutional Convention of 1895 subsequently codified White supremacy and the disenfranchisement of African Americans into the State’s system of governance. When the United States Supreme Court sanctioned segregation the following year in Plessy v. Ferguson, segregation was firmly the law of the land. This was the context for the founding, in 1896, of the Colored Normal, Industrial, Agricultural and Mechanical College of South Carolina, as South Carolina State was originally named. The State of South Carolina continued to resist but relented when land was acquired from Claflin University, and the campus of what is now known as South Carolina State University was born. It continues to be the only publicly supported HBCU in South Carolina. Now, I know, Mr. Speaker, that I have consumed a lot of time, and I don’t want to take all of the time from my colleagues, so let me just close by saying this: South Carolina State’s first president was a man named Thomas E. Miller who served as a Member of this body. Thomas Miller guided the school for several years. Notable graduates of this institution are folks like Dr. Benjamin Mays, the noted president of Morehouse College. South Carolina State has a reputation as producing more AfricanAmerican general officers than any other school in this country. I entered South Carolina State in 1957, and, of course, I was there during the turbulent sixties. It was my great honor to help organize the first sitin in South Carolina. You talk about grassroots. That took place on March 15, 1960. Now, I was jailed as a result of that sitin, but it just so happens that sometimes good things can come out of jail. While I was there, a young lady came to bring food. I was so grateful for that hamburger she gave me, I married her 18 months later, and if all goes well, come June 24, she and I will celebrate our 56th wedding anniversary. Now, when all of these cases took place growing out of these demonstrations and sitins, one stands out which I will close with. I mentioned Kent State in 1968, Jackson State, and South Carolina State. A lot of people have heard of Kent State. Few people know about the deaths of three students and the injuries of 27 others in an incident called the Orangeburg massacre that took place in 1968, all over the integration of a bowling alley. Mr. Speaker, I am going to close my comments by thanking the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for giving me this opportunity and the gentleman from Texas and thank them very much for highlighting Black History Month. Mr. Speaker, it is impossible for me to really share the real impact that schools like Claflin, South Carolina State, and the over 100 other HBCUs have had on our great country. But, as I conclude our observance of Black History Month, I salute all of them and thank them for the indelible mark that they have made on the fabric of our Nation. Ms. PLASKETT. I thank you so much, Mr. JAMES CLYBURN . There can never be enough time for you to tell these stories and to educate and highlight to all of us the experiences that you have had personally, as well as the importance of Black History Month, and particularly Historically Black Colleges and Universities to the fabric of the United States. Thank you so much, sir. Mr. Speaker, as we have been discussing, often grassroots organizations are actually born out of necessity, not only because the system has not worked for them oftentimes, but sometimes because the system has been created, has been reorganized, or is actively fighting against them. Virgin Islanders understand the importance and the value of grassroots organizations. It is our nature and our lifeblood. We are a small people on a small island who have a history that was born out of oppression. So the very need for grassroots organizations and people who are resilient and willing to resist and fight in a passionate manner has been our very nature. Our first experience with grassroots organizations was in 1733, on the island of St. John in the Virgin Islands, which is probably the first slave uprising in the Western Hemisphere where a group of 150 slaves decided that they had had enough, and those Akwamu slaves of Ghana decided that they were going to throw off the shackles and rebel and organize themselves. They were so effective at it, Mr. Speaker, that they were able to hold the island of St. John for 6 months against the Danish Government. The Danes had to organize in such a manner that they brought the French and the Swiss Government to provide assistance to them. The slaves of St. John were quelled after that rebellion, but it took a grassroots group of organized individuals to be able to do that. Again, on July 3 of 1848, many people don’t know that the Virgin Islands became the second place in the Western Hemisphere to receive emancipation after Haiti. We did that on July 3, 1848, through the work of General Buddhoe. But what people do not know is that John Buddhoe had an enormous organizational group that plotted and planned for months before the actual staging of that uprising, which was so effective and so organized that when they went to storm the fort against an armed militia, the militia didn’t realize that all of the gun powder had been taken out of the cannons and had been replaced with molasses. The slaves were so organized and so quiet and kept to themselves so much that they didn’t even realize that it had been done. The Governor of Denmark who was assigned to the Virgin Islands had to sign the emancipation on that date because he knew that this group of people were so organized that that rebellion could take the entire island out. So we received our emancipation earlier than the African Americans received theirs through that organization of grassroots. Again, in October of 1878, the slaves had been moved not from slavery to slavery but to an organized serfdom where there were labor contracts that had to be signed. People were oppressed and living in what many here would understand as the sharecropping system but was really a serf system. Four women organized the labor rebellion at that time which we in the Virgin Islands call the Fireburn. They were willing to burn the islands down for just wages for themselves and laborers throughout the islands. They forced the signed contracts to have much better wage laws in them, much better terms in them for individuals. Those women were imprisoned and sent to Denmark—many of them burned at the stake for that rebellion. But it was grassroots organizations that were able to do that. More recently, in the 1950s, there was the creation of the Virgin Islands Labor Union, the organizing of cane workers and field workers. I am proud to say that my own uncle, Raymond Plaskett, was one of the organizers of that. They were able to force the sugar plantation owners, the sugar industry, to sit down and create unionized, collective bargaining labels. But we would be remiss as a people if we kept those organizational skills to ourselves, and we brought that to the United States as well. Many people know about Denmark Vesey who organized slave rebellions in 
South Carolina. He did that as a freeman, coming from the Virgin Islands and understanding that oppression anywhere of anyone was an oppression of himself, and gladly laid down his life and gave up his freedom to help organize the people of Charleston, South Carolina, that my great colleague, JAMES CLYBURN , represents to bring freedom to those individuals. Hubert Harrison from the island of St. Croix was a civil rights activist. He was the mind of PanAfricanism, along with Edward Blyden of St. Thomas, who gave form and shape to Marcus Garvey and his organizing of his Back toAfrica movement. b2115 More recently, Roy Innis, another relative of mine, was one of the leaders of CORE, the Congress of Racial Equality. Stokely Carmichael and Malcolm X are people of the Caribbean who have come to the United States and recognized that grassroots organizations must be formed to push for equal rights. The accomplishments of the civil rights movement have given us much. It created the momentum of the Civil Rights Act, Brown v. Board of Education, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, ended housing discrimination, the desegregation of schools. We saw Democratic political gains and the March on Washington. But we have organized groups still growing today, because equality has not come to its full fruition in America. There is still income equality, achievement gaps, poverty, unemployment, and an increase in the use of for profit prisons that have incarcerated Black men disproportionately. Because of that, we have seen other movements now today: Black Lives Matter, founded in 2012 after the death of Trayvon Martin; Moral Mondays, which began in April 2013 by the Reverend William Barber II of Greenleaf Christian Church in Goldsboro, North Carolina, after the Governor’s mansion and the State legislature was taken over related to voting rights. These are injustices that are continuing today, which African Americans and others are standing up for, whether it be Standing Rock or the Muslim ban. We had the March on Washington and the grassroots group Indivisible, which has grown with African Americans and others who stood with their constituents at recent townhalls to make sure that their Congressmen and women hear their voices on all issues of importance. Mr. Speaker, we understand that the people of the United States need to understand the importance of grassroots organizations as we end Black History Month. This has been an outstanding time for Congress, as well as the people of America, to hear about the grassroots organizations and how they may close. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the foundation of our democracy is built upon the strength of grassroots movements and our ability to organize. It is the will of the people—and not the will of a select few—that shapes our values as a nation. While leaders and institutions play an important role in our society, ultimately it is the people themselves who create the momentum to bring about the change that they would like to see throughout our society. The Civil Rights Movement is a definitive example of the importance of grassroots movement. The Civil Rights Movement reshaped our society into one that affords equal rights and protection under the law for all Americans. But it was also a movement that began at the local level. From protests in Virginia over Brown vs. Board of Education to civil acts of disobedience in Montgomery, Alabama, the success and momentum of the movement was driven by grassroots movements all across the United States. Without it, it is difficult to say what kind of country the United States would be today. The importance of grassroots movements remains clear as day, particularly in the 21st Century. The election of President Trump sparked countless protests across the country, while uniting millions of people globally as individuals came together in opposition to his hateful rhetoric targeting minorities, women, and other vulnerable segments of the population. It is this momentum that has manifested into the Women’s March on Washington, which brought millions of people in cities around the world to march in support of human rights, racial equality, immigration reform, and other progressive ideals. It was a dramatic statement of opposition against the perceived wrongs and violations in our society, and it will help shape the nature of discourse for many years to come. These social movements are crucial to our democracy. Grassroots movements serve as a counterpoint to injustice and help provide a medium through which we as a people can communicate our ideals. As we honor Black History Month, we must look to the struggles of our ancestors in order to inform our decisions of today, or else we are doomed to repeat the same mistakes that already tarnish our history. 
WEEK IN REVIEW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we are back in session. We were out of session last week. It was great to get all over east Texas. It is just good to be an east Texan and from around east Texas. I had occasion to talk to a whole bunch of folks from part of my district, even tonight. As I think about the headlines, I think about this group called Indivisible demanding townhalls, and I keep coming back to last Monday at Jack Ryan’s restaurant in downtown Tyler. Tyler Young Professionals had asked me to speak there. I knew the gentleman that had white hair and looked distinguished was probably not one of the Tyler Young Professionals but probably one of the Indivisible people, the Democrats that—yes, some of them say they are nonpartisan, but so much for that. But I knew when I called on him to ask the first question, he probably wasn’t one of the Tyler Young Professionals. I offered to him, I said: Look, I give you my word. You come, bring somebody with you. Let’s sit down at a conference table and I will hear you out. I will give you a chance. No, he said. That is not what I want. I demand a townhall. So I keep coming back to that answer because that seems to make very, very clear this whole Indivisible movement. It is not about being heard. That can be best done, as the Founders realized when they put together the Constitution—a complete democracy is where you have mob rule, that a majority is always going to prevail; but they figured out that, far better than having a big mob rule so you don’t end up with lynchings and crowds convincing themselves to do something dramatic that they would never, ever do individually—it would be too much of a violation of their conscience. But there is something about a group dynamic that people can get whipped up into a frenzy as a group that doesn’t happen when you sit down oneonone with them. So this has never been about townhalls. It has never been about being heard. It has been about headlines, trying to intimidate some of us from keeping the promises that we made to our constituents before we got elected. I think God has a way of preparing us for what lies ahead. Had I not been a felony judge for a decade and been threatened by all kinds of felons, then I might have been at least somewhat intimidated. But it all seems rather interesting, this frenzy. Really good, decent people get in a group and get worked up into a frenzy. One of them did ask an interesting question there in east Texas on the east Texas Indivisible Facebook page: Well, what would be wrong with sitting down with him on an individual basis or something like that? That individual understood that, if all we want is to be heard, why wouldn’t we just want to sit down and talk. What that individual didn’t understand is Indivisible is not about being heard. It is exactly about what is in the Indivisible playbook, the Guide. The idea is to disrupt those who won with a majority of the vote in congressional seats and Senate seats, disrupt those who won with a majority and prevent them from keeping their promises. It reminded me somewhat of what happened back when George H.W. Bush was President. He had run saying, ‘‘Read my lips: no new taxes.’’ I wasn’t in politics back when he was running and saying that, but I sure got involved in late 1991, I guess December, and in 1992. I guess that was back in the 1988 election. 
It cost him the 1992 election because he kept saying, ‘‘Read my lips: no new taxes.’’ Then he had to deal with the majority of Democrats in the House and Senate. They kept luring, trying to suck him in: Come on, if we are going to reach an agreement, you are going to have to give up on that pledge just a little bit, just a little bit. We are not going to reach it. You are going to have to give up just a little bit. You are going to have to allow just a little bit of a tax. After enough cajoling, they finally convinced George H.W. Bush that they were not going to allow the bill to go through unless he had at least a little bit of a tax increase. As soon as they lured him into that—kind of sounds like something that happened in the Garden of Eden. But as soon as they lured him into it and he agreed to a very small increase in taxes, then immediately the cries became: You are a liar. You broke your promise of no new taxes. He got lured into it. He thought they were acting in good faith, when all they were trying to do was get him to break his promise so they could call him a liar. They lured him into it. They trapped him into it. He should have told them, ‘‘Read my lips: no new taxes.’’ But being a benevolent man, he thought they were acting in good faith, as he was, and he found out differently. It cost him the 1992 election. So we have people demanding: Oh, yes, just give us the townhall. That is all we want. Just give us the townhall. They know and most of us, thank goodness, on my side of the aisle know, if we give the bullying mobs, what they are demanding when they are saying: We are going to harass you—as one man did—we are going to harass you at church, everywhere you go, until you finally give in, fine. No matter how big the mobs get, no matter how mean and frenzied they get, no matter how big of bullies they become, I know what I promised my constituents and I know what we have got to deliver. I am starting to hear from people on my side of the aisle: Well, maybe we shouldn’t repeal. Maybe we shouldn’t do what we did in 2015. Everything we did in 2015 was consistent with the rules that are in play right now. We ought to be able to do the same thing again. We should. We did it in 2015. We ought to be able to do it now—we just should—House Members and Senate Members. We had a majority both places then. We have got a majority now. We need to do it again. We don’t have to have this huge government program as a replacement. That is the beauty of a free market. But in order to have a free market, you have got to have honesty and integrity in the system. That means nobody on my side of the aisle, nobody in the Senate on the Republican side of the aisle, and nobody in the White House should be intimidated no matter how frenzied the insurance lobby may become about what we can’t do. Those same people embraced ObamaCare, which was about to destroy them. Some of them said: Well, you have got to understand we had to have a seat at the table. I tried to explain, you don’t want a seat at the table when you are on the menu. But no, they dove in. Big Pharma and those folks dove right in. Now, I could understand AARP jumping in and endorsing ObamaCare even though it cut Medicare by $716 billion, even though it stabbed seniors in the back by dramatic cuts to Medicare. I could understand AARP endorsing ObamaCare. They were going to be able to sell more insurance than they had ever sold before. I had seen 1 year before—I think it was 2007 or 2008—they had over $4 million in profit, which is pretty good for a nonprofit, selling insurance or endorsing the policies that were sold. So, of course, then you get to the deal in ObamaCare that all these other policies are going to have an extra 2 percent tax on them, but not the kind of policies you sell. I can understand AARP getting behind ObamaCare, even though it did so much damage to the health care of seniors because they were going to make a lot of money. No telling how much money they have made since ObamaCare passed. I couldn’t understand health insurance companies. I couldn’t understand Big Pharma. I guess I could, because they were going to make tens of billions of dollars more in the short run than they had made in the past. That is why President Obama got them to offer to give billions of it back. You don’t get billions given back unless you are going to make a lot more billions than you put back. I am sure they did, but that was short term. If ObamaCare continued into the future, it wouldn’t be—probably within the next decade that you would see them heading toward their demise. b2130 But the big executives would be fine. They would have gotten their golden parachute and taken off with all the money that appeared to be rolling in at that point, even though the day of reckoning was going to come for them down the road. But we shouldn’t be listening to people who sold out knowing they will make money short term, but it probably will destroy them long term. People who were guided by the mentality that embraced that bill should not be dictating what is in the replacement plan. And I say plan, because when you are going to use free market to have a better healthcare environment, you have got to have free market; and you can’t have free market unless everybody knows how much things cost. I was seeing again tonight from constituents, people think they ought to know how much a medical visit costs. Whether it is Blue Cross, Aetna, Humana, Anthem, whether it is an HMO, whatever, they ought to know how much that costs, whoever is paying for it. Whether it is the government—whether it is the Federal Government, State government, whether it is an insurance company, people have a right to know what a medical visit, procedure, whatever it is—they have a right to know how much it costs. Only when we have truth in treatment are we going to be able to fix so many of the wrongs in health care. Then we can move toward a free market, where insurance will have a high deductible. This is the ultimate goal, I think, where you have a high deductible, but you will have every dime of that deductible in a health savings account either put in there by your employer or by you. In a proper program, it ought to be every dime of it put in there pretax, no tax on that money that you put in there. I still believe that every dime that is put in there should then be marked for health care only. If the person owning that health savings account passes away before it is spent for health care, it ought to keep that healthcare designation and roll over into the heirs’ health savings account. And if there are not heirs or it’s not in the will, it could go to a charity’s health savings account, as I feel sure you would have every worthwhile charity set up a health savings account that could be used to have people donate from their own health savings accounts to help the poor, help those who are chronically ill. As a Christian, I believe God knew it blesses us, it helps us as individuals when we are charitable toward others. That does not mean when the government, with the threat of the IRS, some SWAT team behind them, or some threat to come take your home, all of your assets, says you will give so that we can give to who the government thinks should receive the charity—that is not charity. That is not charity at all. That is a much too powerful government. What we find is that the United States has been the most charitable country in the history of the world. We have got a lot of benevolent Americans. Of course, that doesn’t include George Soros. He makes his money. It seems like one of the ways he makes money is if he can topple an economy, bring it down; and through all of the suffering that is brought about, he makes money. When we heard tape recordings made in the past year by people who were saying, ‘‘Oh, yeah, we funded the violence at those Trump rallies,’’ or ‘‘We funded violence here, there or yon,’’ or ‘‘We funded efforts to help bring down this activity or that activity,’’ then it sure seems like that is worthy of investigation, because what you have when you have people giving money to create violence at events, some people would call that basically a racketeer influenced and corrupt organization, RICO. It ought to be worthy of investigation. If people are giving money when they 
should know that money is going to be contributed to create chaos, get somebody hurt, then it sure seems like that is the kind of criminal conduct people have gone to prison for. I hope our new Justice Department will continue its trend toward getting out of litigation that they never should have been in in the first place and getting in where there is corruption. We know under the Attorney General Eric Holder that as long as the people who were carrying billy clubs and threatening voters outside of polling places were Democrats, then certainly they did not need to be investigated, nothing needed to be done to them because they are Democrats. Apparently under that old Department of Justice that was just about them, just us, then as long as it is one of us, we don’t need to prosecute them. But, whoa, if it is a Republican, yeah, we need to go after them. But the great irony is there could be no greater dissolution of the right to vote when then loading the deck with people who have no right to vote, who vote and completely dissolve lawabiding people’s right to vote, you just canceled out their right to vote with illegality. So it seems strange to some of us that you would have a Justice Department that would say: No, no, no, don’t you dare purge those records of the dead people. You have got to leave those dead people in. Some of those dead people may want to vote. It is important to let dead people vote if they feel like voting. To have a Department of Justice that doesn’t want counties to clean up their voter registration so that there can’t be fraud, people that are dead, people that are living in other States or other voting districts don’t come and also vote there. It just was incredible lawlessness to have a Department of Justice fighting against cleaning up voter registration rolls so that only people alive and living in that district could vote. Why would anybody do that? Why would anybody fight against cleaning up voter registration? The only reason I can think of conceivably would be they must still want people who are dead or don’t live there to vote illegally. What else could there be? I mean, there are some people willing to have the Department of Justice: We are even okay if you supervise to make sure we don’t throw out somebody who is alive. But this Justice Department under President Obama’s administration, they didn’t want voter registration rolls cleaned up. The lawlessness, thankfully, has come to an end. I know that there are people who have been stirring up fear in American hearts about Jeff Sessions, but Jeff Sessions is a good man. He is a good person. He will enforce the law fairly across the board, and I am grateful that we finally have a Justice Department that will be about justice. In the meantime, I saw this story today from Peter Hasson from The Daily Caller: ‘‘Leaked audio from an antiTrump protest group meeting reveals activists with antiTrump group Indivisible plotting how to best manufacture a hostile environment at a town hall with Republican Sen. BILLCASSIDY in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana. . . . ‘‘The audio, obtained by local radio station KPEL, reveals a coordinated effort to create the public impression that Cassidy’s support for Trump is unpopular with his constituents. The activists, who describe themselves as liberals in the audio, can be heard strategizing how to best turn a local town hall into a political victory. ‘‘The activists split up into an ‘inside team’—tasked with occupying ‘as many seats as we can’ and an ‘outside team,’ whose job was to ‘give the media the coverage they want’ before joining the others inside. Activists were instructed to dress like conservatives and leave at home ‘any signifier that you’re a liberal’ in order to blend in with constituents. ‘‘The leftist activists strategized how best to ‘dominate’ the questionandanswer section of the town hall and keep anyone ‘sympathetic’ to Cassidy from asking a question. ‘‘The audio also reveals the activists laughing about ‘the poor people of Breaux Bridge’—local constituents— who might get stuck behind them. Local news coverage of the town hall said that ‘many attendees were turned away’ from the town hall due to ‘capacity restrictions.’ ‘‘’Game plan number one is to fill as many seats as we can, right? If it’s all of us in there and the poor people of Breaux Bridge are sitting behind us, well then tough luck for them,’ said one organizer, identified by KPEL as James Proctor. His ‘poor people’ comment drew laughs from the other activists. ‘‘‘If we can arrange it so he doesn’t hear one sympathetic question—great. That only magnifies our impact,’ Proctor said. ‘‘KPEL identified Proctor as the leader of Indivisible Acadiana, a local branch of the national Indivisible organization, which has organized hostile Republican town halls all around the country. ‘‘‘The Indivisible Guide does say that when you start to lose the meeting, that’s when you boo and hiss,’ one unidentified activist can be heard saying. ‘Right, I was going to say that,’ another activist replied. Local news outlet The Advertiser reported that members of the crowd ‘frequently interrupted, expressing disagreement with some of Cassidy’s positions and shouting out their own questions.’ ‘‘‘The outside team will join the inside team in the hall after media coverage’. . . . ‘So what we’ll do is we’ll try to dominate enough, because—remember, the camera people especially are looking for some ‘broll’ and some quotes.’ ‘‘‘They’ve got three or four things to cover that day, this is just one of them’. . . . ‘So we make sure we give them the coverage they want, and then everyone breaks and goes inside.’’’ That reminds me of an article that was written in Gregg County, the largest newspaper. Obviously they know what Indivisible is, and they were demanding a townhall belittling me. It just shows how partisan, how malicious. They showed their malice toward me repeatedly. Fortunately, for the people of east Texas, they don’t count for a whole lot. Their opinion is so biased; it is what it is. They know that these people are doing just what is talked about here, what is talked about in the Indivisible handbook, and that is what they want. They want me out of office, and there is such a problem with envy, with emotions that I have just never had like that. They can’t stand it. So, anyway, here is one, Todd Starnes from FOX News, today’s article: ‘‘A group of enraged protesters exploded in anger after a chaplain prayed in the name of Jesus at a town hall meeting in Louisiana hosted by U.S. Sen. Bill Cassidy. ‘‘The verballyabusive crowd’’—and it is talking about this same townhall that this tape came from, where they were plotting and planning to disrupt and to keep the people from Breaux Bridge from actually being able to participate in their own townhall. b2145 Anyway: ‘‘Louisiana State chaplain Michael Sprague and the unidentified Vietnam War veteran should be commended for maintaining their composure in the face of verbal barbarism. ‘‘The February 22, town hall meeting in Metairie, was quickly overrun by the angry mob—much like other town hall meetings hosted by Republican lawmakers across the country. ‘‘The mainstream media would have us believe the unruly demonstrations are part of an organic, grassroots effort. ‘‘But I sincerely doubt many in the mob were actually residents of Louisiana—because I know the good people of Louisiana and nobody behaves like that in the Bayou State. ‘‘Folks are raised right in Cajun Country. There’s no way anybody would embarrass their mommas by acting the fool in public. ‘‘I’d be willing to bet a cup of Community Coffee that the Jesushating rabblerousers were shipped in from some Godforsaken place like Berkeley or Brooklyn.’’ Now, I don’t agree on Brooklyn. Anyway: ‘‘Chaplain Sprague had barely invoked the name of the Almighty when the heckling began. ‘‘‘Pray on your own time. This is our time,’ someone shouted. ‘Amen. Let’s get on with it.’ 
‘‘Others chanted, ‘Separation of church and state’ and so on and so forth. Someone filmed the prayer and words do not do justice to the amount of hate directed at the chaplain. ‘‘‘I’ve never been shouted down throughout a time of prayer like that,’ Chaplain Sprague told me. ‘I’ve never been in a situation like that. It’s sad there wasn’t honor and respect for God.’ ‘‘But they became absolutely unhinged when he concluded his prayer in the name of Jesus. ‘‘‘Wow, they booed the name of Jesus,’ Cassidy said in remarks reported by the TimesPicayune. ‘‘I thought several of the agitators were going to spontaneously combust. ‘‘The chaplain said the overwhelming majority of people in the room were causing a disruption—but he harbors no ill will toward the mob. ‘‘‘I’m not mad at people. My heart is bigger than that,’ he said. ‘My heart’s prayer is that everybody be treated with dignity and respect.’ ‘‘The chaplain was especially disappointed by how the mob insulted the Vietnam War veteran. ‘‘‘There was a lot of shouting. Some turned their backs. Many didn’t stand or put their hand on their heart,’ he said. ‘‘Infuriating, but not surprising. ‘‘As I wrote in ‘The Deplorables’ Guide to Making America Great Again’ liberals have a strong aversion to President Trump, Jesus and Old Glory. ‘‘But I still have hope in America.’’ And I share that. There is a lot to be grateful for, but one is not this article from CBN News in Jerusalem, Israel: ‘‘A Palestinian Arab terrorist convicted of murdering two Israeli university students is one of the leaders of the feminist protest movement against U.S. President Donald Trump. ‘‘Rasmeah Yousef Odeh, a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, is helping to organize a ‘Day without a Woman’ on March 8, Arutz Sheva quotes reports in The New York Post and The Guardian.’’ In 1969, Odeh was sentenced to life in prison for planting explosives that kill people and is now out leading organized resistance to the President of the United States and to law and order. It is tragic. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 442. An act to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, February 28, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
628. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting the Annual Report of the Reserve Forces Policy Board for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 113(c)(2); Public Law 87651, Sec. 202 (as amended by Public Law 112239, Sec. 1076(f)(1)); (126 Stat. 1951); to the Committee on Armed Services. 629. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of General Herbert J. Carlisle, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 630. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting notification that a public health emergency of national significance exists in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico relating to pregnant women and children born to pregnant women with Zika, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); Public Law 107188, Sec. 144(a); (116 Stat. 630); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 631. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16116, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 632. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16115, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 633. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 15140, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 634. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16108, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 635. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21678, ‘‘Omnibus Alcoholic Beverage Regulation Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 636. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21655, ‘‘Elderly Tenant and Tenant with a Disability Protection Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 637. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21677, ‘‘Fair Criminal Record Screening for Housing Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 638. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21656, ‘‘Council Financial Disclosure Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 639. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21657, ‘‘Condominium Owner Bill of Rights and Responsibilities Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 640. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21665, ‘‘Regulation of Landscape Architecture and Professional Design Firms Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 641. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21685, ‘‘Land Disposition Transparency and Clarification Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 642. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21676, ‘‘Death Certificate Gender Identity Recognition Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 643. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21659, ‘‘Downtown Business Improvement District Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 644. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21687, ‘‘Advisory Neighborhood Commissions Omnibus Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 645. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21673, ‘‘Fair Credit in Employment Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 646. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21674, ‘‘Urban Farming and Food Security Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 647. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21686, ‘‘Firsttime Homebuyer Tax Benefit Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 648. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21666, ‘‘Washington Metrorail Safety Commission Establishment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 649. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21668, ‘‘Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93 198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 650. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21684, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Clarification and Overtime Fairness Amendment Act 
of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 651. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21683, ‘‘Snow Removal Agreement Authorization Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 652. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21670, ‘‘Nationals Park and Ballpark District Designated Entertainment Area Signage Regulations Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 653. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21682, ‘‘Universal Paid Leave Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 654. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21679, ‘‘Office of Out of School Time Grants and Youth Outcomes Establishment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 655. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21680, ‘‘Bryant Street Tax Increment Financing Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 656. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21671, ‘‘Rail Safety and Security Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 657. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21675, ‘‘Fisheries and Wildlife Omnibus Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 658. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21667, ‘‘Stun Gun Regulation Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 659. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21672, ‘‘Collaborative Reproduction Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 660. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21658, ‘‘VehicleforHire Accessibility Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 661. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21664, ‘‘Specialty Drug Copayment Limitation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 662. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21662, ‘‘Chancellor of the District of Columbia Public Schools Salary and Benefits Authorization Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 663. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21660, ‘‘Youth Services Coordination Task Force Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 664. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21661, ‘‘Medical Respite Services Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 665. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21663, ‘‘Pharmaceutical Detailing Licensure Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 666. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21681, ‘‘District of Columbia State Athletics Consolidation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 667. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21669, ‘‘State Board of Education Omnibus Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 668. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Annual Report for 2015 on DisabilityRelated Air Travel complaints, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. Sec. 41705(c)(3); Public Law 103272, Sec. 41705(c)(3) (as added by Public Law 106181, Sec. 707(a)(3)); (114 Stat. 158); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 669. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance to military and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq for the purposes of countering the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and securing the territory of Iraq, pursuant to Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (division C of P.L. 114223), and with P.L. 113219, Sec. 1236; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1009. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs to review regulations, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–19, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 150. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 998) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 83) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’ (Rept. 115–20). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1009 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CHENRY (for himself and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 1219. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. N EAL, Mr. KEATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. KENNEDY , and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 1220. A bill to establish the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the provisions of Public Law 10762, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 1221. A bill to seek the establishment of and contributions to an International Fund for IsraeliPalestinian Peace; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. SCHIFF ): H.R. 1222. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Mr. M CCAUL): H.R. 1223. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize an extension of exclusivity periods for certain drugs that are approved for a new indication for a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. K NIGHT ): H.R. 1224. A bill to amend the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act to implement a framework, assessment, and audits for improving United States cybersecurity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1225. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Edwin Cole ‘‘Ed’’ Bearss, in recognition of his contributions to preservation of American Civil War history and continued efforts to bring our nation’s history alive for new generations through his interpretive storytelling; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey): H.R. 1226. A bill to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. T AYLOR ): H.R. 1227. A bill to limit the application of Federal laws to the distribution and consumption of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on 
the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 1228. A bill to provide for the appointment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 1229. A bill to repeal Public Law 107 40; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 1230. A bill to repeal the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. D UFFY , and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 1231. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish a program to increase the development of new drugs to treat pediatric cancers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MCCOLLUM: H.R. 1232. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require each Federal agency to maintain and preserve data assets of the agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MCNERNEY (for himself and Mr. GARAMENDI ): H.R. 1233. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to establish an emergency flood activity pilot program to assist flood response efforts in response to a levee failure or potential levee failure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. HOLDING , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD ): H.R. 1234. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make certain contract research eligible for the research credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. BARR, and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 1235. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. MOORE , Mr. S OTO, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 1236. A bill to discontinue a Federal program that authorizes State and local law enforcement officers to investigate, apprehend, and detain aliens in accordance with a written agreement with the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and to clarify that immigration enforcement is solely a function of the Federal Government; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LAHOOD: H. Res. 151. A resolution honoring the life of former Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Robert Henry ‘‘Bob’’ Michel; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. MESSER , Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. KING of Iowa, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. R ENACCI , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. JONES , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): H. Res. 152. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that clean water is a national priority, and that the June 29, 2015, Waters of the United States Rule should be withdrawn or vacated; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself and Mr. POEof Texas): H. Res. 153. A resolution expressing concern over the detainment of Sandy Phan Gillis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. SARBANES , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. CA´RDENAS ): H. Res. 154. A resolution of inquiry requesting the President of the United States and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to transmit certain information to the House of Representatives relating to plans to repeal or replace the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the healthrelated measures of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H. Res. 155. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of February 2017 as ‘‘National Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio introduced a bill (H.R. 1237) for the relief of Amer Numan Othman; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CHENRY: H.R. 1219. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1220. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 1221. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for this bill is pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 1222. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 1223. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which gives the Congress the authority to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Additionally, under Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 which gives Congress the power to promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 1224. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1225. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 1226. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3 By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 1227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitution of the United States’, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3; and The Constitution of the United States’, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 1228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which grants Congress the authority to make laws governing the commerce among several states, including employment discrimination laws. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 1229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 1230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 1231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitution By Ms. MCCOLLUM: H.R. 1232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 1233. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 1234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 1235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 1236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 1237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 33: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 38: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 99: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 111: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 113: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 160: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 184: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 227: Mr. TONKO , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. KIND, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 233: Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 257: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 350: Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. COMER , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H.R. 367: Mrs. HARTZLER and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 371: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 379: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 390: Mr. GARRETT and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 391: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 392: Ms. ADAMS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. H IMES, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 412: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 417: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 421: Mr. LAMALFA and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 448: Ms. NORTON , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 449: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 525: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 544: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 547: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 548: Mr. RUIZand Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 553: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. H UDSON, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 564: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 620: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 625: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 632: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. RASKIN , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 635: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 656: Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. A LLEN , and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 662: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 669: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 686: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 708: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 721: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. PEARCE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G RAVES of Mis souri, Mr. HARPER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. R OGERS  of Alabama, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. ZELDIN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn sylvania, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 723: Mrs. LOVEand Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 747: Mr. VARGAS , Mr. D ENT, Mrs. W AGNER, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T IPTON , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. FASO, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. PETERS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M AST, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. YARMUTH , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 748: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts and Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 754: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 755: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 757: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. KAPTUR , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 760: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 770: Ms. DELAURO and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . H.R. 772: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 781: Mr. SHIMKUS and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 782: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 793: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 795: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 800: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 801: Mr. LUCAS and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 804: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. PETERS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 807: Mr. KILMER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. TITUS, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 810: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 816: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 820: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. DUFFY , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. HUNTER , Mr. M ESSER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. MAST, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 822: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 824: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 831: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 837: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 846 : Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OLE, Mr. SARBANES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H ECK, Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Ms. DELBENE, and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 852: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 873: Mr. GALLEGO and Mr. H UIZENGA . H.R. 907: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 909: Mr. TURNER and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 925: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 947: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 949: Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 966: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 980: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 981: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1001: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. COHEN , and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 1002: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 1005: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 1017: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1031: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 1057: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. HUIZENGA , and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1069: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1078: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1090: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 1094: Mr. RASKIN and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 1098: Mr. YOHO, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 1112: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1121: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. FASO, and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 1126: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 1148: Mr. PASCRELL , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. SENSENBRENNER , H.R. 1150: Mr. COMER and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 1153: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1169: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 1170: Mr. BABIN, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1188: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1200: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 1205: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. KILMER , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 1206: Ms. MOORE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. CONYERS , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1215: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.J. Res. 7: Mr. GAETZ . H.J. Res. 59: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. LATTA . H.J. Res. 75: Mr. COHEN and Mr. R ASKIN . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. HUDSON and Ms. MOORE . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. WITTMAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K IND, Mr. ROSS, and Mr. W ALKER . H. Con. Res. 28: Ms. STEFANIK . H. Res. 15: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. STEFANIK , and Ms. A DAMS . H. Res. 19: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H. Res. 28: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. YARMUTH , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. SUOZZI , and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H. Res. 30: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. M AST, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. R OSS, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. P ALLONE . H. Res. 90: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 92: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor gia, and Mr. GOWDY . H. Res. 105: Mr. PETERS and Mr. L OEBSACK . H. Res. 111: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis sissippi, Mr. CLAY, Mr. N EAL, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. EVANS , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali fornia, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S OTO, Mr. H IMES, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C RIST, Mr. WELCH , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. R USH, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. SIRES, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. SHERMAN , H. Res. 124: Mr. MCKINLEY . H. Res. 136: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 137: Mr. SUOZZI and Mr. P ASCRELL . H. Res. 140: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H. Res. 142: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. LANGEVIN . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMS. FOXX The provisions warranting a referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.J. Res. 83 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1421 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2017 No. 34 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by 