Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, just hours after the President’s misguided, counterproductive, and objectively antiAmerican Muslim ban was signed, we saw the effects. Chaos erupted at airports around the country, including in my own district at Chicago O’Hare. Green card holders were held in legal limbo. Refugees fleeing violence and persecution were sent away before boarding U.S.bound flights, even after enduring years of thorough screening and vetting. Unfortunately, this is not the first time we have turned away innocent people seeking safety in our country. In 1939, the German ocean liner St. Louis Manifest and its 937 Jewish passengers, almost all Jewish refugees, were turned away from the Port of Miami and sent back to Europe. Of those passengers, 254 were murdered in the Holocaust. We all bear a responsibility to learn from the evils of history so that we will never make the same mistakes again. It is our turn to step up and fight to protect the values of our Nation and ensure that we are on the right side of history. Because who can possibly forget the photo of Alan Kurdi, the 3yearold Syrian boy who was washed up on a Turkish beach. Or Omran Daqneesh, the 5yearold Syrian boy covered in blood as he waited for emergency care after being rescued from a building in Aleppo hit by an airstrike. These devastating images have become symbols of the refugee crisis. We cannot let them symbolize our inaction, too. The President’s executive order creating this Muslim ban undermines the foundational ideas of this country, a Nation founded by immigrants with the intention of providing freedom, opportunity, and a better life to all who seek it. Making good on one of his most extreme campaign promises, the President signed this order with little or no input from his own national security advisers nor from specialists at the State Department, Homeland Security, or the Justice Department, once again signaling his strong and continued dismissal of facts, evidence, and advice from seasoned experts. Contrary to the President’s misguided belief, Islam is not the issue, and his decision to go after Muslims instead of terrorists only fuels our enemies’ propaganda. The President’s Muslim ban undermines our national security goals and is counterproductive in the fight against terrorism. The ban jeopardizes our strategic partnerships with allies in the Middle East who are on the very front lines in the fight against ISIS. Asylum seekers and foreign nationals have provided invaluable assistance to our military and diplomats in a variety of roles overseas. I agree with Senators MCCAINand G RAHAM, who said this ban will become ‘‘a selfinflicted wound in the fight against terrorism.’’ Ultimately, this order is more likely to increase terrorist recruitment than to deter it. Outrage over this ban extends far beyond national security and counterterrorism experts. For example, we are seeing sharp criticism from business leaders across the country, including CEOs of companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, and Airbnb. They recognize that immigrants play a huge role in fostering our Nation’s entrepreneurial spirit, advancing new technology, creating startups, all which spur innovation and economic activity across the country. Universities and academics across the country are also grappling with what the President’s restrictions mean for their students and for scholarship and academia more broadly. Students benefit from the inclusion of all world views, which provide us with a deeper understanding of science, the arts, economic policy, national security, and all other aspects of our society. Let’s be clear. My own city of Chicago has been and will continue to be home to an immigrant and refugee community from all around the world, and we are forever enriched and grateful for the contributions that make this country great. I, along with the majority of American people who took to the streets to make their opposition heard loud and clear, demand that the administration rescind this shameful order before even more grave and lasting damage is done. Let’s call a spade a spade. Despite the White House’s insistence that this is not a Muslim ban, the policy laid out by the President will almost exclusively impact Muslims. In fact, the President went so far as to point out that this administration will prioritize the admittance for Christian refugees. If this is not a religious test, then what is? Refugees of all faiths, creeds, race, and national origins have looked to America as a beacon of freedom. So long as this ban is in effect, that light shines less brightly. We will not etch a new inscription at the base of the Statue of Liberty. Instead, her golden lamp will continue to welcome those who are tired, poor, and yearning to be free, just as it always has. f 
TRUMP’S REFUGEE EXECUTIVE ORDER: SEPARATING FACT FROM FICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my fervent support for President Trump’s executive order: Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry. I, along with many other Members of Congress, have been speaking out for more than a 1
1⁄2years about the dangers posed by our U.N.run refugee resettlement program. I applaud President Trump for following through on his promise by imposing strict vetting for seven countries that President Obama labeled in 2016 as countries of particular concern for terrorism. Liberal activists and politicians are leveling baseless assertions about the Trump policy only to see a lazy and complicit media parrot their claims without exercising due diligence to validate it. To me, this is fake news. And in this incident, it is the mainstream media that is pushing this misinformation. Let’s separate myth from fact and inject a little coolheaded commonsense into this national dialogue. Friday’s executive order does a few things: It pauses the entry of all refugees for the next 120 days; it caps refugee admissions for fiscal year 2017 at 50,000; it stalls, for 90 days, the admission of foreign nationals from seven countries that are well established as terrorist hotspot countries; and it puts priority on highly persecuted religious minorities when the refugee program resumes. The media has echoed the protesters’ assertion that this is somehow a Muslim ban. They are flatout wrong. Remember, it was President Obama who created this sevencountry list, not President Trump. If it were a Muslim ban, then why doesn’t it include restrictions on the other 40 majority Muslim nations? That makes no sense. That is because this is a targeted approach to deal with the threat posed by terrorists who operate freely in these failed states and pose a direct threat to the American people. There is absolutely nothing in this executive order that says anything 
about banning any particular group of people. Another shortsighted fallacy being propagated is that President Trump is the only President to ever implement restrictions on refugee admissions. Conveniently forgotten is the fact that in 2011, President Obama stopped processing refugees from Iraq for 6 months after a terrorist plot was uncovered involving two Iraqi refugees who had come into the United States. b1015 Previous Presidents of both parties have responded to global threats with refugee admission limitations, so characterizing Trump’s actions is unprecedented, is simply fiction and a gross demonstration of partisanship. As ISIS has infiltrated the ranks of refugees in Europe, the President is similarly responding to global threats with the appropriate safeguards as he sees fit. This is something that he should be praised for—not condemned. The notion that the executive order is inherently unAmerican must be addressed as well. After all, America is the land made up of immigrants that has been a safe harbor to millions fleeing persecution around the world since her inception. But in order for this to continue, we must be vigilant to protect our homeland. America is the greatest Nation in the world, and if we let up on our pursuit of the highest national security standards, we will see this greatness slip away—to the detriment not only of all American citizens, but to the entire world. Finally, I must address the false notion that having a Christian ethic demands that we accept all refugees with open arms. Well, if that is the case, why aren’t we opening the doors wide to the 60 million refugees worldwide rather than only a fraction of 1 percent? As a follower of Jesus Christ, I do believe that we should help those in need around us, and that America should be involved in helping the displaced and persecuted whenever we can. Perhaps a more compassionate approach might be to take the money that we spend settling one refugee in the United States and, instead, for the same price, provide for 12, for a dozen, refugees in a safe haven near their own home countries. Just as a father’s primary responsibility is to care for his own children, the chief role of the President and other national leaders is to ensure the best interest of the citizens under their charge. If President Trump were to overlook the safety of the American people, it would simply be an abdication of his own responsibility that the American people elected him to do. It seems the President’s opponents have cherrypicked particular Bible verses to suit their own political agenda, while ignoring other basic Biblical concepts of stewardship and responsibility out of sheer political convenience. To conclude, the hysteria surrounding this national security executive order must come to an end. After all, the main provisions of this executive order are temporary in nature and are in line with what many Presidents in the past have done. ISIS presents one of the most extensive and complex threats to our Nation, and we do want our President to take every precaution to make sure that Americans are safe. This—not the false narratives of Trump’s opponents—must be the focus of the national dialogue, and we must share in what he is doing. 
NSC APPOINTMENTS TO PRINCIPALS COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today I will introduce the Protect the National Security Council from Political Interference Act. I would like to thank my House colleagues who have signed on as original cosponsors of this legislation. I have worked at the Department of Defense, and I am a member of the Armed Services Committee. I believe the most solemn responsibility of Federal policymakers is to keep the American people safe, and to do so in a way that is faithful to the moral and ethical principles that have made this country exceptional, and a force for good in a dangerous and unpredictable world. Within the complex Federal bureaucracy, the National Security Council is, arguably, the most important institution when it comes to debating and deciding issues related to homeland security, foreign policy, intelligence collection, and the national defense. Choices about whether to deploy men and women into combat are made during the meetings of the NSC or its main subgroup, the Principals Committee. So, too, are decisions about how to defend the homeland against terrorism and how to support our allies and counter our adversaries across the globe. The NSC’s deliberations are so serious because the stakes are so high. Since the creation of this body by Congress in 1947, Presidents from Truman to Obama have prescribed the organizational structure and role of the NSC according to their personal preferences within the broad parameters set by Congress. This is how it should be. The NSC is a policymaking instrument, and the President is entitled to utilize this instrument in the manner that the President sees fit. However, historically, there has been a bipartisan consensus that the NSC debates should be divorced from the world of electoral politics. The Presidents of both parties have sought to establish an NSC policy process that is not contaminated or perceived to be contaminated by political considerations. Josh Bolton, chief of staff to President George W. Bush, may have put it best while explaining why President Bush excluded political counselor Karl Rove from all NSC meetings: ‘‘ . . . the President . . . knew that the signal he wanted to send to the rest of his administration, the signal he wanted to send to the public, and the signal he especially wanted to send to the military, is that, ‘The decisions I’m making that involve life and death for the people in uniform will not be tainted by any political decisions.’’’ I am filing this bill because I believe that President Trump’s directive organizing the NSC breaks from this longstanding, bipartisan tradition of constructing a wall to separate national security policymaking from domestic politics to the greatest extent possible. Specifically, the President’s directive authorizes the Assistant to the President and Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon to be a permanent member of the NSC and to attend all NSC and Principals Committee meetings. Mr. Bannon’s role in the administration has a strong political component. Indeed, it appears unprecedented for a political counselor so deeply enmeshed in politics to serve as a permanent member of the NSC. Senator JOHNMCCAIN, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, described Mr. Bannon’s appointment as a radical departure from any National Security Council in history. Therefore, my bill will amend Federal law to ensure that no individual, whose primary responsibility is political in nature, shall be designated as a member of the NSC or be authorized to regularly attend meetings of the NSC or the Principals Committee. This language would apply to Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents alike. Our men and women in uniform, our intelligence and homeland security professionals, and our citizens should feel secure in their knowledge that the critical decisions made by the NSC are free from political considerations. The American people deserve a national security policymaking process that inspires confidence, not cynicism. My bill also contains a second provision. The President’s directive prescribes a diminished role on the Principals Committee for the Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The directive limits their attendance to only those meetings where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed. While this language is not unprecedented, it has caused concern among many experts of all political stripes, particularly when it is juxtaposed against the decision to give Mr. Bannon unfettered access to the NSC PC meetings. 
Accordingly, my bill will express the view of Congress that the DNI and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, given their importance to national security, should have a standing invitation to attend all PC meetings. I invite my colleagues to support this legislation which seeks to protect the NSC from political interference, and to ensure that the President receives the best possible advice from his national security experts—experts who will recommend actions because they are in the best interest of the American people and not because they are politically expedient. 
FAREWELL TO SCOTT GRAVES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I just came back from the organizing committee meeting with my good friend from California for the House Agriculture Committee. I appreciate the opportunity to work with this gentleman and all of the folks who serve on that committee that really provides policy to our Nation’s agriculture industry. It is about making sure that Americans have access to affordable, high quality, and safe food. I actually look at the Agriculture Committee as well as having a dual mission of making sure that the rural economies of our Nation are robust or successful. Mr. Speaker, I rise to say thank you and farewell to Scott Graves, staff director of the House Agriculture Committee, an individual who served well for many years. Mr. Speaker, as you know, there is a right way to do business here in the House, and Scott Graves has understood what it takes to manage the Agriculture Committee, the chairman’s personal affairs and agenda. But he also has found time to help out members of this committee from both sides of the aisle. Knowing is one thing; execution is everything. I have always been impressed with the way we have been able to work on the committee in a bipartisan manner for the good of agriculture, and 320 million Americans have benefited from safety, innovation, and forward thinking of the agriculture industry. Under Scott’s leadership, he made this look easy. Now, as he embarks upon the next step in his career, I wish Scott Graves all the best, his wife, his little boy, and his little one to be born later this year. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has a slogan on every road sign entering the State, and the sign reads, ‘‘You’ve got a friend in Pennsylvania.’’ Well, Scott, you don’t have to drive far, but realize this holds true for me and all of my staff, you’ve got a friend in Pennsylvania. SNAP HELPS LIFT PEOPLE OUT OF POVERTY  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Nutrition for the 115th Congress, I am confident that we must work to ensure that the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program known as SNAP is meeting the needs of those that it is intended to serve. The House Agriculture Committee hearings have highlighted how nutrition matters and the specific ways that vulnerable populations are well served by a strong, sound, and reliable food program. SNAP serves a diverse population who share a common need for nutritional support beyond what is available based on personal means, family support, and community resources. Now, according to a 2015 USDA report, 42.7 percent of SNAP recipients are children, while single parent households are more susceptible to food insecurity, especially those who are single mothers. Twoparent families also struggle, at times, to put food on the table. Children whose households face food insecurity, face both negative developmental and health consequences. A child’s future success goes beyond what any single government program can or should achieve. SNAP is not the only means of breaking the cycle of poverty, but it certainly plays a key role in increasing food security for children. Mr. Speaker, for me, SNAP is not merely a food program but a pathway that works to lift people out of poverty. It is a tool for the better health and development of our children who deserve no less. 
ALI FAMILY AND EXECUTIVE ORDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to a 12yearold girl Emon Ali, who is stuck in Djibouti. Emon and her father, Ahmed Ali, who is an American citizen, are in Djibouti because of President Trump’s flawed executive order to ban travel to the United States. The Ali family is like many immigrant families throughout our country, including my own, who came to the United States in hopes of achieving the American Dream. As Americans, we know that the Statute of Liberty is a symbol of freedom and new beginnings for immigrants past and present, and it is a symbol around the entire world for the values that America holds. Since the founding of our country, immigrants from all over the world have been coming to the United States to make a better life for themselves and their families, or to escape persecution. Mr. Ali and his wife immigrated to the United States and earned their U.S. citizenships in hopes of achieving that American Dream. They had been making a living in my district and are supporting their two daughters in Los Banos, California. But they have also been living in sadness and heartbreak because their 12year old daughter, Emon, was born in Yemen before the civil war. For 6 years, the Ali family has been working through the appropriate channels to get their daughter a visa so she can gain U.S. citizenship and be reunited with her family legally. On January 26, after years of going through a thorough vetting process, Emon finally received her immigrant visa—after 6 years. You could call that extreme vetting. One day later, on the 27th, President Trump turned the Ali family’s and hundreds of other families’ lives upside down by signing an executive order to implement a travel ban to prohibit refugees and others from coming to the United States. That is not the American way. Hours after this executive order was signed, Emon and her father went to the airport in Djibouti, passed through security, and, when boarding the plane, Emon was told by the airline that she could not board because of the recently signed executive order. b1030 The immigrant visa issued to Emon would have given her status as a lawful permanent resident upon entering the U.S. And since she is 12 years old and both of her parents are U.S. citizens, Emon would have immediately been eligible to file for U.S. citizenship. President Trump’s executive order is preventing this legal process from taking place and is putting Emon and her father in harm’s way while they wait in Djibouti. In the past 48 hours, the Trump administration has been defending this executive order, saying it is not a travel ban or a ban on refugees. So I would like to ask the President: How is this executive order not a ban on refugees or individuals who have been legally approved to enter the United States? It certainly is a ban for Emon. And how is keeping this 12yearold girl out of the United States from joining her family making America safer? It is not making Americans safer. Extreme vetting was in place during both the Bush and Obama administrations. We just didn’t call it that by name. This travel ban is flawed, both in its lack of adherence to American values and its technical execution, which is banning Emon from coming here, and it could possibly be ruled unconstitutional. A bipartisan group of national security experts agree that the executive order does not make Americans safer and could potentially put our country at greater risk for terrorist attacks. I agree with them. Since September 11, 2001, we have focused a bipartisan effort to improve 
American security for Americans both at home and abroad, and by and large, it has been very successful. It is our first constitutional duty to ensure the national defense and the safety of Americans, but I think President Trump’s executive order is doing the opposite. The executive order will create a rallying cry for Islamic extremists around the world to say that America is now engaged in a war against the religion of Islam. No good can come from that. It is clear that this executive order is putting Emon and her father in harm’s way in Djibouti. So, Mr. President, Secretary Kelly, I appeal to your compassion and to your common sense. This 12yearold girl, Emon, has been extremely vetted for 6 years or whatever you would like to call it. She is not a threat to our country. Let her join her American family. My staff and I are working diligently through the appropriate channels with the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State to bring Mr. Ali and his daughter home as soon as possible. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are advised to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to the President. 
RECTIFICATION FOR MERRICK GARLAND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in April of 1963, literary history was made when Dr. King published his letter from the Birmingham jail. In that letter, Mr. Speaker, Dr. King proclaimed: ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ Mr. Speaker, these words were true then and they are true today. Injustice anywhere is still a threat to justice everywhere. And, Mr. Speaker, when the Republican leadership decided to hold up Merrick Garland, they did more than hold up a nominee. They did more than prevent him from being heard. They did more than approve him such that he could become a Justice on the Supreme Court. They did more than prevent President Obama from having the opportunity to appoint a nominee to the Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker. When they held up Merrick Garland, they hijacked justice. They hijacked justice and prevented the American people from having the opportunity to hear of the credentials of Merrick Garland so that he could receive just consideration. They didn’t have to approve him, but they should have in the sense of justice. They should have given him the opportunity to be heard. They hijacked justice. When you hijack justice, this type of injustice cannot go unchecked. We cannot allow the legitimization of that hijacking to take place today. If we move forward with the nominee being proposed by the Republican leadership by the President of the United States, this would be an effort not only to legitimize, it would legitimize the process that they employed to hijack justice. I refuse to stand with those who would hijack justice. The American people refuse to stand with those who would hijack justice. The American people are demanding that a just system be in place. The only way a just system can be in place is for what happened to Merrick Garland to be rectified. This is not retaliation that I am speaking of. This is not retaliation. This is rectification. There has to be rectification for what happened to Merrick Garland, and rectification requires that the Senate take up Merrick Garland. I believe the American people want the Senate to take up Merrick Garland so that he, too, can receive justice; so that this country can receive justice; so that the American people can receive justice; so that they can hear about Merrick Garland’s credentials. Yes, the current nominee has great credentials, but so does Merrick Garland. There are many adjectives that can be used to describe the current nominee, but there are many great adjectives that can be utilized to describe Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland deserves his day. Without his day, we cannot go forward in a just way. So I encourage the American people to do that which is just; contact those who have a voice in this and say to them: Do not approve any nominee until there is justice for Merrick Garland and justice for the American people, justice for what occurred when they hijacked a nominee to the Supreme Court, hijacked a nomination, hijacked an opportunity. Hijacking cannot be tolerated. Dr. King was right; injustice anywhere is still a threat to justice everywhere. But he also went on to say immediately thereafter that life is an ‘‘inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.’’ This hijacking that took place last year is going to impact all in this country indirectly because every person in this country will be subjected to the rulings of a Supreme Court with a nominee that will have an asterisk by his name because his opportunity exists as a result of a hijacking that took place. Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere, and we ought to realize that this injustice cannot be tolerated and must be rectified. It is not retaliation. It is rectification. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the Senate. 
DO NOT DESTROY THE AMERICAN DREAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share a story that has weighed heavy on my heart. The President speaks about keeping America safe. He speaks about building a wall. He speaks about deporting undocumented immigrants. His rhetoric of hate and fear is causing millions of families unspeakable pain. This is happening in every community across our country and it is happening in my community. I want to share a letter I received from one of my office’s most dedicated interns one week after the election. This young man was such a positive force in my office. He took on tasks with a smile. He had an insatiable appetite for learning about our government. He was one of the finest interns our office has ever seen. I was proud to have him to be one of the first people that our constituents interacted with when they contacted our office. But a week after the election, this young man, Sergio, went home. He left me this letter, which I will read to you in its entirety because Sergio tells his own story better than I ever could: ‘‘Dear Representative DeLauro: ‘‘I was honored to intern in your Washington office and learn more about the government of the United States, and more specifically responding to constituents’ concerns. Walking through the long tunnels that connect the congressional buildings to the Capitol I began to envision myself working in the District of Columbia upon graduation. But like for many people, the election results have forced me to take a different path. ‘‘After the Presidential election, all the stability that had allowed my family and me to become part of the American life was turned into fear and doubt about our future. Not only has the Presidentelect vowed to deport millions of undocumented immigrants, but he also promised to remove the DACA program. For this reason, I had to return to New Haven and assist my family as we figure out which decisions are the best to take moving forward. Thus, I am sorry to inform you that I will no longer be able to continue my internship in your Washington, D.C. office. ‘‘I want to express that while I am in constant fear questioning whether I will be able to complete my undergraduate degree, or if my U.S.citizen sister will be separated from us, I am not giving in. My best memory working in your office was running into an old employer who came to the office for a Capitol tour. Reflecting on the aspirations I had working as a busser to get myself through high school, I remember your persona always providing me with hope. That hope has grown exponentially as I reminisce on the times you walked into the office and greeted all your interns with such gratitude and enthusiasm. ‘‘With infinite gratitude, Sergio.’’ 
How does this promising young man’s fear make us safer? How can we stand idly by while his family navigates unspeakable anxiety and pain? How can we live with ourselves if we let these hateful policies stand? Sergio is a bright young man dedicated to public service, and now he is a young man questioning his future and the future of his family. This story breaks my heart; it should break yours. President Trump’s executive orders are not just antiimmigrant; they are antiAmerican. Most of our families, including my own, came to this country as immigrants. My father came through Ellis Island in 1913 as an immigrant from Italy. He was in school, and he had to leave school in the seventh grade as he was 11 years old because his teachers and his classmates laughed at him. He got himself an education, served his country in the United States military for 8 years, served on the City Council in New Haven, worked as hard as he could along with my mother, whose mother and father came from Italy before her. They scrimped and they saved to give me the finest education. And as an immigrant family, they could only dare dream that I would sit in the United States House of Representatives and be here today. It is the American Dream. It is what this Nation is all about as we stand under this dome in this building, the seat of our democracy. Do not let any individual, any political party destroy that American Dream. Our country is made richer by immigrants. We have always welcomed men, women, and children to our shores so that they can build a better life and build a stronger nation. The President’s executive orders are an insult to our country’s roots and our values. Instead of uniting us, he threatens to further divide us. I stand with Sergio and the millions of people like him whose futures are in flux because of this administration’s misguided policies. Do not destroy the American Dream. 
NATIONAL CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of National Catholic Schools Week and to recognize the outstanding contributions that Catholic schools have made and continue to make to our Nation. As a proud graduate of St. Symphorosa Grammar School and St. Ignatius College Prep and as a strong supporter of Catholic education, I have introduced H. Res. 57, honoring January 29 through February 4 as National Catholic Schools Week. I would like to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) for working with me on this resolution and on other issues. Following his Catholic faith, Mr. SMITH is one of our greatest defenders of freedom and human rights around the world. This year marks the 43rd anniversary of Catholic Schools Week. Since 1974, Catholic Schools Week has celebrated the important role that these institutions play in America and their excellent reputation for providing a strong academic and moral education as well as teaching community responsibility and outreach. b1045 This year’s theme, ‘‘Catholic Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowledge, and Service,’’ highlights the values that are the centerpiece of a Catholic education. Today, over 2 million elementary and secondary school students are enrolled in over 6,600 Catholic schools. These students typically surpass their peers in math, science, reading, history, and geography in the NAEP test. The same is true for SAT scores. And the graduation rate for Catholic high school students is 99 percent, with 85 percent of graduates enrolling in a 4year college. As we continually hear disturbing reports about our national test scores, these statistics are truly remarkable and should be commended. Notably, the success of Catholic schools does not depend on selectivity. These academic achievements are realized by students from all walks of life. Catholic schools accept 9 out of 10 students who apply and are highly effective in providing a quality education to students from every socioeconomic category, especially the disadvantaged and underserved urban communities. Over the past 30 years, the percentage of minority students enrolled in Catholic schools has more than doubled, and today they constitute about onethird of all Catholic school students. In times of economic hardship, Catholic schools can provide an affordable alternative to other forms of private education. In addition to learning reading, writing, and arithmetic, students also learn responsibility and how to become persons of character and integrity. America’s Catholic schools produce graduates with the skills and integrity needed by our businesses, governments, and communities, emphasizing a well rounded educational experience and instilling the values of giving back to the community and helping others. That is why ‘‘service’’ is in this year’s Catholic Schools Week theme. My own decision to pursue a career in public service was fostered, in part, by dedicated teachers throughout my formative years at Catholic schools. I celebrated Catholic Schools Week last week at a number of schools in my district. I visited St. Barbara Grammar School, which is located in the Bridgeport neighborhood of Chicago. I met with Principal Nicole Nolazco and the student council, and I spoke to and took questions from an allschool assembly. I visited Everest Academy in Lemont, where Principal Lori Broncato and Father Jason gave me a tour of the quickly growing school, and I answered questions from students before the whole school wowed me with an impressive version of the song, ‘‘America.’’ Finally, I visited my alma mater, St. Symphorosa, in the Clearing neighborhood in Chicago. I met with Principal Kathy Berry and Father Idzi and spoke to students about my experiences at St. Syms and how my Catholic education made it possible for me to serve in the U.S. Congress. These are just three of the many wonderful Catholic schools in my district that are part of the Chicago Archdiocese and the Joliet Diocese. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating and thanking Catholic schools across the country, which provide firstclass, wellrounded educations and contribute so much to our Nation. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You that we are a nation fashioned out of diverse peoples and cultures, brought forth on this continent in a way not unlike the ancient people of Israel. As out of a desert, You led our American ancestors to this promised land where they declared their independence and constituted a new nation founded upon unalienable rights given to us by You, our Creator. Bless our Nation with wisdom, knowledge, and understanding, and bless the Members of this people’s House. Renew in us the adoption by Your Spirit that we may affirm our freedoms, not only with the conviction in the way we understand others, but in ourselves by actions proven beyond words. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done here this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. DINGELL led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, many times, people ask me: Just what is it about regulations that kills jobs? That is what we are involved in this week is undoing some of those regulations. I will be introducing one today to unwind a regulation that the BLM recently put into place. What happened is, over a year ago, for the first time in 40 years, we allowed Americans to export oil. We are diminishing the trade deficits—that is, we are making our economy stronger— by shipping to South American countries and to countries all over the world. It is good for American jobs. Then the BLM comes in and puts in its onshore oil and gas order No. 3 rule, which will make it more difficult for us to produce oil off of public lands. It simply shouldn’t be there. We are introducing legislation today that will reject that as a bureaucratic entanglement of job creation in the country. That is as simple as we could be. We look forward to the support of the Members of the House. EXPAND AND STRENGTHEN SOCIAL SECURITY (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, this week in 1940, the first Social Security check was issued. Since then, it has been one of our Nation’s most impactful and successful programs. Social Security is based on a simple premise: if you work hard, you should live a dignified retirement. It has been a critical lifeline for America’s seniors, tens of millions of whom were pulled out of poverty because of this program. In order for Social Security to continue to fulfill its promise, Congress and the administration need to work together. I am concerned that the new administration may wish to dismantle Social Security as we know it. The President’s choice for Budget Director has a long track record of calling for raises in the retirement age and of lowering Social Security benefit payouts. In 2011, when my Republican colleagues proposed cuts to Social Security, the nominee argued that the cuts were not rapid enough. This is unacceptable. We cannot afford to weaken Social Security. We should expand and strengthen this program. We need to make Social Security more generous and increase the benefits so that today’s and tomorrow’s retirees get the dignified retirements that they have earned. This is also good for economic growth, higher wages, higher demand, higher economic growth, and opportunity. f 
THE ROBESONIAN (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of The Robesonian newspaper in Lumberton, North Carolina, and their exceptional public service during the massive floods caused by Hurricane Matthew. Last October, Lumberton was inundated with rain. The water treatment plant was under 4 feet of water; Interstate 95 was shut down; hundreds of homes and businesses were destroyed. The devastation, which I witnessed firsthand, was unbelievable. The Robesonian’s own offices were destroyed, and much of the staff suffered personal loss, slept in offices, went without showers; yet the newspaper continued to share vital information online and via social media. Mr. Speaker, during this emergency, The Robesonian’s website and social media were the only way many residents of Robeson County could access updated information on shelters and water distribution. Thank you to the dedicated staff of The Robesonian for putting the community first and serving with distinction during the Hurricane Matthew floods. f 
MUSLIM AND REFUGEE BAN (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give voice to my constituents and their families whose worlds have been turned upside down following President Trump’s executive order last Friday, which they feel is directed at Muslims. Since the order was signed, we have been flooded with calls, with messages; and no matter where I am in the district, people are scared and terrified. I cannot convey to this House enough the feelings of individuals who have gone through a stringent vetting process, who hold green cards, who are official legal residents—in some cases, even citizens—who are afraid that someone is going to knock on their door at 3 a.m. and take and deport them from this country. They are real people. The Detroit headlines are full today of stories of an Iraqi whose mother died, who had served with the military in Iraq, and was trying to bring his mother back. He is an American citizen. Another is a doctor whose wife is in Qatar and had taken her baby home—both here legally. We all care about keeping this Nation safe. We also have to protect the fundamental pillars of our Constitution. 
MIAMI LIGHTHOUSE DIAMOND ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the Miami Lighthouse for the Blind and Visually Impaired, an amazing nonprofit service organization which is located in my congressional district, on its recent Diamond Anniversary Celebration of 85 years of service. The Miami Lighthouse has served south Florida since 1931, offering essential programs and experiences for all of those who have visual impairments. As a cochair of the Congressional Vision Caucus, I understand the importance of the mission of the Miami Lighthouse: to provide vision rehabilitation, eye health services that promote independence, to collaborate with and train professionals, and to conduct research in related fields. Mr. Speaker, organizations like the Miami Lighthouse form the backbone of our civil society. Congratulations to my dear friend Virginia Jacko and all of the staff and many volunteers of the Miami Lighthouse as they continue their life changing work into their 86th year. 
TRUMP WHITE HOUSE’S POLICIES (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give voice to millions of Illinoisans who are outraged by President Trump and his disastrous first week in office. He has already managed to achieve a 50 percent disapproval rating. Here is a recap of his first week: He closed the White House telephone line, has attacked the health of millions of families and started the process to repeal the ACA—something that experts estimate will kill 43,000 Americans a year, has put politicians and politics between women and their ability to make their own healthcare choices. His Cabinet is stocked with a foreclosure king, a billionaire lobbyist, and someone rejected from the Federal bench for racially charged rhetoric. He capped off last week with the unconstitutional and unAmerican Muslim ban that makes us less safe. It was so awful that it achieved bipartisan condemnation. Even our allies are starting to retreat from us. More than a million U.K. citizens signed a petition to keep President Trump from visiting. As we face new and emerging threats, can we afford to allow this administration to alienate us from longheld allies? Mr. Speaker, it is time to get serious about the Trump White House’s policies. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING CHIEF SPECIAL WARFARE OPERATOR RYAN OWENS (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart to honor Ryan Owens, a Navy SEAL from Peoria, Illinois—my hometown—who paid the ultimate sacrifice for his country over the weekend in Yemen. Ryan Owens, with his elite counterterrorism unit, SEAL Team Six, was fatally wounded during a night raid against al Qaeda in Yemen. The Department of Defense reported that the raid was a success but that the price was steep. The Constitution of our great Nation was written in ink, but those principles are defended in blood. This remarkable man’s sacrifice is a painful reminder of the immeasurable cost of our freedom and national security and of the dark evil we face as we wage the war against terrorism. My thoughts and prayers are with Ryan’s grieving family this week: his father, his wife, and his children. I pray that they will take comfort in knowing that his death was not in vain and that neighbors, community, and Nation are joining them in mourning his death and in remembering his life. Ryan Owens will be posthumously awarded with the Purple Heart. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I would ask that the House rise in a moment of silence to pay tribute to Navy SEAL Ryan Owens for his exceptional service to our country. f 
STOP THE MUSLIM AND REFUGEE BAN (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, just hours before President Trump’s inauguration, I met a young woman in my district from Djibouti who was named Fozia. Fozia had worked with our military as an interpreter. She came to the United States for the freedom and safety she could not find in her home country; but as a Muslim and immigrant, the rhetoric she heard during the election had made her question whether she was welcome here. Since President Trump has issued his backdoor ban on Muslim immigrants and a halt on all refugees, I have thought of Fozia often as well as thousands of other refugees and asylees who have undergone arduous journeys and thorough vetting to make Maine their home. These good people have enriched our State in many ways—raising families and filling a vital need in our aging workforce. They live in New England cities with French names that were built by Irish laborers, reminders of the many generations of immigrants who came here for a better life and who helped make our country great. President Trump’s order is likely unconstitutional, but without a doubt, it is unAmerican. This Congress is guilty of the same sin if we don’t do everything in our power to stop it. 
b1215 PRESIDENT’S EFFORTS ARE BEING DISTORTED (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, approximately 58 percent of the people in this world have to get by on $4 or less a day. This means roughly 4 billion of the 7 billion in the world are living in extreme or very great poverty. If we simply opened our borders, probably several hundred million would come here over the next 2 or 3 years. Our entire infrastructure—our schools, hospitals, jails, sewers, roads—in fact, our entire economy could not handle a massive, rapid influx like that. The American people are the kindest, most generous people in the world. We have allowed far more immigration than any other country over the last 50 years—many millions. No other country has even come close. But we must enforce our immigration laws. The great majority of the American people want border security. President Trump’s immigration order was not a Muslim ban. It did not even apply to 9 of the 10 largest population Muslim countries. The President’s efforts are being completely distorted. He is simply trying to do what the people want. f 
TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION POLICIES POPULAR (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for days the media has saturated the news with stories savaging President Trump for his immigration executive orders. The President wants to protect Americans by temporarily halting the admission of refugees from seven countries considered security threats to the United States. Despite the media’s heavily biased coverage, the American people still agree with the President. A USA Today poll found that 53 percent support ‘‘registering immigrants from Muslimmajority countries.’’ Only 41 percent oppose it. Even the poll was slanted against the President. The question asked implied that all Muslimmajority countries were affected, which is not true. It also used the word ‘‘register,’’ which has negative connotations and besides is not accurate. A more factual question that inquired about stricter vetting of refugees from the seven countries that pose security risks likely would have garnered even more support for the President’s executive actions. The media did everything they could to turn the public against the President, but it didn’t work. The American people are smarter than the media thinks. 
REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE TAX (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support a permanent repeal of the medical device tax. The more than 7,000 medical device companies in the United States contribute hundreds of billions of dollars to our economy every year, employing over 400,000 Americans, and creating lifesaving technologies that benefit patients around the world. Many of these device manufacturers are based in my district in and around Warsaw, Indiana, and we are proud that Warsaw is often called the orthopedic capital of the world. The vast majority of medical device manufacturers employ fewer than 50 
people, with many generating little to no sales revenue. This is what makes the potential reinstatement of the 2.3 percent excise tax on medical device sales so harmful. This misguided tax would subject the medical device industry to one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world and eliminate thousands of jobs. Repealing this tax has broad, bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress, and I urge my colleagues to make eliminating this tax a top legislative priority in 2017. 
RECOGNIZING CHANCELLOR KEITH CARVER (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chancellor Keith Carver and celebrate his appointment as chancellor of the University of Tennessee at Martin. I have known Keith Carver for more than 30 years, and I could not think of anyone more deserving of this prestigious role. We met during college at the University of Memphis. And during that time, I was always impressed by his energy, his creativity, and his focus. Most importantly, he was and certainly still is an incredibly strong leader; and that is the most important part. I believe that Dr. Carver is the right person at the right time—a time when this university needs strong, responsible leadership. I am so excited for the town of Martin, for the University of Tennessee system, and the entire Volunteer State in this prosperous new era under Dr. Carver’s strong leadership. I can’t wait to see what great things we can accomplish together. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 41, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 40, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 71 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of the rule and the underlying resolutions. Before us is a resolution of disapproval that restores constitutional rights and empowers individuals with disabilities. Many of us know someone who struggles with a disability. We know friends or family who have mental challenges. We know these people, and we know they deserve the same constitutional protections as everyone else. That is why this resolution is so important. It ends discrimination against individuals with disabilities. It restores due process rights. It keeps the Social Security Administration focused on its duty. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration’s lastminute regulation to strip disability benefit recipients of their constitutional rights is deeply troubling. The regulation at hand declares that just because an individual needs assistance in managing their disability benefits, they are also unfit to own a firearm. But this kind of thinking is discriminatory, forcing those with disabilities to choose between their constitutional rights or their disability benefits turns back the clock on disability rights. This regulation singles out a single constitutional right to strip away from a group of Americans. It doesn’t make sense. Why take away one right and not others? Why not also strip those citizens of the right to vote or the right to trial by jury or the right to free speech? In this country, your rights can’t be limited without due process, but this regulation limits a constitutional right and only offers the recourse of appeal after the decision has been made. When it is easier to have your rights stripped away than to have them restored, it means your due process rights have also died in the process. Mr. Speaker, this resolution restores the due process rights of individuals with disabilities. This resolution also refocuses the Social Security Administration. The agency’s job is to administer benefits to Americans, not adjudicate cases concerning constitutional rights. Mr. Speaker, I am also worried that this regulation will divert precious Social Security Administration resources from vital agency tasks. We trust the agency to fulfill our commitments to seniors and those with disabilities. This regulation distracts from those sacred promises. I thank Mr. JOHNSON and my colleagues for their hard work on this resolution. We need to pass it. Mr. Speaker, we also need to pass the joint resolution of disapproval for the DoddFrank section 1504 regulation. This resolution restores competitiveness to American energy companies. It allows American companies to comply with foreign and domestic laws, and it protects American workers abroad. Section 1504 of DoddFrank requires companies to report their payments to our government or foreign governments related to oil, natural gas, and mineral extraction. After reporting this to the SEC, the agency publishes these disclosures. This process is costly and unfair to American businesses. By forcing disclosure of projectlevel sensitive business information, American energy companies will face a disadvantage against governmentowned energy companies. Since government owned companies control threequarters of the world’s oil supply, this regulation could drastically impair the competitiveness of American companies. And the actual cost of compliance limit, estimated by the American Petroleum Institute to take 217,000 employee hours over a 3year period, would be devastating. Section 1504 must also be rolled back because it might force American companies to break the law of foreign countries. Some foreign nations prohibit the very disclosure requirements 
required by this SEC regulation. Our companies should not have to decide between following the rule of law here and following it abroad. Finally, by forcing such detailed and specific disclosures to the public, section 1504 could make energy extraction sites prime targets for terrorists. Whether in the U.S. or abroad, we need to wisely protect American workers from terrorism and other threats. Mr. Speaker, this resolution restores competitiveness to American companies, allowing them to contribute to the global energy economy in a safe, secure, and legal manner. It is time for Congress to reassert its authority and fix this poorly implemented legislation. I commend the work done by Representative HUIZENGA and my colleagues on this important resolution, and I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) for extending me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, we are only one month into 2017; and today we have another closed rule or, as I call them now, Putin rules. This is the kind of process they have in Russia: no amendments, no debate, no nothing, completely shut down. It is your way or the highway. This is not the way the United States House of Representatives, the greatest deliberative body in the world, should be run. This is shameful. I have very serious concerns about the road that we are traveling down, Mr. Speaker. The 115th Congress is only a few weeks old, and we have already ushered in a process that is alarmingly restrictive. Sadly, it has become routine in this Republican House for the majority to close down the process, rush bills through the House without regular order, enforce the rules for Democrats but not for Republicans, and insist on spending all of our time on partisan legislation instead of working together to find bipartisan compromises and solutions to the real problems facing American families and workers. Mr. Speaker, today’s legislation makes clear that the Republicans are eager to repeal protections put in place to help the American people. We should be working to expand opportunity for hardworking families and strengthen safeguards to put the American people first, not corporations, not wealthy CEOs, not big donors, and not special interests, but the people ought to come first. b1230 Today is another sad day. We are engaged in what I would call mindless legislating. While my Republican friends say they want to repeal needless regulation—something that we all want to do—the process my Republican friends have embraced, to put it gently, is reckless. No matter what you think of a particular regulation, or rule—or, in many cases, they are protections— no matter what you may think of a particular regulation, there is no denying that these rules that my Republican friends are bringing to the floor to repeal went through a vigorous process that took months and months, and even years to complete. They went through agency review. They went through a lengthy comment period, oftentimes thousands, if not tens of thousands, of people weighed in on the pros and cons of a particular idea. But the idea that we would just erase them with the blink of an eye, no hearings, no markups, nothing, it is a mindless way to legislate and a disturbing way to govern. The ‘‘act first and think later’’ approach was on full display with President Trump’s Muslim ban. It was so hastily enacted that his own Secretary of Homeland Security didn’t even know that the President was signing the executive order until he saw it on cable news. The Trump White House did such a poor job of briefing the Federal agencies charged with enforcing the policy that airports across the country were caught completely off guard, and there was widespread confusion and chaos about how to carry it out. That is what happens when you don’t embrace a process that is thoughtful. You get confusion, you get chaos, and you usually get bad policy. The mindless approach to governing by Republicans continued this week. On Monday, President Trump announced that, for every new regulation passed, two regulations must be repealed. That is it. No details on what kind of regulations would be repealed, or why they would be repealed. This is a blind shotgun and arbitrary approach to our Nation’s laws. We shouldn’t be dumbing down the way we govern. The American people deserve better from their leaders in Congress, and I think they deserve better from their leaders in the White House. Now, when this legislation came before the Rules Committee the other night, there were plenty of questions. The hearing went on for a long time. Lots of the questions came from my Republican friends. And I will tell you, the chairman’s answers were not always that enlightening. I think maybe some more hearings would have helped. But in response to some of these objections, namely, did the bill undergo any review by a committee, one of my Republican friends—and it may have been the gentleman from Colorado—said: We don’t have time. We don’t have time for hearings. We have so many regulations that we want to repeal. Don’t have the time for a hearing? Don’t have the time to understand what we are doing? I thought that was part of our job. We were supposed to deliberate. We were supposed to read the bill. We were supposed to understand the impact of the actions that we may or may not take in this Congress. That is our job. The American people have given us the responsibility to take the time to do our job right and to carefully consider the laws we pass. To say that we don’t have time for hearings and deliberation—never mind, we don’t have time to allow an open process where people might want to offer amendments—is ridiculous. It is shameful. And I will tell my Republican friends, stand up to your leadership on this. This is not the way this House should be run. So as we consider the repeal of the NICS rule, we should remember that Congress has failed to take any meaningful action on gun violence at all. We have massacres on a regular basis in this country. All we do is we have a moment of silence. That is our response. We have a high rate of suicides in this country due to gun violence. It is something we ought to talk about. And I think that the NICS rule is a commonsense, responsible gun safety measure that could potentially save the lives of thousands of people in this country. I think Congress has the responsibility to keep our families safe, not remove safeguards that help prevent gun violence. Far too many have lost their lives to preventable gun violence. This rule is intended to keep firearms out of the hands of those suffering from severe mental illness. That is a commonsense idea that I think we all should agree on. In 2007, President George W. Bush signed a bipartisan bill to identify individuals ineligible to possess firearms because of severe mental health issues. This rule allows for a reporting method to ensure that the law is implemented effectively. It is intended to save lives. Every year in the United States, more than 21,000 people kill themselves, and mental illness is also an important factor. A gun is used in the majority of these cases. The people listed on NICS are the 75,000 dealing with the most severe mental illnesses. These are people who need help, not access to a dangerous weapon like a gun. I think this rule is a critical step, but we must close the online gun show loopholes, and we must ensure universal background checks. I think we ought to bring to the floor a bill that says that if the FBI and our security agencies have put you on a terrorist watch list and think that you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, then you ought not to be able to go out and buy a gun. But under the way this House is run, we can’t even bring those things to the floor for a debate. The Republican leadership and the Republican Rules Committee blocks it so that there can’t be real deliberation on the House floor. When people ask me all the time, Why can’t you have a debate on this, or why can’t you have a vote on it, I have to explain that the House Rules Committee, run by nine Republicans, says 
no to everything, says no to every idea that they don’t absolutely embrace. And that is not the way Congress should be run. Mr. Speaker, even if you disagree with me on the value of this rule, I think it is an important enough issue that there ought to have been a hearing. There ought to have been that opportunity to deliberate and to talk about it and what the impacts are. But no, nothing. We don’t have the time. So here we are. Mr. Speaker, the other bill before us is a naked attempt by Republicans to undo anticorruption rules. The rule that they are so upset about would require energy companies on the U.S. stock exchange to disclose payments they make to foreign governments for access to their natural resources. Now, there are reasons for this. It is important that there be transparency. We heard all about the plans to drain the swamp, but President Trump and the Republicans are doing all they can to turn the swamp into a cesspool. Putting aside all of his conflicts of interest that, I think, are on a collision course with corruption, I mean, repealing things like this, is just a bad idea. The Republicans in Congress are trying to roll back regulations like this one that are aimed at increasing transparency and fighting corruption. ExxonMobil heavily lobbied against this rule. And now, with former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson on the cusp of becoming our country’s new Secretary of State, Republicans are proposing to kill this anticorruption rule that benefits Big Oil. That is reckless, and it is irresponsible. When this rule was enacted as part of the DoddFrank bill in 2010, the Big Oil lobbies strongly fought against it in court, but Congress fought back to assert America’s traditional role as a global leader in fighting corruption. American leadership delivered results. The European Union promptly moved to enact nearly identical legislation, as did Canada with support of its global mining companies. But now, Big Oil is back seeking repeal of the rule so their payments can be kept secret from the American people. They claim they will be at a competitive disadvantage to foreigners, or they will have to reveal commercially sensitive information. But with Europe and Canada in the same disclosure system, the playing field is now level and the companies already filing have suffered no commercial harm, nor revealed vital secrets. The fact is, this won’t cost a single American job, and the only thing oil companies will need to do differently is report their numbers. Aside from Big Oil, those most eager to repeal this rule are autocrats in places like Russia, Iran, and Venezuela—with oil wells, gas fields, or copper mines—who want to keep the money secret from their citizens. Why should we do their bidding? Why should we be in league with them? On top of that, this rule is our most affordable and effective way to fight corruption abroad. We cannot afford to betray our own principles and severely undercut our allies in Europe and Canada. It would cost countless lives over the long run and endanger our security. We need to put American interests first, ahead of the special interests, ahead of the corporate interests, and retain that important rule. Obviously, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the repeal of these two rules, but you got to do what you got to do. But I urge you to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. And I ask you to vote ‘‘no’’ because it should be a principle vote. This place is becoming so closed up, so restrictive, that this is not a deliberative body anymore. We are not talking about things anymore. It is basically whatever the leadership wants, whatever Donald Trump wants, you bring to the floor, rubber stamp it, and that is it. I don’t care what political party you are in, nobody who got elected by the people of this country should stand for that kind of process. With that, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate my colleague from Massachusetts raising the issue of a thoughtful process and whether this legislation was rushed to the floor. I think it is worth noting that the original legislation, which this rule seeks to amend, became law in a time when my colleague was in the House and his party was in the majority. The NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 was introduced in the House on June 11, 2007. The bill was moved by Congressman CONYERS under suspension of the rules and passed by the House on June 13, 2007. There was no markup in the Judiciary Committee. There was no meaningful debate on the floor. The bill was rammed through the House in 3 days without any thought to the potential consequences of its passage. It passed the Senate by unanimous consent. I did not see others standing up to leadership at that point in time. In its implementation, we are seeing the consequences. They involve the stripping away of constitutional rights and due process rights. They involve the elimination of due process rights. They involve discrimination against individuals with disabilities. As for the point that this rule that we are now debating somehow encourages corruption, the fact is that this regulation puts U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage to state owned entities abroad that are not subject to SEC regulation. Additionally, it costs hundreds of millions of dollars in compliance costs for U.S. businesses. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act already prohibits bribes to foreign governments to obtain or retain business. These are legitimate payments being made to foreign governments, the payments that we are discussing here, and we should still prosecute any corruption to the full extent of the law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. With regard to the NICS bill, I have a very different version of history than the gentleman does, including one that represents a bipartisan compromise with the Bush White House. So I have a very, very different recollection of history than he does on that. And on the other bill, it is all about corruption, and it is all about giving Big Oil what they want. At the end of the day, the two interests that are most happy with the repeal of this rule are Big Oil and Russia. And if that is where we believe that we ought to be using our energy to help then go ahead and vote to repeal it. But again, I think that this process speaks for itself. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question, and, if they do, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative LOFGREN ’s bill to overturn and defund President Trump’s immoral, unconstitutional, and discriminatory executive order banning Syrian refugees and suspending immigration from certain countries. President Trump’s executive order flies in the face of our Nation’s values. It compromises our national security by providing terrorist groups with a recruiting tool. This executive order needs to be overturned, and, if we defeat the previous question, we will bring up legislation to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) to discuss our proposal. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote against this previous question so that the bill to overturn President Trump’s illadvised ban on travel can be addressed. b1245 There has been a lot of dustup and discussion about this, but, really, if you read the order, it is very clear what it does. It suspends entry for 90 days of all immigrants—that is green card holders—and nonimmigrants from seven Muslim majority countries. It also suspends all refugee admission for 120 days. Now, there has been discussion about the Middle East refugees, but if you look at last year, most of the refugees who came in were from the Congo and 
also from Burma. Those individuals who have suffered—they have been tortured—are going to stay in the refugee camps at least for 120 days, and, obviously, this disrupts the program. This will be a much longer end to the refugee program. Now, there is an exception, and the President has said he wants to let Christian refugees in, and the order itself says minority religions. There is a problem not only with violating the law because the Immigration and Nationality Act prohibits discrimination based on nationality and on religion, but also the premise is that Christians who had been persecuted were not admitted as refugees. That is simply false. That is false. There were large numbers of refugees who have been persecuted, including Christians. This order violates the Immigration and Nationality Act. It also violates the Constitution. That is why my bill should be brought up. I am going to give you just two examples. One is General Talib alKenani, who is an Iraqi fourstar general who is commanding an elite, American trained counterterrorism unit that has led the fight against ISIS for the last 2 years. His wife and children were moved to the United States because staying in Iraq was too unsafe for them. He is now unable to visit his family in the United States. He told CBS News: ‘‘We thought we were partners with our American friends, and now we realize we are just considered terrorists.’’ How does this help the fight against ISIS? I want to give you another example. Remember the Yazidis? The Yazidis were being persecuted by ISIS. We remember that they had been isolated at the top of a mountain in Syria; and when President Obama was in office, he acted. We bombed ISIS and we saved the Yazidis. This is what President Obama said: ‘‘When we have the unique capabilities to avert a massacre, then I believe the United States of America cannot turn a blind eye. We can act, carefully and responsibly, to prevent a potential act of genocide. That’s what we’re doing on that mountain.’’ I mention this because there is an individual, a Yazidi woman, who had been the only Yazidi person—woman— in the Iraqi parliament, Vian Dakhil. One week after the President’s announcement, she was injured in a helicopter crash during a mission to deliver humanitarian aid to the Yazidis who were trapped in the siege by ISIS. She has received awards in London, in Dubai, in Vienna, and in Geneva for her human rights work. Ironically, she was supposed to come to Washington, D.C., next week to come to the U.S. Capitol to receive an award from the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. Now, we remember our late colleague, Tom Lantos, the only Member of Congress who survived the Nazi concentration camps, and we have established this humanitarian prize in his memory. This valiant woman now can’t come to Washington, to the U.S. Congress, to receive the Tom Lantos Human Rights Prize because of President Trump’s ban on individuals coming from Syria. This is a ridiculous situation. It is illegal, it is unconstitutional, it is contrary to American values, and it doesn’t make any sense. So I would hope that we can defeat this previous question and that we can do something responsible: stand up for the rule of law, stand up for the Constitution, stand up for common sense, and overturn this executive order. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Does the gentleman have any other speakers? Mr. BUCK. I am waiting for one. I do not have a speaker now, but the gentleman’s eloquence would be welcome at this point and any way that the gentleman would like to inform us on important issues. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, as my distinguished colleague, Ms. LOFGREN , stated, we want to defeat the previous question because we are horrified, quite frankly, by the impact that President Trump’s executive orders on immigration have had on a lot of good, decent people, many of whom have already been vetted. We have students who have been held up who have student visas, we have dual citizens who have been caught up in this mess, and we have people coming to get human rights prizes. I could go on and on and on, but we need to correct this. We are better than this. I would suggest to my Republican friends, rather than circling the wagons to try to defend the indefensible, they ought to join with us and defeat the previous question so that we can actually do the right thing and overturn this narrowminded, misguided, and discriminatory policy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), who sits on the Rules Committee, and Mr. BUCK, who is handling, I think, his first rule as a member of the Rules Committee today. Mr. BUCKis from Windsor, Colorado. He is a secondterm Member and is doing an awesome job not only on his homework duties of recognizing how important it is for Members to understand what we are talking about and why we are doing things, but also enunciation of rules that we are talking about that were promulgated by an administration. Mr. Speaker, what we are really here today to talk about is there are some of those rules and regulations where perhaps you didn’t go through the process that you should have or where there was really a determination made by the American people that rulemaking goes too far. That is why we are here today. We are here today because there is a group of rules that were promulgated that don’t work and that did not really see, in our opinion, the balance of what was going to be in it for the American people. So, in particular, we are here to talk about a Social Security rule that discriminates against individuals with disabilities by denying them their constitutional rights. The gentleman, Mr. MCGOVERN , spoke very clearly about a meeting that we had at the Rules Committee. I think that the witnesses that we had were very specific and that they questioned—including Mr. BUCK, who was most active in his participation in the hearing—to work through the rule that is promulgated but doesn’t make sense when you evaluate it. The administration chose to, I think, without due process, take away from a person based upon a disability that had nothing to do with their ability to effectively control a weapon, but based upon other criteria and to take away a person’s Second Amendment rights. We oppose that. That is one of the reasons why we are here today. This rule that we are going to take away wrongly discriminates against those receiving disability benefits and, I believe, falsely promulgates a stereotype against individuals with mental illness, calling them dangerous. There are people who do have mental illnesses, there are people who are struggling in life, and there are people who need help and seek help; but that is not a criteria for taking away a person’s constitutional right. We are joined in what we believe by the National Council on Disability. This is what they said in a letter that they sent that was dated January 24 of this year: ‘‘There is, simply put, no nexus between the inability to manage money and the ability to safely and responsibly own, possess, or use a firearm. This arbitrary linkage not only unnecessarily and unreasonably deprives individuals with disabilities of a constitutional right, it increases the stigma for those who, due to their disabilities, may need a representative payee. . . . ‘’ So what happened is the rule by the administration linked together these characteristics that they think identify a person as being a risk so they take away their constitutional right. We couldn’t really relate to anybody that had done this, but it simply sounded like a good idea, I am sure, to people, and so they did this. Mr. Speaker, we are not trying to right all wrongs at the Rules Committee, but when you take away somebody’s constitutional rights and take advantage of a person because of their disability, I don’t think that is fair. I am proud of what Mr. BUCKis doing here. I am proud that we stood up on this issue, and I am pleased to be on the floor not only to support Mr. BUCK, 
but people who also live in the congressional district that I represent in Dallas, Texas. I have received several calls from people. While I will not say their names, they live in Dallas, Texas; Garland, Texas; Wylie, Texas; and Rowlett, Texas; and they are worried about their ability to lose their constitutional rights simply because they have some help in managing their affairs but not related to a constitutional right of owning a weapon. So I am pleased to do this. There is no grandstanding necessary. There is an understanding of some things that can be written properly and some things that can’t, and I simply think they got it wrong, and that is what we are going to do here today. I thank the gentleman, Mr. BUCK, for allowing me the chance to speak on this important issue. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman from Colorado if he has additional speakers or is that the speaker we were waiting for? Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I have a few comments before I close, and then I would like to recognize the chairman for additional comments. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Rules Committee for being here today and just reinforce some of what the chairman had to say. As I travel Colorado, I hear from individuals of all walks of life about the regulatory burdens that they face, the burden that has been placed upon them by their own government and how those burdens have impeded their life, liberty, and certainly pursuit of happiness. Smallbusiness owners who would not open their business today because of the change in the business climate find that their tax burden, their regulatory burden, and the attitude of Federal regulators is such that they would choose a different path had they had to do it all over again. I talked to school administrators who are, again, facing a pile of paperwork to comply with school and nutrition requirements that have been promulgated by this previous administration. b1300 I talk to veterans who have to wait on long, long lines and fill out ridiculous paperwork because the Veterans Administration is unable to recognize the necessity, the importance of what those veterans are trying to accomplish at the VA. I am deeply concerned about the regulations, and I am proud that my colleagues have decided to address some of these regulations in the way that they have. I appreciate the chairman standing up on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts not only, once again, for being here, but for responsibly standing up for his party and the things which they not only have a right to bring to the floor, but an opportunity for him to discuss those things as he chooses to justify the rules that we are going to not only discuss their merits, but to really ensure that the American people understand why we believe that these rules that were promulgated need to be overturned. Mr. Speaker, the second joint resolution that was included in Mr. BUCK’s rule is a resolution that discusses the Securities and Exchange Commission related to what is called disclosure of payments by resource extraction issuers. My gosh, what does that mean? Well, we understood the previous administration is anti what they call Big Oil. They are after anybody that is in the oil business. You and I both understand that our country and the world is stronger because we don’t freeze to death in the winter and we don’t get too hot in the summer because we have available energy at a great price. But it means that companies in the United States also go around the world to find other places where they may extract oil or resources related to energy, and the Securities and Exchange Commission published in the Federal Register, on July 27, 2016, a rule that would place American companies—and only American companies—that extract valuable resources—meaning energy— from other places in the world and that they would have to publicly disclose arrangements and deals that they make related to them buying these resources. The Securities and Exchange Commission understands already the rules that are on American companies, including a rule that we know as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which means that an American company cannot go overseas and induce through bribing someone to do something. But now, in order to stop these companies— many of them large companies, many of them mediumsized companies, but their nexus is that they are energy companies—they are going to require in this rule that that company tell everybody, including competitors, what the deal might be that they got. So a private contract that might be between a country, a company, and an American company is now going to see the light of day. Mr. Speaker, I think that is wrong. Fortunately, so does my party. We think that is wrong, because it unnecessarily puts U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage to many state owned competitors around the world who are competing, many times, for the same resources. In other words, we just told them what the deal is—how much money, what the arrangement is, how it might be concluded—and that is a violation, in my opinion, of not only the power that the SEC has, but I think it is unwise. I think it is blatantly unwise that we would unearth contracts from the free enterprise system while, at the same time, knowing they have to follow the rules of engagement, meaning the rules under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, at the same time. So, Mr. Speaker, what we are here to say is that we believe that these agencies are trying to harm America’s opportunity to go and seek out good deals, better deals, and to find long term contracts around the globe, wherever they might be, and that they have singled out energy companies, that they have gone out of their way in what was known as the Obama administration to single out energy companies because they don’t like energy deals. Mr. Speaker, what has happened as a result of not only this, but legislation that the Congress has done on December 18, 2015, is we changed the Federal law related to the export of U.S. energy. Before, there was a provision, some 40yearold provision, that did not allow energy from the United States to be sold overseas. Once we did that, it completely turned the market upside down. So what might be deals then and deals now are in the best interest of consumers instead of what might be OPEC or a few other energy rich countries. We think that what this was done for was to punish those companies that can go find better deals by telling everybody what happened—but it was mostly done to punish—and it put us at a disadvantage. We are here on the second part of this joint resolution to say that the rule that was promulgated on July 27, 2016, is bad for America, is bad for consumers, and most of all, it is bad for America to have rules and regulations that take away the power of a private contract. We stand up and say: What are we going to do about it? We are going to go through the deliberate action that was taken not only at the White House, but was taken on the floor of the House of Representatives so that we have our say in the matter on rules and regulations. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my colleague, Mr. BUCK, that there is a person who heard this debate going on and has come to the floor. I don’t know if he would choose to yield time to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ), but I have been told that Mr. MASSIE  would like to help me along on some of my comments because of his excitement about what this rule does. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). The gentleman from Colorado has 7
3⁄4 minutes remaining. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ). Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, SAM JOHNSON and 
RALPH ABRAHAM , for sponsoring this joint resolution. I would also like to point out that my colleague from Colorado is a member of the Second Amendment Caucus, and he has been working hard on this issue. H.J. Res. 40 would strike down a rule that was finalized by the Social Security Administration just days before the close of the 114th Congress. This rule is yet another example of the previous administration’s lastditch efforts to attack our Second Amendment rights. Any attempt to curtail the right of Americans to defend themselves and their liberty is untenable. This scheme is particularly appalling because of whom it targets and how the administration sought to implement the rule. The rule targets our grandparents, our elderly mothers and fathers who have been awarded disability benefits and have had a family member or guardian appointed to handle their finances. They haven’t committed a crime or demonstrated that they were a danger to society. There is no trial, no presumption of innocence. Their names are sent to the NICS database and their firearms are taken away, their right to own a firearm. Hardened criminals don’t have their rights violated to that extent without due process, so why would it be acceptable for our seniors? These men and women have worked hard to raise families, worked a job, and paid their fair share of taxes. Now they are being told that, in order to receive their Social Security benefits, they must first surrender the fundamental right to defend themselves. Is this the level of pettiness to which we have sunk? The House and the American people have soundly rejected gun control in all of its forms year after year; yet this last administration bypassed the legislative process, imposed a rule, and completely disregarded due process in order to strip seniors of their constitutional rights. Our seniors deserve better than that. This rule is not about protecting anyone. This rule should be seen for what it truly is: awful, politically motivated, and a dangerous infringement on our Second Amendment rights. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am not sure where to begin, because I have heard so many fascinating things here today. The distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee said we are here today to enunciate the rules. I don’t know what there is to enunciate. The only thing to enunciate is this is a closed rule. It is yet another closed rule. There is no opportunity to have any real deliberation, no real discussion. On top of that, there were no hearings on any of this stuff. No matter what your position is, I have to be honest with you, listening to the gentleman, Mr. MASSIE , just speak, I think it would have been nice if the Judiciary Committee could have actually had a hearing on this and maybe delved into some of the issues that the gentleman raised. When people say that there is no due process, I would remind them that, under the rule, impacted beneficiaries are notified that this determination is being considered and they are provided a process to challenge that determination. Should the Social Security Administration determine that that recipient is able to safely use or possess guns, rights are restored and the person’s name is removed from NICS. That is what it says. Now, if there is a way to improve this, I am all for improving it; but by passing this measure here today, you prevent the agencies that are impacted here from ever being able to revisit the issue unless Congress deemed it appropriate. So we are not trying to fix anything here. Basically, what we are doing is the bidding of the National Rifle Association to eliminate anything aimed at protecting people from gun violence in this country. The gentleman from Colorado talked about the fact that his constituents want the right to protect their rights for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Well, my constituents want that, too, but they have a right to not have to be victims of gun violence. They have a right to protect their loved ones who may use a weapon against themselves or their family members. But again, we can have this argument on whether or not we should do more—and I believe we should—to protect people in this country from gun violence, but that discussion ought to have happened first in the Judiciary Committee, at a minimum, not in the Rules Committee. I am on the Rules Committee. I admire the intellect of everybody on the Rules Committee, but our expertise is not on judiciary matters. Similarly, on the other rule that is being repealed, the Financial Services Committee should have deliberated on that. I think there are some serious issues raised by repealing that rule, issues that I think go to the heart of corruption not only here in the United States, but around the world. When the chairman of the Rules Committee got up and gave his description that somehow the U.S. oil companies are only being singled out, it makes my case why we should have had a hearing. What he just said, in my opinion, does not reflect reality. The fact of the matter is, I looked at section 1504 of DoddFrank. It doesn’t just require all extractive companies in the U.S. It says that all extractive companies, U.S. and foreign, listed on the U.S. exchanges are to publicly disclose the payments they make to governments for oil, gas, and mining resources. b1315 And then, on top of that—and I said this earlier—is that other countries have followed suit. Canada and the European Union and Norway have all passed similar laws. It is not just the United States being singled out. That is just wrong. Maybe, if we had a hearing in the committee of jurisdiction, that would have been clear, and this wouldn’t be a point of contention. The fact of the matter is, it is a simple reporting requirement. It places no limits or restrictions on who companies can pay money to or how much or for what. It has absolutely no regulatory effect on any aspect of their business operations. There is absolutely no benefit to nullifying this commonsense law unless your objective is to make it easier for corrupt elites to steal money. The rule has no regulatory impact on business operation and does not define illegal or improper payments. It is a simple reporting requirement. There is a problem with corruption, especially in places like Russia. Now, I know with the new administration, Russia is now in, and we are all supposed to say nice things about Russia. But Russia has a terrible record on human rights, and Russia has a terrible record when it comes to corruption, and we know that. We ought to not just cave to everything that Russia wants, and Russia and Big Oil want this repealed. So I would say to my colleagues that we can argue about the merits of all of this, and that is fine, but I go back to my original point. This is the rule, and the Speaker of the House talked about the importance of regular order. I have heard my colleagues talk about the importance of regular order. We don’t have regular order. You are all out of order. We end up coming to the floor with legislation that is always under restrictive processes, and most of the time now, in this new Congress, completely closed rules. That doesn’t just disadvantage Democratic lawmakers who may have some ideas or may want to raise some issues, it disadvantages Republicans who may want to come to the floor with thoughtful ideas. I urge my colleagues to absolutely vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule because, again, we are getting into this habit where it is closed, closed, closed, closed, closed, and it undermines the integrity of this House of Representatives. It really is shameful. Finally, I will urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can have a debate and a vote on overturning President Trump’s awful, discriminatory executive orders on immigration. It jeopardizes our national security. It was carelessly implemented, carelessly put together. It is shameful. It is unconscionable that we are confronted with the mess that we are confronted with now. I know it is uncomfortable to talk about issues that impact the new President who is of your party, but this 
She receives disability benefits and has a representative payee. She would meet the criteria for reporting. An individual who has significant intellectual disability that prevents him from working at any level (i.e., he meets the listing for intellectual disability), and is unable to understand how to pay rent or use his benefits to buy food. He qualifies for disability benefits and has a representative payee. He would meet the criteria for reporting. Placing anyone into the NICS as a ‘‘prohibited person’’ is not something we should take lightly, but it is a task that must be done in limited circumstances and as required by statute. The circumstances addressed by this rule require that we work together on this serious and unfortunate issue. The Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution of Disapproval would, if passed by the House and Senate and signed by the President, deem the rule to have not been in effect at any time and would also prohibit SSA from reissuing a rule that is substantially the same. The Republican’s use of the CRA process to overturn the rule is an extreme exercise in bad governance. Rather than fixing or improving the rule, it would ban reporting by the SSA entirely. There would be no opportunity to simply improve aspects of the rule, and we would prevent full implementation of the law we enacted after the Virginia Tech shooting. I cannot support that result and therefore oppose this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Subverting longstanding gun safety laws under the guise of protecting Constitutional rights, while simultaneously pushing for repeal of health reform laws that provided care to these communities rings hollow. Now is not the time to weaken our background checks system by excluding those with the most severe and incapacitating forms of mental impairment. The Social Security Administration should be commended for its efforts to keep children and families safe by following the lead of other agencies and enforcing laws that have been on the books for decades. I urge you to oppose this Republican scare tactic of a rule, and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 231, nays 191, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Blackburn Clark (MA) Kildee Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Russell Smith (TX) Taylor Walker Zinke b1346 Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. KENNEDY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. BLUM changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 231, noes 191, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Clark (MA) Hartzler Kildee Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Russell Smith (TX) Taylor Walker Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to this resolution, which would put coal company profits ahead of clean water and public health. The stream protection rule has been in development for 7 years and puts in place modest, commonsense protections for people who live near coal mines. This isn’t just a rule to protect streams. This is a rule to protect people’s health, to protect people’s homes, and to protect the clean water that they rely on. These folks felt strongly enough about this rule to submit public comments. The rule is designed to protect people like Donetta from West Virginia, who nearly lost her life when chemicals from coal fields found their way into her water supply and interacted with her medication in such a way that it nearly destroyed her liver. The rule is designed to protect people like John from Alabama, who reports lakes that have turned gray and streams that have turned orange. This rule is designed to protect people like David from Tennessee, who watched a creek near his grandmother’s home become lifeless due to strip mining nearby. This rule is designed to protect people like Josh from North Carolina, who can no longer fish in the streams near a family home and wants coal companies to be held accountable for the damage that they did. This rule is designed to protect people like Jonita from Kentucky, a coal miner’s daughter whose water supply is tainted with heavy metal and other toxins from coal sludge. She wrote: ‘‘Coal put the food on my table. It also put the poison in my water. Reasonable tradeoff?’’ I don’t believe that Jonita or anyone else should have to make that trade off. No one’s water supply should be sacrificed in the name of higher bonuses for coal company CEOs. Those coal executives have made it their overriding goal to kill this regulation; and after spending nearly $50 million on political campaign contributions over the past 6 years, they now have a Congress and a President to do it. So for the first time in 16 years and just the second time ever, Republicans are going back to Newt Gingrich’s playbook and trying to successfully use the Congressional Review Act simply because the coal industry feels like it shouldn’t be held accountable. But as we know, this is only the first of five regulations that we will be repealing just this week. Later today, they are going to get rid of the rule 
that requires increased transparency on the part of oil, gas, and the mining industry. Later this week, we will be fighting for the right of oil and gas companies to pollute the air with methane. This is the Republican agenda in the age of Trump; an attack on clean water, an attack on clean air, an attack on transparency, and an attack on human health. If you are a CEO or a wealthy Republican donor, this is great news; and you will love the next couple of years. But if you are an ordinary American that depends on their government to hold companies accountable through tough but fair enforcement of regulations, you should be extremely worried. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ) to explain this joint resolution. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it, the stream protection rule is not about protecting streams. It was designed for one purpose—to regulate the coal mining industry out of business. It is the centerpiece of the Obama administration’s war on coal. The simple truth is revealed when you begin to follow the Office of Surface Mining’s 7year approach to writing this jobkilling rule, a process which began only after the previous administration discarded the rule’s predecessor, a 2008 regulation that underwent 5 years of extensive environmental review and public comment. That was just the beginning. Since then, millions of taxpayer dollars have been needlessly spent developing this rule. Contractors were hired to help rewrite the rule, but then subsequently fired when it was leaked that the initial revisions of the rule would cost thousands of jobs, and that was within the first few months of this attempted rewrite. Unfortunately, estimated job losses have only skyrocketed since the final rule was released. What is troubling is that, throughout the rule’s rewrite, the administration refused to visit mines or to actually assess the impact of the rule on operating mines. There were attempts to cover up data that concealed the rule’s true economic impact. The Office of Surface Mining also repeatedly refused to provide Congress with important documents it used to develop the rule, while keeping State regulating agencies charged with implementing this onerous rule in the dark and at arm’s length throughout the entire rewrite. Now, after 7 years of this politically motivated rewrite, the previous administration issued the final rule as they were leaving town, well after the American people—particularly those men and women in coal country—had sent a clear message to Washington. Politically motivated attacks on the livelihoods of those who keep the lights on will not stand. The issuance of this rule, after all these facts are considered, proves what I said earlier. This rule is about one thing: regulating the coal industry and putting thousands of hardworking Americans that depend on the coal industry for their livelihoods in the unemployment line. No one cares more about our streams that run through coal country than those who live there, and no public officials know better how to create a balance between protecting both jobs and the environment than those serving in local and State governments that represent coalproducing communities. It is certainly not the beltway bureaucrats in Washington. I look forward to what I hope to be and should be a bipartisan vote supporting today’s important resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), the ranking member of the Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Energy and Minerals Resources. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose H.J. Res. 38. The science is clear: mountaintop removal mining is harmful to the health of people who live near these mines. Anyone with a computer can go to Google Earth and see the tremendous scars on the landscape from mining companies that blast the tops off mountains and then dump the waste into the valleys below. But largely invisible to the naked eye is the suffering of people who live in the nearby communities because of these harmful practices. The stream protection rule will protect hundreds of vulnerable families and children who live near these sites from lung cancer, heart disease, kidney disease, birth defects, hypertension, and other health problems. If the majority has a problem with this final rule, as they say they do, they should hold a hearing in the Natural Resources Committee to discuss its merits. There we would have an opportunity to talk to the administration and hear from those who are most affected by mountaintop removal mining. Instead, they have decided to bypass regular order, go straight to the Congressional Review Act, which will take a chainsaw to this commonsense pollution rule. This is a reckless approach. I urge my colleagues to take time to listen to the voices of the American people. Please put the health and safety of American families first and vote ‘‘no’’ on this reckless resolution. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ), someone who has forgotten more about coal than I will ever know. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. Like so many folks, I have been fighting this misguided rule for years. Miners have been fighting this rule for years. And States—bipartisan, Democrat and Republican—have been fighting this rule for years. Stopping this rule matters to West Virginians, to our miners, to our families, to our consumers. We produce 95 percent of our electricity from coal. It is reliable and it is affordable. Coal employs 20,000 West Virginians, and tens of thousands more make their living related to coal. The loss of a coal job and the closing of a coal mine affects us all. Its severance tax revenues help to fund our schools, pay for our police and fire departments, and put money in the coffers of our local governments. This rule would cost cities and counties $6.4 billion in tax revenue over a year, with the decline in coal mining. That means even more cuts. When we lose coal jobs, we lose other jobs as well. When coal families lose a paycheck, they aren’t able to buy goods and services like they used to. That hurts small businesses, our shops, and our restaurants. It is estimated that this rule would kill 281,000 coal jobs and related jobs in other fields. My State can’t afford to lose any more jobs, and I know that goes for other coal States. However, despite these facts and the objections of more than a dozen States, the Office of Surface Mining adopted a goitalone approach. They ignored input that contradicts their agenda. They withheld information on the rule and restricted States from reviewing it. Well, that ends today. I thank Chairman BISHOP , I thank the House Natural Resources Committee, and I thank the leadership of the House for their support on this resolution. Thank you, Senator CAPITO  and Leader MCCONNELL , for your leadership in the Senate. We also have the support of the White House on this resolution. With a simple majority vote in the House and the Senate, we will end this rule and stop this jobkilling, anticoal agenda. I urge support on this joint resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, it should be noted for the record that the Republican majority conducted a 4 year investigation into the development of this rule, holding 12 hearings, issuing two subpoenas, collecting 25 hours of audio recordings and 13,500 pages of documents, but were unable to uncover any political interference or misconduct in the development of this rule. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). b1415 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 38. This rule is a muchneeded update to existing mining regulations. It ensures that communities that reside by mining operations monitor water pollution levels. I am standing here today to continue to speak up and fight for clean water in 
America. I promised that I would stand up and make sure that never again in America another community would be poisoned by the water. I say to you, Mr. Speaker, that miners deserve clean water as well. This resolution monitors drinking water sources for pollution, such as lead and other toxic substances, and provides that information to the public. Have we learned something from Flint, Mr. Speaker? This rule will also help protect land and forests by ensuring that companies restore the land and water sources that were impacted by a precious occupation in our country, and that is mining operations. Let’s defeat this resolution that prohibits commonsense rulemaking, protects the environment, and protects the rights of Americans to have access to clean, safe drinking water, while also creating jobs. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to quibble over details, but we actually held 13 hearings and passed four bills over the last three Congresses about this particular rule and found countless problems with it. That is why we are here today. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ), who knows the real impact on his constituents that this rule will have. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Congressional Coal Caucus, I rise today in strong support for this action. After 8 long, tortuous years, our coal communities have endured a withering attack from Washington bureaucrats focused on this agenda of anticoal. What has been the result? Across this country, in the coal fields of this country, 400 mines have closed down, 83,000 coal miners have lost their jobs, 246 power plants have closed down, and our electric utility bills have gone up 45 percent. Then, right before President Obama left town, his administration punctuated its war on coal with this damaging further rule. This rule is nothing more than an organic manifestation of a Washington bureaucracy drunk with power. If it is left unaddressed, this rule would shut down an additional number of coal mines, and 78,000 men and women would lose their jobs because of this rule. For the last 2 years, our Coal Caucus, bipartisan members, have made stopping this rule our number one priority, because it has nothing to do with the health of America, the safety of America, and the life of Americans. Simply put, it was President Obama’s attempt to drive a final nail into the coffin of an industry that made America great. Look, enough is enough. This war on coal has to come to a stop, and I think this election set the tone for that. Now that we finally have a President who understands the painful impact of excessive and unnecessary regulations, we should pass this CRA as quickly as possible so he can sign it. It is time to give the families of the coal fields all across America a chance to get relief from the unelected bureaucrats in Washington. I thank the chairman for his work in getting this. I thank him for the cosponsorship that we have had with Congressmen JOHNSON and J ENKINS to help us out on this, to get this before us. We have to do this for the people of West Virginia and around the country. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, if there is a war on coal, it is being led by the natural gas industry who produces a cheaper product at a lower cost. And if there is any trouble that coal is in, it is directly attributed to the free market and that competition. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this attempt to politically override the Interior Department’s stream protection rule. Much like the destructive mountaintop removal practice that this rule is designed to prevent, this Republican assault on the environment and the health of coal mining communities is a crude and dirty process. Using the Congressional Review Act, a single hour in Congress is going to be enough to remove a rule that reflects 7 years of national public debate, including at least 30 stakeholder meetings, over 100,000 public comments. This blows up the regular legislative and regulatory process, ignores science, marginalizes public health, and puts communities at risk. Let me be clear: when the coal dust settles on this devastating resolution, it certainly won’t be Members of Congress who are left drinking polluted drinking water or battling lung cancer, heart disease, and birth defects. Much like the coal executives who profit from exhausting and polluting the natural resources of these communities, the GOP will move on to the next target and look for the next way to let business off the hook, to let them externalize their costs to the environment, to local communities, and, ultimately, to the U.S. taxpayers who have to clean up the mess. But communities in the Appalachian Mountains, vital salmon streams in Alaska, and muchneeded water supplies across this country will be left dealing with the aftermath, while our Republican colleagues boast about having provided socalled regulatory relief. For all the talk about coal jobs from Republicans and our new President, you would think they would care just a little about protecting the health of these coal miners and their families and their communities. And yet, when given a chance to protect the water quality of 6,000 miles of streams in coal country, this House is choosing to side with the polluting industry instead. That is shameful, and we should oppose this wrongheaded resolution. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), who chaired most of our 13 hearings on this issue, and who represents a State that is suing because they were ignored in this rule, where they should have had their rights under the Clean Water Act, which is part of the problem we have here. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on December 20, 2016, the stream rule was finalized in the last days of the Obama administration by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, OSM. Ostensibly, the rule is about keeping American waterways clean. In reality, it is a power grab aimed at giving Federal regulators more authority to make coal too expensive for anyone to mine or use. But no one should be surprised. In 2008, then candidate Barack Obama told the San Francisco Chronicle that while people would still be free to build a coalpowered electricity plant under his energy policies, it would bankrupt them because of the high costs his regulations would impose. And that is exactly what President Obama has tried to do. Under the stream protection rule, Federal regulators will have expanded power to draw up new standards that make it harder to get a coal mining permit. OSM’s Federal water standards would suddenly take precedence over the State standards that have long governed the industry under the Clean Water Act. The Fish and Wildlife Service would also gain the power to veto coal permits. The aim is to take permitting power from States and impose a onesizefits all standard. When this process started, 10 States signed on to Interior’s rulemaking process as State cooperating agencies. But 8 of the 10 later withdrew because Interior wasn’t interested in what they had to say. The subcommittee I chaired held 13 hearings to expose the flaws behind this rule. The rule provides no discernable environmental benefits, while duplicating extensive existing environmental protections at both the Federal and State levels. In fact, the rule’s only purpose appears to be to support the environmental lobby’s ‘‘keep it in the ground’’ platform, locking away up to 64 percent of our domestic coal reserves, putting tens of thousands of Americans out of work, and raising energy costs for millions of Americans. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the joint resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ), a member of the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 38. Today, I speak against eliminating the Department of the Interior’s stream protection rule. The proposed rule is 
about balancing the need to support our American coal industry with our responsibility to safeguard and protect our environment. What is most concerning and simply outrageous is that this bill proposes to not only overturn the stream protection rule, but it would prohibit the Interior Department from ever issuing a similar rule in the future, even as technology advances and best practices to safeguard the environment improve. The rule, which was drafted over 7 years, after 30 public meetings and over 100,000 public comments, is the first major update to surface mining regulations in more than 30 years, but is being rolled back without even a single hearing in this Congress, which doesn’t follow regular order. Mr. Speaker, Maryland has a rich history of coal mining, a history that predates our Nation’s founding. Yet, for a decade, we have witnessed a slow decline in coal production and a shift toward cheaper and cleaner sources of energy. Nevertheless, the industry in Maryland continues to employ hundreds of people, produce nearly 2 million tons annually, and coal is the leading export commodity leaving the port of Baltimore. I support the coal industry in Maryland. But in Maryland, where the streams from our mountain panhandle, coal country, flow into the Potomac and eventually the Chesapeake Bay, we have taken proactive steps to mitigate the environmental impact associated with mining, requiring companies to develop and follow reclamation plans, divert streams, treat acidic drainage with chemicals, and control erosion and runoff. However, our efforts and requirements haven’t kept up with modern technology and innovative best practices. And the proposed rule enables us to employ better technology to better achieve our environmental goals. The Department of the Interior estimates that compliance costs will amount to a de minimis percentage of coal industry revenues, there will be a minimal impact on mining jobs, and it will create goodpaying, green jobs. We will protect 6,000 miles of streams, 52,000 acres of forest, and reduce 2.6 million more tons of carbon dioxide emissions. Mr. Speaker, representing families in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, I understand firsthand that once the ecologies of streams, rivers, and bays are degraded, they cannot be easily reclaimed. Now is not the time to turn back or turn our back on technology that is available and that is offered up in this rule. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), part of our committee who has heard the 13 hearings, understands this issue, and was part of the House when we voted four different times to be opposed to this particular rule. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that President Obama put his own environmental legacy ahead of the wellbeing of the American people. The Obama administration squandered taxpayer money for 8 years attempting to force the stream protection rule down our throats. The deception and lack of transparency utilized to implement this rule were unprecedented. Along with manipulating job loss numbers, the administration even changed the rule’s name, thinking the American people might forget about it. But the fact is, you can’t put lipstick on this pig. Whether you call it the stream buffer zone rule or the stream protection rule, the rule still stinks. The American people who want good paying careers have missed out on hundreds of thousands of jobs around the country as a result of President Obama’s ideologicallydriven war on coal. But today is a new dawn in America, and this jobkilling, midnight regulation is now directly in the crosshairs of the Trump administration and of this Congress. On behalf of all hardworking Americans, I urge my colleagues to vote to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ), a member of the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, with respect, I quote Mr. MCKINLEY : ‘‘We have to do this for the people of West Virginia and around the country.’’ And I agree, and this is why we need the stream protection rule. It is a commonsense approach to minimizing the impacts to surface water and groundwater from coal mining. In Appalachia alone, mountaintop removal has been responsible for the destruction of 2,000 miles of streams. Peer reviewed studies have linked mountaintop removal mining to cancer, birth defects, and serious health problems for residents living near these mining sites. Just look at my Virginia map. The highest death rates in the State and the most chronic diseases are in the coal fields. b1430 I saw this firsthand while I was Lieutenant Governor of Virginia for 8 years, when mountaintop removal mining became the most prevalent coal mining technique in central Appalachia. That is why this is so important. Communities near coal mining sites have a right to know what is in their water because it impacts their livelihood and their lifespan. This rule includes commonsense monitoring of streams—many of which are important drinking water sources— for pollutants such as lead, selenium, and manganese. Basic monitoring for these toxins is essential, given their potential impacts on human health and the environment. The rule also requires that streams and lands disturbed by surface coal mining be restored. This would result in the protection or restoration of approximately 6,000 miles of streams and 52,000 acres of forest over the next two decades. This is really important because we know the contamination of streams by coal mining pollution threatens everything from fishing and outdoor recreation to small businesses like restaurants and farms that are relying on clean, safe water. This rule is an appropriate balancing act between our energy needs and our environmental protections, and it is also appropriately flexible to coal mining companies. Most importantly, the Congressional Review Act doesn’t make sense here. If you want to trim a tree, you don’t chop it down and bury it under cement so it will never grow again. The Congressional Review Act is an extreme measure that would permanently damage our surface mining laws. We have heard that it was a product of more than 7 years of work and the chairman talks about the 13 hearings, but not one has been held in the 18 months since the rule was proclaimed. The Congressional Review Act describes the vast amount of work that the Office of Surface Mining did in order to create this rule. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, what is most dangerous is, because of the lack of clarity regarding the Congressional Review Act’s prohibition on similar rulemakings, the agency may never take future efforts to update and improve surface mining regulations. Even if you don’t like this surface protection rule, disallowing any future protections for the water and health of communities living near coal mining operations makes no sense at all. I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I now have the pleasure of recognizing people who are not on our committee but still know how silly this rule actually is. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration anticoal regulation was a solution in search of a problem. It wasn’t intended to protect the environment. It was intended to put coal miners out of work. And, sadly, it has been successful in achieving that goal. A study of the rule estimates it would destroy more than onethird of our coal jobs, and that nearly half of all coal resources would effectively be off limits to mining. In addition, the OSM rule has ignored clear congressional directives to share information with the States. If ever there has been a time for Congress to act, this is it. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. MCEACHIN ), the ranking member of the Natural Resources Committee, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this resolution to overrule the stream protection rule, just as I would oppose any measure that threatened the quality of our drinking water. Clean drinking water is a fundamental health need, and meeting that need is one of our most basic responsibilities in this Congress. We must not put special interests ahead of the health of our constituents. The stream protection rule is very simple: It strengthens and clarifies existing water quality protections with respect to mining. It requires that affected streams be restored when mining is finished. It gives communities accurate information about water quality so they can best protect themselves from pollution. Mr. Speaker, these protections are not onerous, but their benefits are vast. We have seen in Flint, Michigan, and elsewhere the painful consequences when people lack access to safe drinking water. We must do more to prevent that kind of suffering and damage. Nixing this rule would, instead, mean that we are doing less. The stream protection rule is the product of a careful year’slong process. Countless stakeholders participated at two dozen public meetings, and regulators received tens of thousands of public comments. Mr. Speaker, this rule was crafted in the sunshine, but we are about to overrule it in the dead of night. After all of that work, this resolution of disapproval did not even receive a committee hearing. Mr. Speaker, if this body is seriously going to weaken vital drinking water protections, the American people deserve ample opportunities to inform themselves and to make their voices heard. This rushedthrough proposal denies them that opportunity. I find this measure to be very disturbing, and I find the process concerning. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle not to go down this path. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, nice to know that 2:30 in the afternoon is the dead of night. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, a little over a year ago, I took a milelong, 30 minute ride with coal miners into a 3
1⁄2foothigh coal mine in the mountains of Pennsylvania. I was reminded that day about the incredible work ethic of the folks in western Pennsylvania, the same work ethic that literally built this country in the 19th and first half of the 20th centuries. The regulation we vote on today is one of the last rules that the Obama administration pushed out. This regulation has a single purpose: the demise of the coal industry and the thousands of middle class jobs that depend on it. This regulation is the culmination of former President Obama’s ideological war on American energy that provides minimal benefit but tremendous cost. I care about the miners and the workers I met with whose middle class jobs are at risk. I care about utility customers whose electric bills will go up because this regulation will take valuable American energy offline. I care about the communities that are hurt when these coal mines close. This country continues to make tremendous progress on cleaning up the environment, progress that will continue without this jobkilling regulation. If you care about the workers, if you care about these communities, you will vote ‘‘yes’’ on this CRA and block this job killer. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ). Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this dangerous effort to block the stream protection rule, a commonsense proposal that has the potential to save lives and will improve the health, outcomes, and wellbeing of families over time throughout coal country. This bottle of—I guess you could call it a liquid—wasn’t taken from an industrial waste site or from the runoff of a landfill. This came from the drinking well of the Urias family’s home in Pike County, Kentucky. Despite what it looks like, there is water in there along with chemicals, toxic minerals, and known carcinogens, all present in this family’s drinking water because of mountaintop removal. The mountaintop removal process begins with beautiful mountains that look just like this. These are Appalachian Mountains near the West VirginiaKentucky border. First, they raze an entire side of the mountain, tearing trees from the ground and burning down any plant growth. From there, they use explosives to blast the tops off the mountains and push rock and dirt out, ultimately filling the surrounding streams and waterways with debris, blast materials, and other dangerous elements and minerals that end up in the drinking water of the Urias family and countless others throughout coal country. This is what is left. As we have noted during our fight for funding to help the families of Flint, Michigan, dealing with water contamination, this should not happen here in America in the 21st century; yet families in coal country have been dealing with this for 40 years. So you can imagine how many people’s health has been jeopardized by this practice. The stream protection rule that the House is about to block would serve as one of the only safety measures that would protect these families from poisonous drinking water, higher rates of cancer, lung disease, respiratory illness, cardiovascular disease, birth defects, and the countless negative health effects that plague this region. If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to block the safeguards of the stream protection rule, they should at least consider supporting my legislation, the Appalachian Communities Health Emergency Act, or ACHE Act. I introduced this bill earlier today with Representative SLAUGHTER to suspend new mountaintop removal permits until the Department of Health and Human Services can conduct a comprehensive Federal study of the health effects of this reckless mining method used in my State of Kentucky and throughout coal country. I believe mountaintop removal should be banned, but at a minimum, we should halt all new permits until the safety of the residents in the surrounding communities is assured. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose today’s effort to block this potentially lifesaving rule and support the ACHE Act. We have failed to protect the families in these communities, and passage of this bill will inflict another blow to their health and wellbeing. They deserve far better. I will make a final offer to my colleagues on the other side. If anybody wants to come and take a drink out of this, I will withdraw the ACHE Act and vote for their legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ). Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, in the waning days of his Presidency, the Obama administration finalized the stream buffer rule, a final parting shot at the coal industry on his way out the door. Not once did the Office of Surface Mining visit and assess the economic impact of this rule on operating mines. In fact, in their analysis, they relied on ‘‘hypothetical mines.’’ These aren’t hypothetical mines and they aren’t hypothetical jobs that will be affected. In the real world, this rule could mean the end of coal production in Ohio and the end of thousands of goodpaying jobs in countless communities like the one I grew up in. Ohio will be directly impacted by this rule. Fiftynine percent of our electricity comes from coalfired power plants, and Ohio’s coal industry employs thousands of hardworking Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to stop this rule, to stop the war on coal, and to stop this rule which could cause hardworking Americans to lose their jobs. I urge my colleagues to support this joint resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act. Mr. GRIJALVA. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), another State that was promised, in the Clean Water Act, to have authority which was taken away by this simple rule. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, the United States is blessed with a wealth of domestic energy resources, allowing our Nation to responsibly develop safe, abundant, and affordable energy to meet our own needs. The Third District of Colorado has blue skies, clean water, while maintaining a healthy amount of responsible development of oil, natural gas, and coal production in its many communities. According to the Energy Information Agency, coal accounted for approximately 60 percent of the electricity generated in Colorado in 2015; yet this vitally important resource that provides affordable energy and jobs to many of our families’ homes has come under attack. Backed by radical interests, the government has issued new rules and regulations under the guise of environmental protections, but whose true intent is to bankrupt the coal industry with regulatory compliance. The stream protection rule is a solution in search of a problem. Modern mining operations are already adept at avoiding impacts to watersheds, as the Office of Surface Mining’s own numbers show. The industry is also already subject to a wide array of environmental statutes and regulations enforced by various Federal and State cooperating agencies. I urge the passage of this resolution and encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to read a few lines from letters of opposition to this resolution. The first comes from a coalition of 75 national and local environmental groups who are strongly opposed to this bill. They write: ‘‘This long awaited rule provides local communities with information they desperately need about water pollution caused by nearby coal mining operations, and includes several important protections for clean water and the health of communities surrounding coal mining operations. Any attack on the safeguards in the Stream Protection Rule is an attack on clean water and should be opposed.’’ Wildlife and sportsman groups are also opposed. The National Wildlife Federation writes: ‘‘The Stream Protection Rule is an important water quality rule for our nation. It seeks to empower State regulatory authorities to ensure coal mining and reclamation best practices, taking into account their unique regional distinctions and impacts to local communities and wildlife. ‘‘. . . any efforts to undermine the safeguards afforded by the finalized Stream Protection Rule, a rule with years of stakeholder outreach and engagement, would be an attack on clean water and should be opposed.’’ Travel Unlimited says: ‘‘The rule is a worthy, sensible effort to reduce the huge impacts of mountaintop removal coal mining . . . on our Appalachian streams and rivers.’’ And it goes on and on. They all go on to point out the specific impact of mountaintop removal mining on fishing and wildlife and sportsmen. ‘‘Mountaintop removal mining practices create a survival risk for brook trout and other wild trout populations, and impede efforts to restore brook trout in already degraded watersheds.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ), a new Member of Congress, who realizes that this rule is long on regulations and short on real new protections for people. b1445 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in favor of repealing the stream protection rule. I represent a coalproducing district whose economy has been devastated by the former President’s and his renegade of unelected bureaucrats’ war on coal. Last year, a Presidential candidate boasted among a liberal political crowd that she would put a bunch of coal miners out of work. She went on to say that the government would then essentially come in and put those hardworking, outofwork coal miners on welfare. Well, Mr. Speaker, my coal miners don’t want to be on government welfare. They want the government to get out of their way and let them work. Because of senseless, onerous regulations like the stream protection rule, the liberals in Washington have succeeded in putting most coal miners out of work. I believe that with the passage of H.J. Res. 38 and a sensible energy policy created and implemented by businesspeople instead of bureaucrats, we can begin to bring coal jobs back to Kentucky and help provide the struggling economies in Kentucky’s coal counties. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ), one of the other members of our committee who has served for a long time and has heard many of these arguments before. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the measure for congressional disapproval of the Department of the Interior’s stream protection rule, which was created under the guise of protecting the environment but, instead, has been very harmful to American jobs. They have attempted to cripple an industry—energy—that has provided vast amounts of energy to States across this country for decades. My home State of California has had a long history of mining that has led to incredible economic growth and job opportunities for many of my local communities. This onesizefitsall approach fails to provide any regulatory certainty to industry and denies important tax revenue from energy extraction to the American taxpayer. I appreciate my colleagues bringing this to the floor, and I hope we can sort through the rhetoric on this against energy jobs of a very important segment across the country that supplies so much of our energy currently, and can do it with safety and a mind for redeveloping our economy. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, the opposition to this particular bill goes from coast to coast. We just heard from California. Now we will go back to the East Coast. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in support of the livelihood of an entire region of our country and industry that was unfairly targeted by the Obama administration in pursuit of an ideological agenda to do away with our Nation’s abundant coal resources. The previous administration targeted the coal industry and, by extension, the hardworking Americans employed by the industry under the guise of protecting the environment. We all want clear air and water for our Nation’s prosperity, but this rule is so strict, it makes it impossible for companies to continue to operate. It results in layoffs, closed businesses, and ultimately an entire region unemployed. Our Nation is blessed with an abundance of natural resources and we should utilize them all: oil, hydropower, wind, solar, and yes, clean coal, too. We must be prudent about how we regulate our energy industries because when one sector is pushed out, it is the moms and dads at the end of the month paying their electric bill that feel the impact the most. All Americans will be affected, but it will be felt more by the ones who can least afford it. That is why I am opposed to the rule, and I urge my colleagues to support the CRA. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The use of the Congressional Review Act has been categorized as reckless and extreme. The CRA was going to cause significant and lasting harm. If successful, two things are going to happen: the regulation is void and the agency is prohibited from issuing another similar rule ever again. I mention that because this is about health. It is about the health of the people living around those mining operations and it is about mountaintop removal and the documented analysis 
that proves that it is a danger to health. It contaminates water and it is destructive to the environment. It is curious that we had 13 hearings—I stand corrected—and an investigation that went on in perpetuity, it seemed like. Yet, once the rule was finalized and published in 2015, we never had another hearing on the item again, which begs the question: If the whole point was to delay and prevent this rule from ever taking effect and, more importantly, make it susceptible to the Congressional Review Act, mission accomplished for the majority. But the longterm consequences of using the CRA on a rule that is designed to protect people’s health, on a rule that is designed to make coal companies be transparent and disclose to the public, on a rule that every scientific analysis and the science is clear that this rule was indeed there to protect both people and communities, I think that is the permanent harm being done by this action today—denying the people in those communities to return to past practices that created the problem that we are dealing with and that this rule attempted to address that created that problem. Now we return to those times where unregulated mountaintop removal causes the destruction to both human beings and the environment that we see as a legacy. I think it is not only disrespectful to the people of those regions, but it, again, puts their health and the wellbeing of both the environment and humanity in that area at major risk. It is not only reckless and extreme to use the CRA, it is also dangerous. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), who clearly understands the situation that this rule has presented. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak in favor of this Congressional Review Act resolution on behalf of the thousands of fellow Kentuckians who have lost their jobs in the coal industry. In eastern Kentucky, not far from where I live, it is not just a recession that they are experiencing. What is happening in eastern Kentucky is a little depression over the last several years. The stream protection rule would be the final death knell of a proud industry that has literally powered America for over a century. When I talk to the men and women of eastern Kentucky about the prospects of losing even more jobs in an economically depressed place, it is just absolutely devastating. So I applaud the work of the committee and I applaud the work of this House to take this matter seriously to end this regulation that would put even more of my fellow Kentuckians in economic distress. Instead of looking at environmental questions as a matter of the need to have more government central planning, let’s solve environmental problems in a different way, through innovation and technology. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution providing for a congressional disapproval of the stream buffer rule. In my home State of Illinois, coal production employs roughly 5,000 workers and the industry contributes $2 billion a year to our State’s economy. In southern Illinois, these are some of the region’s bestpaying jobs. Unfortunately, this rule was one of the final shots the Obama administration fired in their war on coal. Unless reversed, this rule is directly going to hurt our Illinois coal miners and those working at coal power plants and, in the end, consumers—those who pay the utility bills in this country. The last administration refused to work in good faith with the States when finalizing the rule, even after Congress told them to do so in the 2015 omnibus bill. I include in the RECORD a letter from the Illinois Department of Natural Resources in opposition to the rule. 
ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF  NATURAL RESOURCES , Springfield, IL, January 30, 2017. Re The Stream Protection Rule and The Congressional Review Act. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN AND MAJORITY LEADERMCCONNELL : As the regulatory authority for administering the federal Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (‘‘SMCRA’’) in the State of Illinois, the Department of Natural Resources (‘‘Department’’) appeals Congress to use its power under the Congressional Review Act to disapprove the ‘‘Stream Protection Rule’’ (‘‘Rule’’), issued by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (‘‘OSM’’) at 81 Fed. Reg. 93066 (Dec. 20, 2016). The Rule’s ‘‘one size fits all’’ approach to regulatory performance standards fails to incorporate important regional differences, such as local geology, hydrologic regime, and climate, as required under SMCRA. For example, stream loss has rarely been a problem in the State of Illinois given the regional hydrogeology of the Illinois Basin. To universally require long term upstream and downstream monitoring would place an undue burden on the State to continually review such data. The rule gives no discretion to state regulatory authorities. Despite the claims of OSM in its Regulatory Impact Analysis, the Rule would place significant burdens and additional costs on state regulatory programs. Compliance with the rule would require the Department to revise and restructure its entire coal mining program and add $600,000 to $800,000 per year in staffing and equipment costs. OSM’s failure to properly consult with the State of Illinois and the other states has resulted in a burdensome and unlawful Rule that usurps states’ authority as primary regulators of coal mining as intended by Congress under SMCRA, and demands congressional action. The Congressional Review Act provides Congress the authority to take action to avoid the harm imposed by the Rule. Accordingly, we respectfully request that you and your colleagues in the Congress pass a joint resolution disapproving the Final Stream Protection Rule under the procedures of the Congressional Review Act, S U.S.C. 801 et seq., so that it shall have no continuing force or effect. Thank you for your careful consideration of this request. Sincerely, WAYNE A. R OSENTHAL , Director, Department of Natural Resources. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. In this letter, IDNR notes that the Office of Surface Mining failed to properly consult with the State of Illinois and the other States, resulting in a burdensome and unlawful rule that usurps States’ authority as primary regulators of coal mining as intended by Congress and demands congressional action. Mr. Speaker, rules like this are what the CRA is all about. I ask for your support. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. The stream protection rule has got to be the poster child for the Congressional Review Act’s action. There are 400 changes to the bill. There are 400 changes in over 1,600 pages of regulations, and there is no new, real protection above and beyond what we were using since the Reagan administration. But it does outline benefits and potential problems for 70,000 people directly with their jobs, for 300,000 people whose jobs are threatened in a ripple effect, and, unfortunately, for everyone else. Every time you turn a light on, your costs will be exacerbated because of this particular rule. This rule affects the most vulnerable of our population and it hurts them. It is time for us to realize that it is time to stop making rules and regulations for an ideological approach, and, instead, new rules and regulations that help people, not hurt people, as this particular one does. That is why this House, on four different occasions over the last three congresses, has voted against this particular proposal. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our opposition to this action being proposed by the Republicans to eliminate the stream protection rule is, indeed, an action that goes against fundamental science, goes against the public health of the American people in those communities, and, overall, takes the Congressional Review Act and uses it as a bludgeon to keep generations and generations in those areas at risk in their health, their water, and the general environment in the area. 
The issue of cost is an issue that comes up. The loss of jobs has been the creation of competition, not because of any proposed rule. Second of all, when we were dealing with the horrors of black lung, we were dealing with issues of mine safety for coal miners and the struggles that their unions had to go through to get mine safety and healthcare protection for their workers. At the time, I am sure, those were considered cost factors and why not do it. The cost factor here is about human life and it is about protection of water. I would suggest that that should be the priority of this Congress and not emboldening or enriching the mine operators and their profit line. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), my friend. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I have been involved for 28 years on the Natural Resources Committee on these issues. What we are talking about today is simple here. Yes, it is cheaper. If you blow the top off a mountain and you dump it in the valley and you bury a stream, it is cheaper. Okay. Is that what we are all about here? The most destructive, least environmentally responsible, but cheapest way of doing things? If we are going to set the precedent here, I can think of a whole lot of other areas that relate to clean water, clean air, and things that are important to the American people and the sustainability of our environment that will go away because it would be cheaper. If we can just dump the waste out the back door of the factory, that is cheaper. b1500 If we can just put whatever we want up the stack and people wear gas masks, that is cheaper. That is the major argument we are hearing today. This rule, a 100foot buffer—a 100foot buffer—for toxic materials around streams is too expensive. It is cheaper to blow the top off the mountain, get the coal out, and take all the overburden and other assorted stuff and dump it in the valley and bury the stream. The only problem is then it rains. What happens when it rains? Well, you can either cap that whole thing and make it impermeable and then have big runoff downstream or, as it generally happens, the water percolates down through all the waste and becomes a toxic flow. Now, you say, well, these are only seasonal streams. Well, seasonal streams run into other streams. What happens when you get those toxic flows is you kill the other streams. I am seeing this actually in my district, not from a coal mine, but from a foreign corporation which improperly mined and went bankrupt and left us with the waste. I have seen the miles of stream that are killed from the toxics that are leaching out from the overburden from the mining that is done. This is an absurd place to say we are overregulated. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, in his last month in office, President Obama fired one last shot in his war on coal. By finalizing the socalled stream protection rule, the Obama administration made it more difficult for an already distressed industry to provide a reliable and affordable energy source for our economy. In reality, the only thing President Obama tried to protect was the jobs of bureaucrats at the expense of hardworking Americans. This rule adds no new environmental protections. It only duplicates what Federal and State regulators are already doing to protect the environment. Additionally, this rule could close off as much as half of the U.S. coal reserves for mining. The bureaucrats writing this rule did not truly understand the impact of this because, in the 7 years they took to write it, no one bothered to visit an actual mine. We cannot allow outofcontrol bureaucrats to regulate an industry that employs thousands of Americans out of existence simply to save the radical liberal agenda. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution of disapproval of yet another regulatory overreach by the Obama administration. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I think the arguments have been made. The precedent being set tonight by this House is a dangerous and extreme precedent that we will all come to regret. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the former chairman of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, President Obama made it his mission to bankrupt the coal industry when he took office, and through a slew of jobkilling regulations, he has nearly made good on that promise. His administration spent 7 years and over $10 million in taxpayer dollars writing the stream protection rule. Even though the bipartisan 2016 omnibus appropriations bill directed the Interior Department to engage with the States before finalizing this rule, the agency refused to comply, leaving crucial voices out of the rulemaking process. Under this midnight regulation, at least half of the Nation’s coal reserves would be restricted from mining, and onethird of current coalrelated jobs would be at risk. This would mean more devastating job losses in coal communities across the country, especially in Kentucky, where we have already got nearly 13,000 miners out of work. It is time to end the madness and give our communities in the coal areas a chance to rebuild. I urge support of this resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot of false science today, which is appropriate since the agency that concocted this rule refused to allow any of the data they used to make the rule to be made public. We asked for it. We asked for it in legislation. They simply refused to comply. Ninetythree percent of the sites are not having any impact on the streams, and the other seven percent we already had rules that covered them that did this protection. There is no real new protection in this particular act. The States, which regulate 97 percent of the coal mines in the United States, were shut out of the process, which is why they are suing over it. This rule undercuts the State primacy that was provided in the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act. What we are doing here today with this effort is to reestablish the article I authority that we have in the Constitution by saying we are responsible for the policy, not some agency of the executive branch. Adopting this resolution protects the rights of States tasked with regulating the coal industry in their borders, and it also actually helps people. People are going to be harmed if this act is not repealed and actually goes into effect, and the most vulnerable of our populations are the ones who will suffer the most because of it. Because of that reason, it is right for Congress to do our responsibility here and now and repeal this bad act that was done in secret that was not allowed to have the openness that we have requested in the past and that is simply redundant at best, totally unnecessary, and does the harm that it does to real people: 70,000 direct jobs, over 300,000 indirect jobs, as well as a higher cost to everyone who uses energy in this Nation. I ask my colleagues to support the resolution of disapproval and vote for its final passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 38, the resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. I would like to express both my support of the Stream Protection Rule as well as my deep concern over the use of the Congressional Review Act to derail smart regulations that protect our citizens’ health while simultaneously creating a precedent of recklessly obstructing federal rulemaking. 
The Stream Protection Rule is an effective and sensible regulation that has undergone years of development in order to compel big polluters and industry actors to responsibly dispose of dangerous waste so that our water supply and ecosystems remain free of toxic pollutants. The attempt to dismantle this rule will cause irreparable harm to clean drinking water sources for millions of Americans. The Stream Protection Rule provides Americans with an environmental monitoring system that assures the cleanliness of the water. The residents of the 4th District of Georgia, like many of the constituents of my colleagues, live alongside and depend upon rivers to be protected from harmful pollutants and toxic chemicals that are the product of mining and industrial runoff. Runoff from mining and industry sources contaminate stream water with various lethal toxins, including lead and arsenic. These pollutants not only impact the lives of people living in close proximity to the runoff sources of heavy pollutants, but all people who live downstream. The water protected by this rule is the same water consumed by our families, including children and the elderly. Those exposed to carcinogens in their water can suffer from birth defects, cancer, and even death. Clean and safe water is in the interest of all Americans, regardless of their income level or political party. It matters not whether a state is red or blue, access to clean water will always be necessary, and it should be mandatory. Clean water is a human right and this rule ensures our country can provide clean drinking water to its citizens. I ask my colleagues this question: if the Stream Protection Rule is overturned are you prepared to tell your constituents and their families that their water will be less safe to drink or use? I am not alone in my stance. More than 70 groups representing the interests of a wide swath of American citizens have expressed their strong disapproval with this resolution. Two of these groups, the Savannah Riverkeeper and Altamaha Riverkeeper organizations, represent the environmental concerns of my home, the great state of Georgia. These groups along with dozens of others have expressed to our country’s elected officials that a resolution of disapproval for the Steam Protection Rule would significantly jeopardize the wellbeing of millions of Americans. By subjecting the Stream Protection Rule to the Congressional Review Act, we set a dangerous precedent in delegitimizing federal rulemaking procedure, while we elevate the interests of corporations over the health and safety of our citizens. The health of our nation’s children must supersede the maximization of profits. For the sake of the millions of Americans who rely on the safety regulations established by this rule, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote NO on the resolution. The citizens of our nation will thank you for putting their health first. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolution. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolution. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 71, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 41) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 71, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 41 Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’ (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 49359 (July 27, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the joint resolution under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 41, introduced by the gentleman from Michigan, (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises of the Committee on Financial Services. This resolution disapproves a burdensome and controversial Securities and Exchange Commission rule that places an unfair burden on American public companies that is not applied to many of their foreign competitors. Virtually every day we hear from many Americans about how this economy is just not working for them. It is just not working for working Americans like Keith from Dallas in my district who wrote me: ‘‘I am 53. I have a grown son who lives with me. It seems like the cost of everything keeps going up, yet wages do not keep pace.’’ The economic opportunities of Keith and millions of Americans like him are not helped by topdown, politically driven regulations that give many foreign companies an advantage over American public companies. That is exactly what this Securities and Exchange Commission regulation that we are talking about today does. It forces American public companies to disclose inexpensive proprietary information that can actually be obtained by their foreign competitors, including stateowned companies in China and Russia. This is just one regulation out of thousands and thousands that are burdening our companies, our job creators, and are costing our households, by one estimate, over $14,000 a year, Mr. Speaker. Even though this is a Securities and Exchange rule, section 1504 of Dodd Frank has nothing to do with investor protection nor anything else we were told the DoddFrank Act was supposed to do. As the acting chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission has said, this rule ‘‘neither reforms Wall Street nor provides consumer protection and it is wholly unrelated, and largely contrary, to the Commission’s core mission.’’ In addition, Mr. Speaker, the SEC estimates that ongoing compliance costs for this rule could reach as high as $591 million per year. It is just an outrage, Mr. Speaker. That is $591 million every year that could better be used to hire thousands more Americans in an industry where the average pay is 50 percent higher than the U.S. average. Literally we could be talking about 10,000 jobs on the line for this illadvised rule. This is significant, given that millions of Americans, like Keith from my district, have not seen their wages increase while our economy has been stymied under the Obama administration. Now, for those who claim that somehow by rolling back this rule, that this undermines anticorruption efforts, let me remind everyone that Mr. HUIZENGA ’s resolution, that the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which the SEC and the Department of Justice administer, already makes it illegal to pay former government officials when it comes to winning or maintaining business opportunities. 
many other provisions that were ultimately included in the sprawling law. They had absolutely no relationship to the underlying cause of the financial and housing crisis. However, some have used the financial crisis to hijack Federal securities law in order to push a socially motivated agenda. Specifically, section 1504 of the DoddFrank Act requires companies registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission to annually report payments such as taxes, royalties, fees, production entitlements, and those types of things made to a foreign or the U.S. Federal government relating to the commercial development of minerals, oils, and natural gas. Companies subject to section 1504 must report the type and total amounts of these payments made for each project, as well as the type and total amounts of payments made to each government. These payments cover, as I said, taxes and other things that are really business expenses. While this may be a laudable goal, using Federal securities law and the SEC to enforce social issues is inconsistent with the SEC’s core mission and completely inappropriate. Just to remind everyone, the SEC’s mission by law is to: One, protect investors; two, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and three, facilitate capital formation. I would liken what they are doing by having the SEC put this rule in place sort of like requiring your police department to be in charge of road repair, too. It is just not their expertise. The SEC recognized this fact and stated that section 1504 ‘‘appears designed primarily to advance U.S. foreign policy objectives,’’ not investor protection or capital formation. Notwithstanding the merits of the underlying policy goals, conducting American foreign policy is not what Congress created the SEC to do. In fact, just moments ago, the U.S. Senate confirmed Rex Tillerson as the Secretary of State, and I would suggest that we let him direct our foreign policy. With all due respect to the commissioners and the SEC staff, none of them are really foreign policy experts. As we debate this resolution, let’s be clear on what this isn’t about. Some have tried to argue that a vote to vacate this provision is a vote for corruption somehow. This couldn’t be further from the truth. Now, I understand and sympathize with the sense and the feeling of this that this rule makes supporters feel better about themselves, but it does not solve the real world issues. This foreign rule that has been brought up is really like comparing apples and oranges with the foreign rules versus this particular rule. And if we allow them to rewrite this particular rule, we might actually mirror what the EU and what other foreign governments are doing. Despite the claims to the contrary, H.J. Res. 41 does nothing to undermine the ability of the SEC and the Justice Department to police against foreign corruption. In fact, both of these agencies still have, at their disposal, Federal laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits bribing foreign officials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HUIZENGA. And even without this SEC extraction rule in effect, fraud will still be fraud and corruption will still be corruption. Both will still be illegal activities that should be punished to the fullest extent of the law. Voting for this resolution is a vote to right the ship. This is a vote to reset the regulatory process. Congress needs to send this flawed regulation back to the SEC drawing board and instruct the SEC to get the provision right by promulgating an appropriate rule under section 1504. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets on the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me, and for her leadership in so many areas, including her leadership on this joint resolution. I rise today in strong opposition to the resolution, which would repeal an SEC anticorruption rule. I fail to understand why anyone in this body would want to repeal something that helps us fight corruption. The SEC rule would require companies registered in the United States to disclose the payments that they make to foreign governments for the development of oil, natural gas, or other minerals. Unfortunately, there is a long and very sad history of corruption where Big Oil or mining companies strike deals with foreign governments to extract their natural resources. Too often, the money from the oil or mining company ended up going to pay bribes to corrupt politicians and not to benefit the ordinary citizens of the country. The SEC rule is intended to bring some basic transparency to these deals—that is all we are talking about, transparency—by requiring U.S. companies to disclose the payments they make to foreign governments—who the payments went to, how much they paid, who in the government got the money that should be going to the people. b1530 It tells the people and the country where this natural resources money is going. This is just common sense, and it is outrageous and unbelievable to me that anyone would oppose simple transparency rules that combat corruption. I have been a longtime supporter of this rule. I spoke in favor of it during the DoddFrank debate, and I sent a letter to the SEC urging them to finalize this rule as quickly as possible. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this letter, on which I was joined by roughly 58 of my colleagues. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 11, 2014. Re Implementation of Section 1504. Hon. MARYJOWHITE, Chair, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIR WHITE: We are aware that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) recently announced its anticipated agenda for the next tenmonth period, and that the agenda includes a proposal to initiate rulemaking for Section 1504 of the DoddFrank Act by March 2015. While we are pleased that the SEC plans to begin focusing its attention on this important provision, which mandates revenue transparency in the extractive industries, we believe that the rulemaking for section 1504 should be on a swifter, more definite time line. We strongly urge you, therefore, to issue a proposed rule for public comment no later than the end of this year. The initial rule issued by the SEC on August 22, 2012 adhered closely to the intent of the law, and we applaud the SEC for its forceful legal defense of the rule. In light of the District Court’s July 2013 decision, which vacated the rule on procedural grounds but did not foreclose any regulatory options, we believe the Commission should issue a revised rule that is equally strong. The existing rulemaking record should provide the necessary basis to swiftly schedule a new rulemaking and to reissue a rule mandating public disclosure by company and by project with no exemptions. Anything less would undermine the intended purpose and benefits of Section 1504 for investors, companies, governments and their citizens. We would note that after the SEC issued its rule in 2012, the rest of the world followed our lead, establishing as a global norm the public disclosure of oil and mineral payments by company and by project with no exemptions. The European Union and Norway passed disclosure laws modeled on the Commission’s August 2012 rule. The Canadian government has committed to adopt the same requirements and plans to have legislation passed by April 2015 and regulations in place that summer. Several globally important oil and mining companies also support payment transparency at the projectlevel, citing significant business benefits, while others have begun voluntarily disclosing detailed payment information. And in March, the United States was accepted as a candidate country in the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, which is a global effort designed to increase accountability and openness in these industries, and specifically requires projectlevel reporting in line with the standard set by Section 1504 and its sister legislation in Europe. The implementation of Section 1504 is critical. Resource revenue transparency allows shareholders to make betterinformed assessments of risks and opportunity costs, threats to corporate reputation, and the longterm prospects of the companies in which they invest. It is no surprise, then, that investors with assets worth over $5.6 trillion recently called on the SEC to quickly reissue a strong rule to align with transparency rules in other markets. 
Public reporting of extractive payments is also fundamental to improving governance, curbing corruption, improving revenue management, and allowing citizens to demand greater accountability from their governments for spending that serves the public interest. This, in turn, can help create more stable and democratic governments, as well as more stable business environments, which contribute to the advancement of U.S. national security interests. Since its passage, Congress has continued to support the strong implementation of Section 1504 rules. Last year, legislation to implement an agreement between the U.S. and Mexico to develop oil and gas reserves in the Gulf of Mexico (HR 1613) was significantly delayed when the House version of the bill included a waiver from Section 1504 requirements. The White House strongly objected to the House bill precisely because of the waiver, and issued a Statement of Administration Policy calling the exemption unnecessary and claiming it would directly and negatively impact U.S. efforts to increase transparency and accountability in the oil, gas, and minerals sectors. Congress ultimately passed a version of the bill that did not include the Section 1504 waiver. Importantly, the final legislation was supported by the same industry groups and lawmakers who initially alleged that Section 1504 would create conflicts of law and put American companies at a competitive disadvantage. The court decision, along with data and analysis from the previous rulemaking process, has provided the Commission with a road map to develop a revised rule requiring public disclosure at the project level with no exemptions. We strongly urge you to prioritize setting out a swift and fixed timeline for the implementation of section 1504, including the release of a proposed rule for public comment no later than the end of 2014. Sincerely, Maxine Waters, Member of Congress; Peter A. DeFazio, Member of Congress; Carolyn B. Maloney, Member of Congress; Henry A. Waxman, Member of Congress; Gregory W. Meeks, Member of Congress; Eliot L. Engel, Member of Congress; Nita M. Lowey, Member of Congress; Jose´E. Serrano, Member of Congress; Brad Sherman, Member of Congress; Wm. Lacy Clay, Member of Congress; George Miller, Member of Congress; John Yarmuth, Member of Congress; Marcy Kaptur, Member of Congress; Carolyn McCarthy, Member of Congress; Allyson Y. Schwartz, Member of Congress; Keith Ellison, Member of Congress; Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Member of Congress; John Conyers, Jr., Member of Congress; Rosa L. DeLauro, Member of Congress; Michael E. Capuano, Member of Congress; Gwen Moore, Member of Congress; Karen Bass, Member of Congress; Mark Pocan, Member of Congress; Rau ´l M. Grijalva, Member of Congress; Earl Blumenauer, Member of Congress; Alan S. Lowenthal, Member of Congress; Rush Holt, Member of Congress; Jared Huffman, Member of Congress; James P. Moran, Member of Congress; James P. McGovern, Member of Congress; Lois Capps, Member of Congress; Sam Farr, Member of Congress; William R. Keating, Member of Congress; Carol Shea Porter, Member of Congress; Katherine Clark, Member of Congress; Barbara Lee, Member of Congress; Betty McCollum, Member of Congress; Peter Welch, Member of Congress; Janice D. Schakowsky, Member of Congress; Jim McDermott, Member of Congress; Andre´Carson, Member of Congress; Adam B. Schiff, Member of Congress; Paul Tonko, Member of Congress; Bill Foster, Member of Congress; Anna G. Eshoo, Member of Congress; Eleanor Holmes Norton, Member of Congress; John B. Larson, Member of Congress; Matthew A. Cartwright, Member of Congress; Jerrold Nadler, Member of Congress; Charles B. Rangel, Member of Congress; Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Member of Congress; Susan A. Davis, Member of Congress; Adam Smith, Member of Congress; Theodore E. Deutch, Member of Congress; Michael M. Honda, Member of Congress; Ann McLane Kuster, Member of Congress; Michael H. Michaud, Member of Congress; Zoe Lofgren, Member of Congress. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, let’s also be clear about what the SEC’s rules do not do. They do not place any restrictions on who companies can pay money to. It doesn’t restrict how much money they can pay or what they can pay for. It doesn’t stop corruption; it just simply says you have to report it so that the people in the country—and everyone— knows what is going on. In fact, there was bipartisan support for this rule. The amendment to Dodd Frank that required this rule was known as the CardinLugar amendment because it was cosponsored by Republican Senator Dick Lugar. Senator Lugar was a longtime chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, so he understood the negative impact that these corrupt deals could have on developing countries. The only reason—and I repeat, the only reason—to vote for this resolution is to help corrupt governments steal money from their people. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I am going to repeat this phrase since people were knocking me out of order. The absolute only reason they should vote for this—and I want to warn those on both sides of the aisle—is to help corrupt governments steal money from their people; so I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Now, several of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have pointed out that the foreign and corrupt rule will take care of this, but the foreign and corrupt rule only covers bribery. It doesn’t cover unjust enrichment. It doesn’t cover governments stealing from themselves. Use of the Congressional Review Act to strike the rule would prohibit the Commission from promulgating any rule that is ‘‘substantially similar’’ to that rule, effectively preventing it from ever fulfilling its statutory mandate in the DoddFrank Act, contrary to the will of Congress. I urge a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), the sub chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. Mrs. WAGNER. I thank Chairman HENSARLING for the time. I thank my colleague, Mr. HUIZENGA , the chair of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee, for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor the SEC disclosure rule for resource extraction, which is an important tool for Congress to use in disapproving excessive red tape brought by Washington bureaucrats. The previous administration placed crushing regulatory burdens on the American people. In 2015 alone, Federal regulations cost almost $1.9 trillion— nearly $15,000 per American family. This particular SEC regulation, which was issued by the Obama administration, regarding resource extraction disclosures will make it more expensive for our public companies that are involved with energy production to be competitive overseas with foreign stateowned companies. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this resolution of disapproval. The SEC has estimated that ongoing compliance costs for this rule could reach as high as $591 million annually and fully admit that it has the potential to divert capital away from other productive opportunities, like growing a business and creating jobs. Securities law should not be used to advance foreign policy objectives, particularly when the compliance cost of implementing those objectives is so expensive—with no added benefit of investor protection. While this rule had already been vacated before the U.S. District Court of D.C. in 2013, I am happy that, through this resolution of disapproval, Congress—we the people—can now weigh in as well on this harmful rule. I urge the passage of this resolution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), a member of the Financial Services Committee and of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. FOSTER. I thank Ranking Member WATERS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 41 and in support of the SEC rule requiring resource extraction companies to disclose payments to governments. Historically, payment for resources is a huge source of corruption in developing countries, which, for most of us, is morally abhorrent; but what I want to talk about is the competitive advantage that we gain when we embrace the principles of the democratic rule of law, transparency, and morality that our financial system depends upon. We passed DoddFrank to strengthen our financial system in a time of crisis but also to make it more transparent and effective for American consumers and investors. Section 1504 of DoddFrank directed the SEC to publish a rule requiring issuers to disclose the types and amounts of payments for each project and to each government annually. The provision improved disclosures made to financial regulators and to investors. 
This resolution of disapproval will repeal the SEC’s resource extraction rule, which imposes burdensome disclosure requirements on public companies engaged in the commercial development of natural gas, minerals, and oil. The SEC’s mission is to protect investors, maintain efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation. Unfortunately, the resource extraction rule is well outside the bounds of these mandates, which acting SEC Chair Michael Piwowar noted in his dissent of the rule saying that it ‘‘ . . . neither reforms Wall Street nor provides consumer protection and it is wholly unrelated, and largely contrary, to the Commission’s core mission.’’ When our businesses are being overwhelmed by compliance obligations, it is crucial that our regulators do everything in their power to ensure regulations do not actively disrupt growth by enforcing nonmaterial, socially motivated disclosures like those included in the resource extraction rule. The SEC itself has admitted that this rule will be costly. The SEC estimates that the ongoing compliance cost for the resource extraction rule could reach as high as $592 million annually and noted that the disclosure requirements could result in capital being diverted away from productive opportunities. An agency tasked with maintaining efficient markets and facilitating capital formation should not be promulgating unnecessary and burdensome rules like this. DoddFrank is full of examples like the resource extraction rule that require Federal agencies to engage in rulemaking on topics outside of their substantive experience and jurisdiction. In the future, I urge my colleagues to craft legislation in a bipartisan manner that only requires actions consistent with the mission of the applicable agency. Until then, however, it is necessary for Congress to exercise its oversight power to unwind these misguided regulations that have hampered economic growth. I am happy to lend my support to this resolution and encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has 7 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ). Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this resolution, providing congressional disapproval of a rule submitted by the SEC relating to disclosure of payment by resource extraction issuers. Section 1504 of the DoddFrank Act requires a public company engaged in the commercial development of natural gas, minerals, or oil to report payments made to foreign governments for these natural resources. At a time when our President and my Republican colleagues are looking to cut regulations on businesses, the SEC estimates that ongoing compliance costs for this rule to be as high as $591 billion. Let me say that again: one agency, one rule, $591 billion. Let me go back to something many of my colleagues have already mentioned today, the SEC mission. I will quote from their own website. The mission of the SEC is to ‘‘protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation.’’ If investor protection is truly the mission of the SEC, then why was this provision of the DoddFrank listed in the section titled ‘‘miscellaneous provisions’’? Mr. Speaker, American companies should be protected, and no one denies that. But to put them at a competitive disadvantage against their foreign counterparts by implementing this rule is just plain wrong. Now, my friends on the other side of the aisle will argue that Republicans are gutting an important transparency policy meant to combat corruption. Well, Mr. Speaker, my response to those claims are this: Republicans are the party of transparency. We value accountability. But in this instance, the DoddFrank Act instructed a Federal agency, without any substantial experience in resource extraction or foreign policy, to craft this mandatory disclosure for certain public companies. As many of my colleagues have said today, industry is already publicly disclosing the work they do in foreign countries and will continue to do so. The difference is simple; they do it at a level that does not cause competitive harms. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage of this resolution and erase a topdown, Washingtonknows best provision that is harmful to American companies and American investors. We should and can do it better. In God We Trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 41. As you have heard today, it has an immense cost to our economy. The SEC estimates, as you have heard from other Members, up to $590 million per year, Mr. Speaker. Now, think about that. That is $5 billion over 10 years. And if we put a 10 multiplier on it, that is $50 billion of investable capital that could be put out for productive use helping the world have more mineral resources. Instead, it goes to this illadvised rule. b1600 In the past two decades, the United States has lost more than 50 percent, Mr. Speaker, of its public companies, in large part due to the costs and regulatory burdens of being associated with being a public company. DoddFrank’s resource extraction rule piles on even more harmful red tape for those publicly traded companies in the United States that are global energy providers. As this rule only applies to publicly traded companies, this increased burden puts U.S. companies at a disadvantage. Over 75 percent of the extracted minerals are owned by stateowned enterprises, Mr. Speaker, that are not covered by this rule. That puts our companies at a competitive disadvantage. It requires our companies to reveal confidential information, putting our companies at a competitive disadvantage. And if, Mr. Speaker, the people want transparency, the best way to handle that is through selfdisclosure through global transparency and accountability. There are important public policy goals, and 51 countries have entered into the Extractive Industry Transparency Institute, which is self reporting and publishing, by country, by company, both public and private, these important issues about mineral extraction. Finally, Mr. Speaker, if it is about corruption, our friend, Senator Proxmire from Wisconsin, long ago, in the 1970s, passed the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. There is no more act feared by global corporate America than complying with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and ensuring that our companies, our shareholders are not prone or party to bribery. I support this resolution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ). Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 41, offered by my good friend, Mr. HUIZENGA . This resolution is simple. It repeals an onerous rule that puts American manufacturing and energy companies at a global disadvantage. Both foreign and American companies sell products and energy in our economy, but only American companies are required to jump through additional hoops, regulations that cost billions of dollars and pass on hundreds of millions of dollars to consumers. Michiganders know all too well what happens when government tips the scale in favor of foreign companies: jobs are lost overseas, and the investment necessary to create jobs is delayed or canceled. My friends across the aisle have suggested that this resolution is about bribery. It is not. This resolution and, in fact, the election on November 8 is about jobs, the loss of American jobs. Manufacturers in Michigan don’t need special treatment. The unparalleled product of hardworking men and 
women in Michigan speaks for itself. But I think we can all agree that the American Government should be their ally, not their opponent. Repealing this rule does just that. I encourage my colleagues to support this resolution. Ms MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, this resolution would overturn a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that, according to the agency, is supposed to ‘‘help combat global corruption and empower citizens of resourcerich countries to hold their governments accountable. . . .’’ Well, that is a grand idea, but we have a financial regulator to protect the American investor, not to combat global corruption or empower citizens for other countries. I am sure we could send the SEC off to fight any number of other international problems—religious oppression, authoritarian regimes, malaria, maybe even leprosy. The question is if a financial regulator mandated to combat all these things can fulfill its core mission to provide financial transparency and prevent fraud. Given that we had a financial crisis that the SEC didn’t foresee and did nothing to prevent, that would suggest that it needs even less on its plate, not more. What this joint resolution does is put the American investor first and help us to stop sending the SEC off on global rabbit trails. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, if you opened up your copy of DoddFrank, this big thick book with 2,300 pages of microscopic print, and went all the way back to title XV, way back in the back, under ‘‘Miscellaneous Provisions,’’ you would find excessive complexity and a regulation that only breeds corruption, not the other way around. In these provisions lies section 1504, which directs the SEC, the Securities and Exchange Commission, to adopt a rule requiring resource extraction issuers to report payments to the U.S. and foreign governments for the commercial development of certain natural resources and make them available to the public. Though we all fully support transparency and accountability, I believe that section 1504 fails to protect investors while simultaneously decreasing the productivity of capital markets and competition in the marketplace. This rule has stifled job growth and expansion. The SEC estimated that the cost of the new rule would be somewhere between $239 million and $700 million in initial startup compliance costs alone. After the first year, the SEC projects it would be an annual ongoing cost of compliance ranging from $100 million to $591 million. Rather than this rule, companies could reinvest these dollars into creating opportunities for local communities, which will result in the creation of more goodpaying jobs for Americans. My district in central New York and the Southern Tier has the highest or one of the highest unemployment rates in the Nation and a lower median household income than the national average. Section 1504 is merely another example of how bureaucratic government overreach can result in lost opportunities for the people in the 22nd District of New York and all hardworking American workers. However, instead of taking this opportunity to empower our citizens who are eager to get back to work, we are fueling additional costly government regulations. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. TENNEY. Let me emphasize, we are not eliminating the SEC’s or the DOJ’s enforcement authority. We are simply asking them to revisit this rule. Both of these agencies still retain their power to ensure a level playing field and to root out corruption. It is important we recognize that vacating this rule is part of the joint resolution. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I have no other speakers at this time. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Include a number of articles in the RECORD . One is a Bloomberg article, entitled: ‘‘Exxon Set for Early Victory As Congress to Rescind Payments Rule.’’ The other one is a Politico Magazine article that says: ‘‘Tillerson tried to get this rule killed. Now Congress is about to do it for him.’’ The other article is a Washington Post article: ‘‘One of House GOP’s first targets for regulatory rollback is tops on the oil industry’s wish list.’’ 
[From Bloomberg Government, Jan. 30, 2017] EXXON SET FOR EARLY VICTORY AS CONGRESS  TORESCIND PAYMENTS RULE (By Catherine Traywick) For years the oil industry has appealed to the executive branch and courts to defang a U.S. rule forcing Exxon Mobil Corp., Chevron Corp. and other producers to disclose their payments to foreign governments. Now, the Republican takeover in Washington is handling it for them. The House of Representatives is set to vote this week on killing a Securities and Exchange Commission edict that requires publication of overseas payments by oil, natural gas and mining companies. The industry says the rule, part of the 2010 DoddFrank act, gives global rivals a competitive edge. Backers say it will help keep payments to foreign nations in government coffers, not private pockets. ‘‘To roll it back would be a complete abdication of U.S. initiative and leadership on issues of corruption,’’ said Daniel Kaufmann, president of the Natural Resource Governance Institute, an International transparency watchdog. The SEC rule, set to take effect next year, is one of a series of Obama administration regulations Republican lawmakers are trying to reverse using the Congressional Review Act, a law that allows Congress to undo regulations with a simple majority vote. Congress also plans to vote this week to kill rules curbing methane venting and mountaintop mining. To do so, both chambers must pass a resolution disapproving the rules, which the president would then have to sign. While President Barack Obama would have reliably vetoed such resolutions, President Donald Trump is likely to sign it. Trump argues that curbing regulations is key to unleashing investment by U.S. companies. He pledged to rescind two existing regulations for each new one that’s issued. ‘‘The SEC’s rule forces U.S. companies to disclose proprietary information to its competitors while foreign entities do not. This can give some large industry players an advantage on future business projects,’’ the American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, said in a statement. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy pledged in a Wall Street Journal oped, to ‘‘take the ax’’ to the SEC rule, which he characterized as ‘‘an unreasonable compliance burden.’’ Transparency advocates dismiss that argument, pointing out that the European Union and U.K. already require such disclosures from some of Exxon’s biggest competitors. BP Plc, Total SA and Royal Dutch Shell are among those that annually report taxes, bonuses and other payments to foreign governments. U.S. ADVANTAGE  Because Exxon and Chevron aren’t listed on the European exchanges, they don’t have to comply with the EU disclosure rules. That may give them an edge over other oil majors who must report projectlevel payments, critics say. In its 2015 disclosure to the UK, Rosneft reported $29.8 million in payments to the Russian Federation, Vietnam, Brazil and Norway. In the same year, BP reported $15.2 billion in payments to 23 countries, Total disclosed $16.7 billion to 44 countries, and Shell reported $21.8 billion to 24 countries. The idea behind the measure is simple: If foreign oil companies disclose payments of $1 million to the government of Country X, then the lawmakers and citizens of Country X will know that $1 million should show up on the country’s budget. If less shows up, that means it has been diverted for private use. ExxonMobil and Chevron say they support financial transparency in the oil sector. Both are members of an advisory committee under the Interior Department that oversees a voluntary corporate financial disclosure program. 
SEC COMMENTS  In comments to the SEC, the companies say they would support a version of the regulation that protected companyspecific data. They argue that the current SEC rule would make available potentially valuable company information to stateowned competitors such as Saudi Aramco and Cnooc Ltd., neither of which are subject to the disclosure rules. The American Petroleum Institute successfully challenged an earlier version of the rule in court, forcing the SEC to rewrite it. 
API asked the agency to consider a reporting model that detailed payments by resource type and production method—omitting companyspecific data. But, the SEC didn’t adopt that approach. ‘‘The SEC largely ignored industry’s comments,’’ said Exxon spokesman Bill Holbrook. While the final rule included exemptions for acquired companies and exploratory activities, it ‘‘remains based on the EU’s model and likely will adversely affect the ability of publiclytraded companies to compete globally,’’ he said. A Chevron spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment. 
PATTERN OF BEHAVIOR  Transparency advocates say they’re concerned that the repeal effort is part of a pattern of behavior among Republican lawmakers. ‘‘The GOP that tried to gut the ethics committee is trying to gut a critical anticorruption law,’’ said Jana Morgan, director of the advocacy group Publish What You Pay. ‘‘It sends a really disturbing message.’’ The planned vote is generating tension among members of the anticorruption advisory committee on which Exxon, Chevron and API sit. The panel, made up of representatives from government, industry and civil society, publishes an annual report detailing U.S. government revenues from the oil, natural gas and mining industries, as well as voluntarily reported payments made to the U.S. government from companies in those sectors. Civil society members of the committee say Exxon’s opposition to the SEC rule jeopardizes its standing on the panel. At a meeting on Wednesday, members will discuss whether Exxon, Chevron and API should keep their seats at all. ‘‘I really have to question whether it’s appropriate for companies like Exxon and Chevron and API to continue to sit around this table,’’ said Zorka Milin, an attorney with the anticorruption group Global Witness, and a member of the advisory committee. 
[From POLITICO Magazine, Feb. 1, 2017] TILLERSON TRIED TOGETTHISRULEKILLED . NOWCONGRESS ISABOUT TODOIT FOR HIM (By Michael Grunwald) The leader of the world’s most valuable company doesn’t typically fly to Washington to fight one obscure amendment to a 2,300 page bill, especially a motherhoodandapple piestyle amendment designed to prevent and expose corruption abroad. But back in 2010, ExxonMobil’s thenCEO, Rex Tillerson, was deeply worried about Section 1504 of the DoddFrank Wall Street reforms, a bipartisan amendment that required drilling and mining companies to disclose any payments they make to foreign governments. So Tillerson and one of his lobbyists paid a half hour visit to the amendment’s Republican coauthor, thenSen. Richard Lugar, to try to get it killed. Tillerson argued that forcing U.S. oil firms to reveal corporate secrets—such as paying foreign governments—would put them at a competitive disadvantage. He also explained that the provision would make it especially difficult for Exxon to do business in Russia, where, as he did not need to explain, the government takes a rather active interest in the oil industry. But Lugar believed greater transparency could help alleviate the ‘‘resource curse’’ of corruption that plagues so many mineralrich countries, so he told Tillerson they would have to agree to disagree. Section 1504 stayed in the bill, the bill became law, and the disclosure requirement became an international example: France, Canada and the United Kingdom all went on to use it as a model for similar rules. Seven years later, Republicans are preparing to confirm Tillerson today as President Donald Trump’s secretary of State, despite allegations that he’s too cozy with Russia. At the same time, the GOP is preparing to try to kill the disclosure rule created under Section 1504, despite warnings from international aid groups that the move would provide a winkandnod blessing to hidden corporate payments to petrothugs. The House is expected to act Wednesday afternoon, and since the move relies on a special mechanism for reversing rules enacted late in a presidential term, Senate Republicans will need a mere majority rather than a filibusterproof 60 votes to follow suit. So after all of Trump’s promises to drain the swamp, an antianticorruption bill pushed by Big Oil and his own top diplomat might be the first policy legislation to reach his desk. ‘‘It would be a real tragedy for democracy and human rights,’’ says Lugar, the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, who now leads a center in his name focusing on global issues. ‘‘It’s hard to believe this would be such a high priority right now.’’ The socalled resource extraction rule is not one of President Barack Obama’s most prominent legacies, but one reason getting rid of it is such a high Republican priority is that it’s one of his most vulnerable legacies. That’s because it was only finalized last June; two weeks too late to avoid scrutiny under the Congressional Review Act, a law allowing Congress to strike down endof term regulations with simple majorities. The CRA has only been used once before, when Congress erased a Clintonera workplace ergonomics rule in 2001. But now that the Republicans have control of both houses of Congress and the White House, they hope to use the CRA to wipe out a variety of Obama rules, starting Wednesday with this and another measure opposed by extractive industries, a ‘‘stream protection’’ rule restricting discharges from mining operations. Aside from antiObama politics, the other reason gutting the Section 1504 rule is a high priority for Republicans is that their supporters in the oil industry really hate it. In fact, oil interests successfully sued to block an earlier version of the rule, contributing to the delays that pushed the final rule past the Congressional Review Act deadline. On Tuesday, American Petroleum Institute president Jack Gerard sent a letter to House leaders reiterating the industry’s longstanding complaints that the rule would damage the competitiveness of U.S. firms. He noted that America already has laws like the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act that specifically ban U.S. firms operating abroad from making illicit payments, describing the additional rule as regulatory overkill. And he said the rule injected the Securities and Exchange Commission into a ‘‘social agenda issue’’ that had little to do with its mission of policing fraud and protecting investors. By striking it down, Gerard wrote, ‘‘Congress can reclaim its authority, and in the process protect American companies, workers, and investors.’’ Tillerson alluded to those competitiveness arguments in his written responses to Senate questions about his confirmation, noting that since the Section 1504 rule would impose restrictions on U.S.based companies, part of his job as secretary of State would be to make sure ‘‘foreign companies or investors do not get an unfair advantage by cheating or keeping to a lower standard.’’ But groups that specialize in fighting global poverty and corruption argue that those arguments make no sense now that foreign nations have adopted similar rules; in fact, conglomerates like BP, Total and even Russian oil majors listed in London have already filed disclosures under those rules. A blog post on the issue on Tuesday from Oxfam America— which sued the Obama administration in 2014 for moving too slowly to revise the rule after the initial effort was struck down in court— was titled ‘‘From Russia With Love,’’ characterizing the GOP effort as a gift to Vladimir Putin and other authoritarian leaders of resourcerich countries. ‘‘Why would Congress want to take a stand for facilitating corruption?’’ asked Jana Morgan, director of Publish What You Pay USA, a coalition of groups focused on accountability in the extractive industries. ‘‘Why would anyone want to help the oil industry hide payments to kleptocracies?’’ Lugar pointed out that in 2010, his amendment introducing Section 1504 with Democratic Sen. Ben Cardin had a fair amount of bipartisan support. But so far, no Republicans have come out against the resolutions to strike it down, filed by Bill Huizenga of Michigan in the House and Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma in the Senate. If the GOP can cobble together a majority for the resolution in the Senate, Democrats can spend five hours of floor time delaying it, but they can’t stop it. And nobody seems to think that Trump, who had lunch with Tillerson Wednesday, would veto it, regardless of his fiery rhetoric about taking on special interests. The White House did not respond to a request for comment. Most of Obama’s most important regulations, like his Clean Power Plan to rein in greenhousegas emissions or other Dodd Frank financial rules designed to rein in Wall Street, were completed early enough to avoid Congressional Review Act challenges. Trump and the Republicans will have to take on protracted legislative and judicial fights to kill those rules. But there are plenty of less prominent lateterm rules that Republicans can take on if they’re willing to devote the floor time, on issues ranging from paid sick days for federal contract workers to energy efficiency for ceiling fans to carcinogenic beryllium in the workplace. In general, the rules that are most likely to face challenges are the rules that could cause problems for the bestconnected Republicans. And the kind of rules that inspire impassioned lobbying campaigns by the CEOs of megacorporations like Exxon Mobil seem unlikely to survive in the current Washington environment. ‘‘It’s a tough political landscape,’’ says Zorka Milin, a senior legal adviser for the anticorruption group Global Witness. ‘‘The issue of corruption ought to resonate with both parties, but we know this won’t be easy to stop.’’ 
[From the Washington Post, Feb. 1, 2017] ONE OF HOUSE GOP’ SFIRST TARGETS FOR  REGULATORY ROLLBACK ISTOPS ON THE OIL INDUSTRY ’SWISHLIST (By Steven Mufson) One of the House Republicans’ first targets for regulatory rollback is torn from the oil industry’s wish list: eliminating recent Obama administration requirements that oil, gas and mining companies divulge more information about business payments they make to foreign governments. A House resolution this week, which aims to scrap the transparency rule imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, is one of the first measures that seeks to use the Congressional Review Act to undo regulations adopted during the final months of the Obama administration. And it comes at a potentially awkward moment for former ExxonMobil chief executive 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am absolutely surprised at how brazen our friends on the opposite side of the aisle are. They come here on this floor today with this rule that they would like to overturn. They have not been in committee. We have not had any hearings. They have moved very, very quickly to do exactly what all of these articles are discussing. They are concentrating on how to roll back disclosure that the SEC had developed a rule for for the oil industry. And why are they trying to do this? It is so interesting that this is happening on the same day that Mr. Tillerson has just been voted on to be the Secretary of State for the United States Government, the former CEO of Exxon; and I am going to talk about that connection, which should cause a lot of people to be concerned. This government is not about disclosure. First of all, the President of the United States refuses to disclose his income tax returns. I didn’t expect them to support disclosure of the oil industry to avoid corruption. As a matter of fact, they have the audacity to come here today and say that it is too expensive to be honest. It costs too much money to these huge billionaire oil companies to disclose, and somehow that is going to prevent them from creating jobs. That is nonsense. I would like to just show some connections here. Both during his campaign and since his election, Donald Trump has surrounded himself with people who have extensive ties to Vladimir Putin and the Russian Government, and then we are going to see the connection between Tillerson and the Russian Government. First of all, let’s look at this circle of people around him and their connection to Russia. Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign manager, was a paid lobbyist for Viktor Yanukovych, the proRussian politician in Ukraine who fled to Russia in 2014 and was subjected to U.S. sanctions related to Russian aggression in Ukraine. Manafort has also been involved in multimilliondollar business deals with Russian and Ukrainian oligarchs, which were reportedly the subject of an FBI inquiry. The other person, Roger Stone, Trump’s longtime friend, is reportedly under investigation for possible links with Russia. He has denied ever visiting Russia but admitted he had worked in Ukraine. Stone announced in a speech last summer that he had spoken to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, and Stone predicted that there would be additional leaked documents, a prediction that came true within weeks. Let’s go to another person. Michael Flynn, Trump’s National Security Adviser, did a paid series of events in Moscow, including a speech and appearance at a party for RT, a Kremlinfunded TV station, where he was photographed sitting next to Vladimir Putin. Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, was a business partner of Viktor Vekselberg, a Russian oligarch and Putin ally, in a major financial project involving the Bank of Cyprus. Finally, former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, Trump’s nominee and now the person who has been voted by the Senate for Secretary of State, signed a multibilliondollar agreement with Russia in 2011 on behalf of ExxonMobil for an oil drilling project in the Arctic. The project was brought to a halt in 2014 as a result of the sanctions that were imposed on Russia in response to Russia’s aggression in Ukraine. Putin personally awarded Tillerson the Order of Friendship in 2013. Don’t forget, this President talked about lifting sanctions. Oh, you can see the connection here. In addition to that, I just want to point out that it comes as little surprise that ExxonMobil is one of the leading companies in the fight against the global initiative to enhance the transparency of extractive industry payments made to foreign governments, given its long history of engaging in questionable transactions with governments of oilrich countries such as Nigeria, Pakistan, Equatorial Guinea, Angola, and Chad. The move to eviscerate the rule issued under section 1504 that we are talking about here today makes clear that Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration believe that profits are more important than people and that fighting corruption is less important than enriching oil, gas, and mining companies. Without the SEC’s extractive industry transparency rule, citizens around the world will lose a critical tool for holding their governments and corporations accountable for how natural resource proceeds are used. Let’s talk about Nigeria. Just days before the Securities and Exchange Commission issued its final rule pursuant to section 1504 of the DoddFrank Act, Global Witness, a highly respected and good governance NGO, issued a report detailing how a major oil deal, as I referred to earlier, struck by ExxonMobil with the Nigerian Government, was being investigated by Nigeria’s Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, an agency charged with uncovering highlevel corruption. b1615 The investigation relates to a widely reported deal in which the Nigerian Government in 2009 agreed to renew a 
40 percent share of three oil licenses from Mobil Producing Nigeria, a whollyowned subsidiary of ExxonMobil. This is all about the billionaires. Just follow the dollars and you can see what this is all about. Little town, America, needs to know that this is not about them. This is about these billionaires, and they will go to any extent to continue to steal from them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. STEWART ). The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I certainly hope that the American people are watching this debate because it will certainly confirm their decision to deny Democrats control of the House, to deny them control of the Senate, and to deny them control of the White House. Now, Mr. Speaker, their words may claim they care about jobs, but their policies don’t. That is what we are here to talk about, Mr. Speaker, is jobs, and we are talking about a rule promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission that can cost $591 million a year and can cost us 10,000 jobs. My friends on the other side of the aisle have been clearly tone deaf to the pleas of the American people. They want to go back to work. They are tired of parttime jobs. They are tired of stagnant paychecks. They are tired of decimated savings. That is why they have turned to the Republican Party, and that is why we are going to help give them a healthy economy with policies, including rolling back this foolish rule from the Securities and Exchange Commission, a rule that in a previous iteration has already been struck down by courts. Now, you listen to the other side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, and you hear all this talk about corruption. It appears that some of my friends on the other side of the aisle are ignorant that the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act is already in the Federal code. For those who do not know, I have done the homework for you: 15 U.S.C. 78dd1. Look it up yourself. So, Mr. Speaker, this has nothing to do with corruption. Rarely has more of a red herring come across the House floor. Let me tell you what this is really about, Mr. Speaker. It is about a radical, leftist, and elitist agenda that promotes narrow special interests and has declared war on carbonbased industry and energy and the industry and jobs that are represented by it. That is what this is really about. By the way, why is the Securities and Exchange Commission involved in this? Why isn’t this—listening to them—part of the Homeland Security Department or maybe part of the Department of Defense? What will they have the SEC do next, deliver the mail? Will they become our air traffic controllers? Meanwhile, there are Ponzi schemes taking place in America. Meanwhile, we have markets that are not efficient creating the jobs that the American people demand. Let’s vote for jobs. Let’s vote to get America back to work. Let’s vote down this leftist, elitist agenda declaring war on carbonbased jobs. Let’s vote for H.J. Res. 41. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 71, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolution. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage of H.J. Res. 41 will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of H.J. Res. 38, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 235, nays 187, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier 
Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Cartwright Clark (MA) Kildee Meeks Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Rush Taylor Walker Zinke 
b1643 Mr. GALLEGO and Ms. ESHOO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. GONZALEZ of Texas, VELA, JOYCE of Ohio, and SANFORD changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 228, nays 194, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—194 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—10 
Clark (MA) Kildee Meeks Messer Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Rush Taylor Walker Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Representative HIMES be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 611. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
AMERICA DOES NOT NEED THE STREAM PROTECTION RULE (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Madam Speaker, North Dakota does not need the stream protection rule and neither does the Nation. By passing this resolution today disapproving the Office of Surface Mining edict, we are responding to the cries of the American people who are tired of nationwide jobkilling regulations from Washington. Madam Speaker, the Obama administration took nearly an entire term and over 10 million taxpayer dollars developing this job killer designed to prevent billions of dollars of coal reserves from ever being developed with absolutely no environmental benefit. Today’s action prevents further destruction of jobs and lowcost energy for the American people. I urge the Senate to swiftly send this resolution to the President’s desk. 
b1700 ATTORNEY GENERAL NOMINEE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, first of all, I would like to acknowledge the fallen Navy SEAL officer in Yemen and offer my concern to his family. I will rise tomorrow to continue my questioning on that, but today I wanted to make sure that I prayerfully acknowledged the sacrifice he made for this Nation. I rise today because we are one step further for the nominee for the Attorney General of the United States of America. And I join my colleagues in the Senate, the other body, who raised concern of not being able to inquire of Mr. SESSIONS what his position would be on what has been determined by five courts, at least, of the unconstitutionality of the executive order. It is a ban on Muslims, it is a violation of the First Amendment, equal protection of the law, and due process—First Amendment being freedom of religion. Therefore, we now have an Attorney General making the first step, Mr. SESSIONS , where we do not know whether you will be able to embrace the laws that protect the most vulnerable women, children, the civil rights of many, and the voting rights of many, and, frankly, I believe those questions should be answered. I conclude by saying, when you questioned Deputy Attorney General Yates, she was able to say that she would stand as an independent, objective person Attorney General having oversight over the White House. Will you be able to do the same? 
TRAFFICKING AT THE SUPER BOWL—NOT IN OUR TOWN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, as the United States is gearing up for the Super Bowl in Houston, unfortunately, so are many human sex traffickers. Just a few days ago, a 21yearold trafficking victim with mental special needs was rescued in Houston. The young girl was kidnapped off the streets of Ohio by a dastardly trafficker. He put her in his car and told her: Now you work for me. She was brought to Houston specifically to be trafficked at the Houston Super Bowl. However, the woman’s mental disabilities and seizures became too much for the moralless trafficker, so he dropped the victim off downtown Houston where she later was sexually assaulted by a local criminal. A Good Samaritan rescued the girl and brought her to the hospital. As exploiters and buyers roam the streets looking for prey in Houston, they should know that Mayor Turner, the Department of Homeland Security, and local law enforcement are prepared to jail traffickers and rescue victims. No trafficking. Not in our town. We will protect victims and prosecute the slave trafficking deviants and buyers. And that is just the way it is. f 
GET AMERICA MOVING BY INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT (Mr. DEFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Speaker, the clock is ticking. Not that clock, but the new clock that I put up on the Democratic side of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, which is the cost of congestion clock. The President has proposed $1 trillion investment in infrastructure. He went to the Republican Conference last week and said: Fix it first, and we want it in the first 100 days. I am with him on that, we should do that, and I have proposals to actually fund a way to get there. Not to $1 trillion, but a good part of the way. So this clock indicates, from the day he was sworn in, noon a week ago Friday to today, the cost of congestion for American commerce, the movement of goods, and the American people. It is $438 million per day. So the clock is ticking. Let’s get America moving again, and let’s invest in our infrastructure. 
UNITED IN REINING IN REGULATIONS (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, for the last 8 years, Americans have felt the burden of excessive and intense regulatory overreach having to comply with timeconsuming rules and regulations. But that ends now. For the first time in 8 years, the legislative branch and the executive branch are on the same page. We must get the government out of the way. Last week, I joined my colleagues on the One In, One Out Act, which requires Federal agencies to repeal or revise a rule before they can issue a new one, and any new rule must be of equal or lesser cost to Americans. And in true Trump fashion this week, the President announced his own version, the one in, two out executive order. These measures are commonsense at their core. To begin growing our economy and creating jobs, we have got to reduce the size and scope of the Federal Government and tackle the mountain of red tape surrounding our Nation’s job creators. Americans are ready for growth and innovation, and, for the first time in a long time, the President is on our side. f 
SCALING BACK BURDENSOME REGULATIONS IMPLEMENTED BY THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, this week, House Republicans have undertaken the effort to scale back some of the burdensome regulations implemented by the previous administration. The use of socalled midnight rules to slip in regulations at the last minute and without congressional approval was a favorite tool of the last President. Many of these regulations would negatively impact, and have, American people by destroying their jobs, hamstringing our economy, often for no good reason. That is why, at the very start of the 115th Congress, we passed the Midnight Rules Relief Act, which utilizes the Congressional Review Act, to allow Congress to review multiple midnight rules en bloc. Additionally, we now have the unique opportunity to utilize the CRA, Congressional Review Act, and express our disapproval for some of these harmful, burdensome regulations that hurt jobs and stunt the economy, in order to protect the American people from these harmful effects. The regulatory state has been rapidly expanding in recent years for too long, and I am happy to see that Congress is taking action to reverse this destructive behavior. 
U.S.MEXICO RELATIONSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. TENNEY ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise 
and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, with the President’s recent announcement that through an executive action he would commit resources and national attention and focus on building a wall with our neighbor to the south— Mexico—and given some of the rhetoric that we have heard over the last year in the Presidential campaigns about rapists and criminals coming from the country of Mexico, one might be confused, at best, or, at worst, believe that we have some kind of crisis on our border with Mexico, some kind of crisis in our relationship with our closest neighbor, a country that has done more to benefit the United States than any other country I can imagine, a country that is the number one trading partner of the State of Texas, the third largest trading partner of the United States, our partner on security, on economic development and growth, and on other important hemispheric issues. It is important today that we take this opportunity to ensure that our colleagues in the House have the facts. And it is with those facts that we can make better decisions, informed judgments, and a policy that is truly going to benefit not just the U.S.Mexico border, not just border States like Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California, but the entire United States. Here are some facts that I would like to start with, and then I want to ensure that some of my colleagues who can bring their wisdom and experience and perspective to this are able to do so. The first fact that we should know is that we have record low levels of northbound migration from Mexico. In fact, more Mexican nationals today are going south into Mexico than are coming north into the United States. We have less than zero migration from Mexico. Total northbound apprehensions of any people from any country coming across our southern border are also at historic lows. And if there are any surges in people or populations coming across that border, it happens to be young children and families fleeing horrific, historic violence in the northern triangle of Central America. And those little kids, they are not trying to evade detection, they are not trying to climb fences, they are not trying to escape the Border Patrol. They are, in fact, turning themselves in, and presenting themselves to Border Patrol agents and to Customs and Border Protection officers at our ports of entry. We should also note that we are expending record amounts of U.S. taxpayer resources to secure the border— $19 billion a year this year, last year, and the years going forward—only to increase with these executive orders. We have more than doubled the size of the Border Patrol in these last 15 years from just a little under 10,000 agents to over 20,000 agents on the U.S.Mexico border and some on the U.S.Canada border. There has never been a terrorist, a terrorist organization, a terrorist plot, or a terrorist act connected to our border with Mexico. There has been with our northern border with Canada. There has been connected to our international airports. There have been homegrown radical terrorists. There has never been a case of terrorism connected with our border with Mexico. But just in case, and we should remain vigilant, just in case, we have got those 20,000 Border Patrol agents, we have got thousands of Customs and Border Protection officers, we have 600 miles of fencing and physical obstructions already on our border with Mexico, we have aerostat blimps, we have drones flying overhead, we have a concentration of Federal law enforcement—DEA, FBI, among others—including one of the largest military installations anywhere in the world— Fort Bliss in El Paso, Texas, with 32,000 Active Duty servicemembers. We have the security resources already that we need. I also think it is important to mention that El Paso, Texas, which is conjoined with Ciudad Juarez in Mexico and forms what I think is the largest true binational community in the world, certainly the largest on the U.S.Mexico border, El Paso, Texas, is not just the safest city on the U.S. Mexico border, it is not just the safest city in the State of Texas, it is the safest city in the United States. And it is not an outlier. If you look at other U.S. border cities, like San Diego, California, you will find that they are among the safest in the United States. In fact, there is a positive correlation with the number of migrants and immigrants, documented and otherwise, in a community and that community’s relative safety. The U.S. side of the U.S.Mexico border is far safer than the average American city deeper into the interior. These are some of the facts that we need to have at our command as we are developing policy, as we are judging the President’s recent executive actions, and as we are thinking about how best to secure this country. Here is another fact that we need to keep in mind. If we are committing resources where they are not needed, where, for example, we don’t have terrorism, where we don’t have a problem with immigration, where we don’t have an issue with security, then by definition we are taking those resources from where they could be best used, where we have known risks and threats, where we have real problems against which we must contend, where we are not keeping Americans as safe as they could be because we are directing resources where they don’t need to be, this is something that we need to know, I think, as we make policy for this country, as we fulfill our most important solemn obligation, which is the safety and security of this country and every American within it. Madam Speaker, I am very fortunate today to be joined by some outstanding colleagues. One whom I would like to introduce from the great State of New York is a new colleague, he himself an immigrant to this country. He represents tens of thousands of immigrants in his Congressional District, has already, from day one, become a leader on this issue, introducing legislation that provides a more rational, humane, smarter approach to some of these issues that have been blown out of proportion, politicized, mythologized, and from that steering the country in the wrong direction. Here is somebody who wants to get us back on track. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ). b1715 Mr. ESPAILLAT. I thank the gentleman from Texas. Madam Speaker, back in 1987, then President Ronald Reagan issued one of his most famous speeches—‘‘tear down this wall’’—as he addressed thenSoviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to insist that he open the barrier dividing East and West Berlin. It was, perhaps, one of the most exciting times as we watched to see, finally, if the Cold War would end. It was a moment of hope and strength and character that propelled our country to a higher regard and standard of our identity throughout the global community. Today, in stark contrast to that famous speech given by President Ronald Reagan, President Trump orders the construction of a $25 billion wall that divides communities, separates families, and perpetuates fear and hate. It sets a dangerous precedent and fails to elevate our country and confidence abroad the way it was back when President Reagan gave that famous speech. The economic ramifications will be devastating to the entire country, going as far north as New York City, because it is $25 billion or more that will be spent on building this wall that could otherwise go to other meritorious projects. These executive actions also secure what I call insecure communities, not Secure Communities—a program that strains relationships between law enforcement and communities along the border and throughout that region of our country. We live in a global society and are connected with countries and citizens from around the world. To build this wall not only separates the United States from our bordering country— our neighbor, Mexico, which is one of our biggest trading partners—but the wall itself sends a strong message to citizens around the world that they are not welcome here in America. The President’s wall and his antiimmigrant agenda is a continuation of the 
irrational and hateful rhetoric we have witnessed from him before, and it stands contrary to who we are as Americans and to what we believe as a nation. I am proud to introduce one of my first bills in Congress, called This is Our Land, which is legislation that will prohibit this divisive wall from being erected on public lands. This is a time when we should be investing in our infrastructure—in roads, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, housing—and also respecting our public lands. Building President Trump’s wall would trample on our public lands and potentially put precious endangered species at risk and likely disrupt or destroy environmentally important ecosystems and habitats. It would also deplete precious resources from our cities. We should be building a wall around Trump to stop these irrational executive orders—instead of this ludicrous $25 billion wall between our closest ally. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gentleman from New York for his comments—again, bringing his experience to bear and, right from the beginning, introducing legislation, not just criticizing or complaining, but offering an alternative. It reminds us that, if we are to spend $20 billion on building something in this country—which is the upward cost of what President Trump’s proposal would take from the American taxpayer—there are roads; there are bridges; there are tunnels. There are legitimate infrastructure needs on which we could spend that money that would put people to work, and it would be money much better spent. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), someone who represents a part of the border that really demonstrates what is beautiful about the United States Mexico relationship in San Diego and Tijuana. He is a fierce advocate for our shared economic development and growth, for the jobs that are connected to that, and for everything that is beautiful about the U.S.Mexico border. Mr. PETERS. I thank Mr. O’ROURKE  for putting together this Special Order to talk about what is really an important issue and, with all of the things going on, something that has even got a little bit lost. Madam Speaker, for the region that I represent in San Diego, the border is an economic engine—it is a job creator. Home to the Otay Mesa, San Ysidro, and Tecate ports of entry, San Diego Baja is the busiest border crossing in the world. From life sciences to electronics, San Diego is an attractive place to start a business and to manufacture goods, in part, because of our proximity to border crossings and international trade. Last month, Mr. O’ROURKE and other members of the Congressional Border Caucus and I held a hearing with local leaders from chambers of commerce from around our districts to discuss real pragmatic solutions and issues around the border. I was joined by Jerry Sanders, who San Diegans well know as the former mayor. He is also the former police chief of San Diego and is now the current president of the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce. During that hearing, Mayor Sanders said that an efficient border is a safe border, and he knows something about safety from his time as a police chief. We also know that 99 percent of what gets screened at border crossings is safe and that there is no need to worry about its coming into the country. What we need is to get more efficient at approving the 99 percent of safe cargo and travelers and better at stopping the 1 percent that we don’t want to come in. One of the big challenges that we faced when I first came to Congress was in border delays. We saw that delays at the border crossing were costing us, at that point, $7.2 billion of economic activity in our county and 35,000 jobs annually—numbers so big that they are almost unbelievable, but those numbers came from independent assessments. One of the great successes I have had in Congress, in working with my colleagues within our congressional delegation, is to have worked together to secure more than $500 million to finish the expansion and the improvements at the San Ysidro border crossing. We did that in working with Democrats JUAN VARGAS and S USAN DAVIS and with Republicans DUNCAN HUNTER and D ARRELL ISSA because we all understood how important the United StatesMexico border is to our regional economy. By investing in infrastructure and innovation in San Diego, Tijuana, and across the border, we are keeping Americans safe and supporting the export of goods made in America by American workers. In San Diego and in other communities, we are embracing this forwardlooking approach of opportunity and job creation. Now President Trump wants to put us in reverse by building a wall, which we have assessed at $15 billion. I mean, I have heard estimates of its being from $18 billion to $20 billion. By any count, it is a waste of money. Let’s say, for purposes of argument, it is $15 billion. It took Congress more than a year to approve $170 million to help Flint, Michigan, recover from a crisis that has poisoned children and left an entire city without clean water—$170 million compared to $15 billion for a wall that nobody needs. We are talking about spending 100 times the money for Flint to build a wall that will do nothing to make us more secure, to make our children safer, or to make us more prosperous. $15 billion is exactly how much the American Society of Civil Engineers says we will need to fill the funding gap for infrastructure needs at all of our Nation’s ports for the next decade. So, if you took the money you were going to spend on this wall, you could cover all of the investment we would need at our ports around the country for the next decade. We are going to spend it on a wall. $15 billion is also three times as much money as the Federal Government spends to help the homeless every year. For the cost of this wall, we could build the Navy the 11th aircraft carrier that it needs. For 60 times less—or 1–60th—we could finish the modernization of the Otay Mesa border crossing, which is the third busiest commercial port of entry along our southern border and which facilitates $35 billion in trade every year. What are we doing here? Unlike President Trump’s wall, this investment will support longterm job creation and increase revenues and is a much more responsible way to spend American taxpayer dollars. Let’s be clear. American taxpayers are going to foot the bill for this wall, not Mexico. It is the leader of the Senate and Speaker RYAN who have committed they are going to spend $15 billion on this wall. That is American taxpayers. That is not Mexico. Instead of trying to turn his campaign rhetoric into policy, we would prefer that President Trump listen to those who understand what business is like at the border, to those who understand that border cities are safe, like El Paso, like San Diego, and that the border is an opportunity for America, not a threat. We don’t need a wall. We need to hire more Customs officers. We need newer screening technologies. We need to modernize and expand our infrastructure at other border crossings like we are already doing at San Ysidro. That is how you would create jobs in America. That is how you would keep us safe. I thank my friend BETOO’ROURKE for his leadership and for his hosting this conversation today. I look forward to working with the gentleman in diverting this money from this silly proposal—this dangerous proposal—to the kinds of things and investments that our country needs from Texas to California. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gentleman from California for sharing his community’s perspective and for reminding us that, when it comes to Mexico and our shared connection with Mexico—the U.S.Mexico border—we have much more to look forward to than we do to fear. In fact, in the State of California, there are hundreds of thousands of jobs that depend on U.S.Mexico trade. In the State of Texas, it is just under a half a million. In fact, every single State in the Union, including Alaska, has tens—if not hundreds—of thousands of jobs that depend on the flow of U.S.Mexico trade, which happens at our ports of entry and comes through at our border. There are 6 million jobs in this country, which represent hundreds of millions of dollars in salaries and economic growth and addon effects, that are dependent on U.S.Mexico trade. When we begin to prioritize 
our separation, in sealing Mexico off from the United States literally physically, we deprioritize those connections that make us stronger, that grow our economy, and that create more jobs in the United States. One thing that we should know, as long as we are talking about sharing facts and confronting some of these unfortunate, untrue myths about the border, is that, when we export to Mexico, of course, we win—we are building things in our factories; we are sending them to Mexico; the Mexican consumer buys them; those dollars are flowing back to the U.S. worker. It also happens that, when we import from Mexico, we win as 40 cents of every dollar of value that we import from Mexico originates in the United States. Literally, factory floor jobs in Ohio, in Iowa, in Michigan are producing things that go to Mexico and that are part of the final assembly that is reimported to the United States. We certainly make things in America today, but we make a lot of things in the United States and in Mexico concurrently. Our economies, our production platform—our future—is inextricably connected, and to try to break that apart is not simply going to hurt Mexico. It is going to hurt the United States. It is going to hurt the U.S. worker. It is going to hurt our economy. It is going to hurt our opportunity at growth. If we continue to cast Mexico as the enemy, if we threaten trade wars or to pull out of free trade agreements, if we construct a wall to try to humiliate that country at a time that it poses no security threat to the United States, the consequences are not going to be good. You may remember that I reminded you that migration from Mexico over the last 4 years is less than zero. More Mexicans are going south than are coming north to the United States. If you build a wall, withdraw from our trade agreements, try to de link our economies, where you do not have a security or an economic problem today, you will in the future have one. You will give people in Mexico a reason to flee that country and to seek opportunity and jobs and connections and safety and shelter somewhere else, and that somewhere else, in many cases, is, in fact, going to be the United States. If we want to make this country safer, if we want to make this country more prosperous, if we want to protect the American worker, then the policies that this President has adopted in the first 10 days in office are precisely the wrong way to go about doing it. They will make us less secure; they will slow down this country’s economy; they will jeopardize the 6 million jobs that depend on U.S.Mexico trade. If the U.S.Mexico border is as secure as it has ever been—look at any metric, and you will see that I am right— if we are having record low levels of northbound migration and apprehensions, if we are spending record amounts, if we are using new technologies, like drones, to patrol the border, if we have 20,000 Border Patrol agents, which is also a record high, why is there so much concern, why is there so much interest, why is there so much anxiety, why is there so much fear built up around the border? b1730 I will tell you, this is a long time in coming. And when we say that there are real issues with where these border measures are coming from, let me give you an example of some of those. One of our colleagues, when describing young Mexican immigrants coming to this country, said: Look at them. They have calves the size of cantaloupes. They are bringing drugs into this country. When you have a Presidential candidate dismiss Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals, despite the fact that immigrants commit crimes in this country at a much lower level than nativeborn U.S. citizens, when you have this kind of rhetoric, when you have this kind of mischaracterization, when you have this kind of vilification of an entire people and their connection to us at the U.S.Mexico border, then you be the judge of where these priorities are coming from and what they are about and why they in no way reflect the real concerns, threats, and issues that we have in this country today. My colleagues, the fact of the matter is Mexico presents opportunity to the United States and it always has. Whether it is the $90 billion in U.S. Mexico trade that passed through just the points of entry in El Paso, the city I have the honor of serving in Congress, and Ciudad Juarez, the city with which it is connected, whether it is the 6 million jobs that we already have in the United States economy, whether it is our security cooperation to ensure that we are disrupting transnational criminal organizations that are trying to move drugs and human chattel into this country, whether it is our work to address the real security issues in the northern triangle countries of Central America that border Mexico, we will lose a very valuable partner. We will lose those things that we want most: job growth, economic development, security for the people that we represent. When we begin to humiliate that country and its leadership—and President Pena Nieto has canceled a trip to visit the United States in just 1 week of this administration—nothing good will follow that. We cannot wall Mexico off from the United States. We cannot wish them to disappear. They will always be there, and they should always be there. And we should be grateful that they will always be there because they have always been a part of our history, our success, those things that are best about the United States; and, God willing, they will always be part of our future. I think it is going to take each and every one of us—every Republican, every Democrat, every person who doesn’t feel affiliation to a party—to stand together behind and with the facts, with the truth, with this country’s best interests in mind. I am confident that if we do that, if we will simply look at what is happening today, what has happened historically with that country, where our interests lie, we will make better policy. We will not be constructing walls between the two countries. We will, at some point—hopefully, sooner rather than later—tear down the 600 miles of fencing that already separates us. We will build more bridges that connect us, not just for trade, not just for economic growth, but for the reasons that the people I represent are so grateful for and proud of, the place that they call home, a city that, with Ciudad Juarez, forms the largest binational community in the world, where last year alone 32 million times people from El Paso and Juarez crossed into each other’s cities. Our families are on both sides of the border. Our business partners are on both sides of the border. Students at the University of Texas at El Paso, who live in Ciudad Juarez and are Mexican nationals, are granted instate tuition because we want to attract the very best and the very brightest. And we are going to find them all over the world—in the United States, certainly, but also in Mexico. I want to read to you a comment that a constituent of mine posted on our Facebook page this evening when I let my constituents know I would be on the floor talking about the border, asking them to share the truth and the reality, their perspective versus the myth that we hear so often here in Congress, on national TV, and from those who don’t live on or understand the border. Lisa Esparza said: 
The border has been great because I grew up in Ciudad Juarez. I came to El Paso, paid for an education at a private school, learned English. I love the fact that I am binational, and I can think and speak in two languages. 
Lisa and millions of fronteriza and fronterizo border residents exemplify the best of this country, literally, of what makes America great. El Paso, for those of you who do not know, has, for more than a century, served as the Ellis Island of the Western Hemisphere. If you came up from Mexico or your family did—or El Salvador or Guatemala or Honduras or Costa Rica or Argentina—there is a good chance that you came through the ports of entry in El Paso, Texas; that your family may have, before they went on to a destination further in the United States, settled in Segundo Barrio or in Chihuahuita. This is a community where they learned our laws, our values, where they learned to speak English, where they went to school, where they not just participated and believed in the American Dream, but became net contributors to it. It is one of the reasons that El Paso, 
Texas, is the safest city in the United States. It is the safest city not in spite of the large number of immigrants who live in my community—and, by official counts, 24 percent of the people that I represent were born in another country. It is not in spite of those people who were born in another country that El Paso is so safe. It is, in large part, because of their presence. Families made extraordinarily difficult decisions to leave their home country—their home city, their families, the language they knew, the customs that they loved—to come to a new country. They make sure that they follow our laws. They make sure that their kids follow our laws. They make sure that their kids are doing the right thing by this country so that they can get ahead, have an opportunity and a crack at the American Dream. Not only is there nothing wrong with that, there is something profoundly great about that. It is what has helped make El Paso the safest city, a wonderful city in America, a great country. I yield to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM), someone else who understands the value of our relationship with Mexico, the special character of border people, and the value of immigration and immigrants. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Madam Speaker, the people who, in fact, know the border issues the best—whether it is companies or lawmakers, both Republicans and Democrats, border communities, trade groups, economists, and law enforcement officials—all agree that building a wall is unnecessary, impractical, ineffective, and it is a complete waste of time and taxpayer money. This wall, in fact, damages New Mexico’s economy, and that is without taking into account President Trump’s idea to now impose a 20 percent tax on Mexican imports to pay for it. In the end, we know that it is American jobs, American consumers, and American companies that will be hurt. Given that the United States already maintains approximately 650 miles of border fence, drones, cameras, motion detectors, thermal imaging sensors, ground sensors, and 21,370 Border Patrol agents, the wall is completely unnecessary for the stakeholders who are, in fact, most impacted. The only person it truly benefits is President Trump by furthering his isolationist, divisive, and antiimmigrant agenda. I agree that this country should be building, and I agree with my colleague from El Paso, Mr. O’ROURKE , that there is a wonderful thing, an incredible thing about building bridges, building highways, building buildings, and refocusing our energy on making sure that everyone has a fair shot and that we are looking at those economic values and those economic indicators. That is not what we are doing here. We are diverting our attention for an unnecessary, huge, colossal mistake that hurts the progress that border communities and border States have made. Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) for bringing her State’s experience and perspective to bear on this issue and for being a champion for the best in our traditions and our values. I would like to build on the gentlewoman’s remarks and talk about one of the consequences of building walls. I have already made the case that the border is as secure as it has ever been. Those who study and understand security issues have come to the conclusion that extra miles of wall don’t deter migrants. The lower levels of migration that we have seen to this country have a lot more to do with the U.S. economy and its struggling performance in the immediate aftermath of the Great Recession and throughout that road to recovery and, relatively speaking, the performance in other countries, including Mexico, that has afforded Mexican nationals more opportunity to stay there. The border is as secure as it has ever been. We have recently doubled the size of the Border Patrol. We are using the latest and greatest technology to remain as vigilant as possible, which we should. It is also important to know the character and quality of the Border Patrol agents and Customs and Border Protection officers who man the line, who are at our ports, and who have one of the most difficult, dangerous jobs that anyone has in the Federal Government. The conditions in which they work, the situations which they must anticipate, the constant vigilance that they must maintain, and the kind of threats that they have to be aware of— which include drug smuggling, which is critically important to stop; which include human smuggling, which we must deter and stop; and which includes, even though there has never been a terrorist or terrorist act connected to the U.S.Mexican border, includes the possibility that sometime that might happen—those men and women are literally on the front line protecting this community. I would like to see some of the $14 billion to $20 billion proposed for the construction of a wall put behind our Border Patrol agents to improve their salaries, their working conditions, and the ability for them to do their job and to keep us safe. I would like to hire more Customs and Border Protection officers, the men and women in blue at our ports of entry who facilitate legitimate trade and travel at our ports of entry. They are the ones who help to keep this economy humming while keeping us safer. Madam Speaker, one of the consequences, though, of building walls, while it doesn’t make us safer and while it uses a lot of resources that could be better put toward other more legitimate security challenges, it does do one thing that I want all of us to know about. It does ensure that migrants coming to this country will unnecessarily suffer, and many will die. In the same time where we have gone from 1.6 million apprehensions a year— that was the year 2000, 1.6 million apprehensions on our southern border—to last year, when there were just a little over 400,000, so a quarter of the level that we had 15, 16 years ago, in that same time that we have had record low levels of migration, we have maintained record high levels of migrant deaths. So those few migrants who do try to cross in between our ports of entry and do encounter physical barriers are going to more remote sections of the border. They are dying of thirst. They are dying of exposure. These are otherwise preventable deaths. So I ask you to think about it this way. Whether you are looking at the moral dimension of this—the otherwise preventable deaths, the effort to humiliate our closest partner in the country, of Mexico—whether you look at the economic dimension of this, if you want to protect those 6 million jobs that depend on a strong U.S.Mexico connection, whether you look at the security dimension and taking our eye off the ball when it comes to real threats, proven threats that we have in this country at our international airports, at our northern border with Canada or increasingly homegrown radicals in the United States radicalized over the internet, if you want to remove resources from those real threats, then go ahead and build a wall if it makes you feel good. But it is going to make us less safe, it is going to make us less economically secure, and it is going to be to our lasting shame. It will haunt us, and it will haunt us for generations for anyone who supports this or does not stand up and speak against it. I would like to leave you with two anecdotes that I think exemplify the beauty, the strength, and the safety of the border. The first is a story of an event that took place this weekend in El Paso and Ciudad Juarez, where we are joined by the Rio Grande River channel. Right now, all that water is stored up at the Elephant Butte Reservoir in New Mexico. Really, there is just a little trickle in the river channel not more than a couple of inches deep. Thanks to the Border Network for Human Rights and thanks to the Border Patrol who allowed this, they were able to organize 300 families from Mexico and El Paso who were allowed to meet—one family at a time—in the middle of that river channel, both sides clearly identified so there would not be any security or immigration issues. b1745 And those families got to spend a total of 3 minutes together, families who, in some cases, had not seen each other for decades. A young woman 
posted on Facebook that she drove down from Oklahoma City to see her dad who she had not seen in 10 years. You had folks meeting grandchildren they had never seen before, sons or daughtersinlaw that they had never seen before, weeping, crying, laughing, hugging, holding, kissing for 3 minutes. That, to me, is absolutely beautiful. That, to me, is family values. That, to me, shows you the extent to which people will try to be together, to be with each other, to do the things that perhaps you and I, as U.S. citizens, take for granted. And that happened in El Paso, Texas, thanks to the Border Network for Human Rights, thanks also to the men and women in the Border Patrol. It didn’t compromise our security. It didn’t add any new immigrants to this country. It was just doing our best under the current conditions. The other anecdote that I would like to share with you, and which I will close on, involves another outstanding organization in the community that I have the honor to serve, Annunciation House, led by Ruben Garcia, who— when we faced unprecedented numbers of young children and young families, young moms in their teens and twenties, coming up from Honduras and Guatemala and El Salvador, which have become the deadliest countries, not just in Central America, not just in the Western Hemisphere, but in the world, the deadliest countries in the world; kids being murdered and raped and sold into slavery. Those kids fleeing that horrific brutality and violence, coming up the length of Mexico, sometimes riding on top of a train known as la bestia, or the beast, to come and present themselves at our border, not evade detection, not try and escape, not try to do anything against the law; literally, as the law proscribes, presenting themselves at our points of entry to a Border Patrol agent, or a Customs and Border Protection officer, and asking for help and for shelter, depending on the best traditions inscribed on the Statue of Liberty, counting on the United States in their moment of need. Well, the Border Patrol were outstanding. The agents themselves, out of their own pockets often, were buying toys and gifts for these young children, taking care of them, having their hearts broken, doing their best to serve them. Agents who work for ICE and immigration were doing their best as well. As that flow of people, the number of people became too many temporarily for us to hold and to process, they got in touch with Ruben Garcia at Annunciation House, which is a charity operated in El Paso, Texas. And Ruben took those asylum seekers, those refugees, and housed them, clothed them, fed them, insured they had showers and medication and a visit with a doctor, the ability to talk to their families deeper in the interior of the United States and, most importantly, especially for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, had a full and complete understanding of their legal obligations under U.S. law, what they were allowed and not allowed to do, what their court expectations were, and that they must appear in court, and that their issue must be adjudicated, and that they may or may not be able to stay in this country. Annunciation House, Ruben Garcia, the volunteers who work for him, and hundreds of other El Pasoans who contributed did this at not a penny’s cost to the Federal taxpayer or to our government. So $20 billion to build a wall or Annunciation House taking care of refugees, asylum seekers, little kids who need our help for free? That is the border. That is the best of us. That is the best of this country. That is what we need to think about. Those are the folks we need to listen to. Those are the facts we need to understand before we even contemplate building a wall, separating ourselves from Mexico, giving in to the nativist sentiment and instinct that was so proudly on display during this Presidential election. I think if we look at the facts, if we take the best from the border, we are going to get the best policy and the best outcome from the United States. And after all, isn’t that why we were all sent here? Isn’t that what we are supposed to do when our voters sent us here to do the work of the American people? Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CONDITIONS AT THE SOUTHERN BORDER OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, it is my honor to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. And I came here to the floor with a bit different topic in mind, but as I listened to the gentleman from Texas, I thought it would be a good idea, while there still was a captive audience on the topic, to refresh some things with perhaps a bit different perspective. And that would be that, from my time and experience, I have traveled most every mile of the southern border, that would be 2,000, all together. I think it would be true that I have traveled every mile of California and Arizona and New Mexico, and most all the miles in Texas. I have flown a lot of it. I have driven a lot of it. I have been out on the water on some of it. And I have spent some nights down on the border, a number of them in some of the dangerous crossings, like San Miguel’s crossing on the Tohono O’odham Reservation. It is one of those without any night vision and without what we would call official security. So when I hear that the border is as secure as it has ever been and that there is no security threat to the U.S., which is what we have just heard here in this previous hour, Madam Speaker, I absolutely don’t agree with that. And if there is no terrorism that is any factor at all, that there has never been a terrorist attack on the southern border, I would point the gentleman to the five heads that were lined up on the Mexican side of the fence across from the people that were driving to church in New Mexico a few years ago. I think those children that looked out the windows of their cars as they were getting a ride to church were victims of the terror that was created by heads stacked along the side of the highway within feet of our U.S. border. As I spend time with the Border Patrol agents that have made a career out of protecting our border down there, they tell me that there are murders on the Mexican side of the border, where they just throw the body over the fence on to the U.S. side; and other cases where they identify bodies on the Mexican side of the border, and they will call the Mexican security people, whom they have good relations with, as a rule, and they will see the equivalent of an S–10 pickup pull up and just throw the body in the back of the pickup and drive away, with zero forensics and very little attempt to identify who the perpetrators might be that have committed these murders there so close to the border. I have made surprise visits down to the border on a number of occasions, and I make it a point to drop in and see what is going on and talk to the people that are there protecting and guarding our border. I recall one of those visits down to Sasabe, Arizona, at a relatively rural crossing there. I pulled into that port of entry and port of exit for us, and I got out and I decided on the spot that, well, I should let them know who I am for reasons of courtesy, and so I introduced myself. Madam Speaker, I said: I’m Congressman STEVE KINGfrom Iowa. That agent immediately said: I can’t talk to you. And he turned and walked away. And so I went to the next agent and I introduced myself: I’m STEVE KING from Iowa. And he said: I can’t talk to you, but talk to Mike. Mike is the supervisor here tonight, and he’s ready to retire, and he has terminal cancer. He will talk to you. And I went and spoke to Mike. The gentleman’s name is Mike Crane. It was Mike Crane. He did have terminal cancer. That is verified. And he has since passed away. But as we were speaking about the difficulties in securing the border and the illegal crossings, both one east and one west of the crossing at Sasabe, he got a phone call, and he said, Excuse me, and stepped away, and he was gone for a couple of minutes outside the circle. 
He came back in and he said: There’s been a knifing on the Mexican side of the border, and so there will be an ambulance coming through this border and this crossing in a few minutes. And I’ve called in U.S. ambulances with oxygen on them, and I’ve called in a helicopter to fly this victim out and to the Tucson University Hospital. So we waited there for a few minutes. The Mexican ambulance came across the crossing. I did have an EMT with me and I asked him to do what he could to lend a hand to help save this victim’s life, so he was in the middle of that process. In the Mexican ambulance there was only one glove—just one glove—and a roll of gauze and nothing else, no oxygen, no medical equipment. It was an ambulance as far as the shell of it was concerned, and the painting on the outside said ‘‘ambulance,’’ but inside, it was just the same thing as an old home bread truck. So they took him out of that Mexican ambulance. The U.S. ambulances had arrived fairly close to that period of time and they put him on oxygen and stabilized him, and then we loaded him off on to a helicopter and flew him up to Tucson University Hospital. I went to Tucson that night, and the next morning I went to Tucson University Hospital and, essentially, talked my way in to visit this victim that had been stabbed in the liver with a knife or a shiv that was—I just recall it was 3
1⁄2inches wide at the hilt. That was the width of the wound in him. I went to the room that he was in and they said: Okay, here he is behind this curtain. It was a twopatient room. When I walked behind the curtain, the individual there who had been knifed the night before was not the one that I had seen and been part of taking care of at Sasabe. It was a different victim that had been wounded under the same circumstances, probably a different location in a different fight and brought into Tucson University Hospital to be stabilized. As I was, I will say, looking at the situation, the patient whom I knew had been wounded the night before was rolled down the hallway in a wheelchair. He had been stabilized. He looked a lot better. We didn’t know if he was going to live. So then I assessed the situation and, Madam Speaker, I then met with the chief financial officer of the Tucson University Hospital and other leaders there in the hospital and collected a whole series of narratives about the cost of the medical care that has been assumed by the United States, even from people who have injuries in a foreign country. This cost on this particular incident was $30,000 to bring the wounded Mexican into the United States—parole him into the United States is the legal term that we use—and then to send him back to Mexico once he was stabilized. And they had to post an agent with him to guard him during that period of time. Now, I am not here on the floor tonight taking a position on whether that is right or wrong. From a moral standpoint, it is right. But we should be aware of what is going on. This is not a stable border. It is not a safe border. I have sat on the border at the other crossing in Tohono O’odham Reservation, San Miguel crossing, and there, throughout the night, I heard vehicles coming through the mesquite brush, and you can listen and hear the doors open. You hear the individuals get out and drop their packs on the ground. They will close the door and you can hear them talking and whispering to each other; pick their packs up and walk off through the brush. I sat there and tried to count the shadows, and I won’t give you those numbers because none of us are sure what we see when it is pitch black out, but I know what I heard. And we counted a good number of people that were delivered down there to that crossing who came through the fence, which it would be rare for that to hold an old cow as they walk a fourbarbed wire fence with the barbs pushed down where they have been continually crossing in the path through there, you can easily see. When the gentleman from El Paso tells us that we are down to the low crossing level of kind of a modern history lowest crossing level of roughly 400,000 people last year, compared to not quite 1.6 million in the year 2000, I would point out that we count those who we can count, those who we see and those who we willingly see. If we are not looking for them, if we are not guarding the portion of the border that they are pouring through, and we say we have counted 400,000 attempts coming into the United States, that doesn’t mean that there are only 400,000 attempts; that only means we counted 400,000. The same goes with the interdiction of roughly 1.6 million. They were more aggressive then. And I will say that Bill Clinton was successful in interdicting more border crossing attempts than any other President. I don’t know that that was his goal or his objective, but I believe that was the statistical results. To that extent, Madam Speaker, I don’t disagree with the gentleman from Texas. And I agree that the border crossings have slowed down. Ten years ago they were greater than they are today, but it is not logical, in fact, it is not rational to assert that the border is as secure as it has ever been. Neither is it logical or rational to say that it is no security threat. In the times that I have been on the border, I have encountered the incidents of seven different persons of interest from nations of interest. That is our vernacular that we use when we see people that are coming from—I will call them—terroristspawning states. If an Iranian or an Iraqi or a Yemeni shows up at the southern border and they are interdicted by our Border Patrol, they are then placed into the hands of the FBI. At the moment that that happens, it becomes a classified incident. I doubt if the gentleman from El Paso encounters this. I am down there for the purpose of hearing some of those things, one of the purposes. And I have seven of them that I have logged in my time that I have been down there. And if there have been seven incidents of persons of interest from nations of interest, and I am only going to learn about that in that window between the time they are interdicted and the time that they are taken into the custody of the FBI. b1800 So how many hundreds are there and perhaps more that are terrorists that are crossing into the United States? We know the easiest way to get into the United States illegally is to cross our southern border. So these assertions that we don’t have a border security problem and that it is not a security threat are false. Their idea is that we should just simply leave the border open. I heard hire more agents not to secure the border, but to facilitate crossing through legal crossings. I think there are some things we can and should be doing with facilitating legal crossings to and from the United States of America. I don’t disagree with the full breadth of that statement, Mr. Speaker, but the facts are 80 to 90 percent of the illegal drugs consumed in America come from or through Mexico—80 to 90 percent. It is more than a $60 billion annual business pouring into the United States. Out of that $60 billion worth of drugs, a lot of that is laundered in the United States and brought back into Mexico and points south down toward— and for cocaine, for example, from Colombia. We saw a big bust of Colombian cocaine that was smuggled into the nose of an airplane that was found by the maintenance crew when they diverted the plane for maintenance. But 80 to 90 percent of the illegal drugs come from or through Mexico. It is an American problem. It is a demand we have on the streets of America for more than $60 billion of illegal drugs that kill thousands of our citizens. We have seen the addiction. We have seen the heroin addictions that have emerged in the United States and become part of the news in the last few years, but the people who die from overdoses of drugs has accelerated to more than die because of car accidents in the United States. Now, that is alarming when you consider most all of us travel in cars in this country. Not a very big percentage of us are addicted to drugs, but it is a very high percentage of those who are drug addicted that are dying because of the drugs they are getting and the 
overdoses and the bad drugs that they are getting, and we need to shut that down and shut that off. It isn’t a final solution, I would agree, because, Mr. Speaker, there are two sides to this equation. One of them is that we need to address the supply of drugs, the transport of illegal drugs into the United States and the delivery of them in the United States to their retail destination. But the other side is we need to shut down the demand on those illegal drugs. That is a topic that this Congress has not taken up in the time that I have been here. I have stood here on this floor a number of times and discussed the need for us to shut down the demand for illegal drugs. Mr. Speaker, I will set that component aside for a moment and acknowledge that part of this problem is the United States’ demand for illegal drugs. The deaths in the United States aren’t solely the responsibility of the drug dealers. It also is the responsibility of our society to restigmatize illegal drug use and abuse and to clean up our society using a number of tools that we haven’t yet developed: the will in our society to address the drug consumption problem in America. Nonetheless, we have developed the will, I believe, especially with the election of Donald Trump, to address the illegal drug supply coming into America and to shut off the smuggling of drugs into the United States. So when I hear from the gentleman from El Paso that he wants open borders and he thinks walls and fences insult people and they damage the relationships between us and Mexico, what about 100,000 dead Mexicans that die in the drug wars? Doesn’t that damage our relationship between the United States and Mexico far more than the size of a wall that would probably save tens of thousands of Mexican lives by drawing a line, creating a barrier, and keeping the illegal drugs on the south side of that border away from the $60 billionplus demand in the United States? I think that damages our relationship a lot more if we continue to allow that to happen. The flow of illegal drugs flows this way into the United States. This is from the Drug Enforcement Agency. I said to them that I want to know about the drug distribution in America, who controls it. I know the answer, but I asked the question so I have got their response. It is the Mexican drug cartels that control almost all of the illegal drug distribution in the United States of America. They are the cartels that operate in every major city, that control the illegal drug supply in nearly every major city; and if there is a significant exception, it is the southern tip of Florida—Miami—where more of those drugs come out of South America, across, through Haiti, and are smuggled into the United States. A lot by boat come through the Caribbean and into Miami and points along Key West. That is more a Haitian connection, South American connection, and to some degree a Cuban connection. But the balance of illegal drugs distributed in America are done so by the Mexican drug cartels. I asked the Drug Enforcement Agency, I said to them: What would be the result of the illegal drug distribution chains in America if, magically, everyone who is illegally in America woke up in their home country tomorrow morning, what would that do to the illegal drug distribution system in the country? Their answer is: It would sever at least one link in every distribution chain of illegal drugs in America, at least one, and in many cases every link of that chain of distribution of illegal drugs. In other words, for a brief time, if that magical miracle thing happened that everybody woke up in their home country, say, tomorrow morning, there would be an instantaneous suspension of the transfer of illegal drugs through that chain into America and into the hands of the users, where tens of thousands are dying because of the drug abuse that they are committing. That is how bad this drug stream is in America. I cannot be convinced that it is not a national security problem. I can’t be convinced that it is not a social problem, a law enforcement problem, a criminal problem, and an economic problem. We are allowing these crimes against the humanity of the United States and turning a deaf ear—a deaf ear—because we don’t want to speak about how bad this is because somebody over on that side will start calling names again. Well, I don’t think I ever got up in the morning without a bunch of them calling me names before I ever got up—no matter how early— and I am immune to that, but I think we need to speak the truth. With regard to the offensiveness of fences and walls, and having traveled almost all of this border and examined it for the prospects of the need to build a fence, a wall, and a fence on our southern border, I would recount, Mr. Speaker, to you what I saw from the helicopter over El Paso. The gentleman spoke and said that El Paso is the safest city in America. I have to check the data on that, but I do recall that El Paso is unusually safe in comparison to the other border cities between Texas and Mexico or even between New Mexico, Arizona, California and Mexico. Why would El Paso be an unusually safe city if it sits on the border in the fashion that it does? And it does. The gentleman from El Paso recounted that it is because they get along with each other and because they have 25 percent immigrants in his constituent population, and somehow they have reached this balance of comity that they get along and so they don’t commit crimes against each other. I didn’t hear him address the drug problem at all. He may have and I missed it. But I will submit that is not the reason why the crime rate is low in El Paso. Anybody who would like to fly over the border and take a look at that in El Paso can see why the crime rate is low. I recall President Obama going down there and standing within about a mile of the border a few years ago and making remarks. He said that some people want to build a wall on the border, some want to build a fence, some want to build a moat, and some way want to put alligators in it. That was President Obama’s statement. He was standing there, by the way, facing north with his back to the border. Not very far away is a fence, a canal, another fence, a security road, the Rio Grande river, another fence, another security road, and another fence. So if you have to get through all those fences and two bodies of water that were flowing—when I looked at it—at a pretty brisk pace, and I know it slows down during the low season, that would be the reason they don’t have a lot of illegal activity in El Paso because they have probably the best security structures that we have between us and Mexico. It is a testimony to why we need to build a fence, a wall, and a fence. It is not a testimony as to why we don’t, but a testimony as to why we do. If anybody wanted to look, and look at this objectively, perhaps the gentleman from El Paso would show us the crime data on what the crimes were in El Paso before they built the fence, the canal, the road, the fence, the river, the road, and the fence. It is pretty hard to get through that. You have got to be able to climb, swim, and maybe burrow underneath one or two, and then you have got the traffic, the security traffic that travels inside of that. The Border Patrol has that traveled with their white with green striped vehicles there. This is a secure barrier between El Paso and Mexico, and it has kept El Paso safer than other border cities. I believe you will find, if you look at the years before the security was built, that the crime rate was higher than it is today in El Paso. So if we want to really do this from an analytical perspective, perhaps we could extrapolate some of those numbers and project that kind of security to, oh, Laredo, for example, McAllen, Brownsville, and maybe San Diego, which already has better crime rates now after they built their barriers across Smuggler’s Gulch. Everybody who has a fence admits they are safer than before they had one. There is another tragedy, Mr. Speaker, that I recall the gentleman speaking to. He said that we should tear down the 600 miles of barrier that we have. Well, it is the opposite. We need to build them up. But, in any case, he said that those who study walls say they don’t deter illegal traffic coming across them. Indeed. I wonder if the gentleman studied what was going on in Israel, the fencing that they built in Israel, and if he 
happened to even notice the tweet that came out from Prime Minister Netanyahu just a couple days ago. He said that they built a barrier to protect them in Israel, and it is nearly 100 percent effective. Their lives depend upon it. So they built an effective barrier, Mr. Speaker. Anyone who is watching history knows this. I hear the other side refer to a wall that we will build on the Mexican border as they compare it to the Berlin Wall. I wonder if they know enough about history to relate any other walls that have been built in history. Not quite a year ago, we had Victor Davis Hanson, one of my top two favorite authors in the country and one of the deepest, most thoughtful, well read, and prolific writers of history that goes far back to the Greek Peloponnesian era and beyond. He has a terrific understanding of the history of the globe and how it unfolded, especially to Western civilization and came to us. I said: Mr. Hanson, I would like to know, I can think of the Berlin Wall as a wall that was built to keep people in. It was built by Communists to keep people in. Can you think of another wall in history that was built to keep people in? I look across the history that I know, the rest of the walls were built to keep people out. Victor Davis Hanson thought for a little while. He said: Well, one could note the wall, the fence, the barrier between North and South Korea is at least in part built to keep people in North Korea. I don’t disagree with that. It is just another case where Communists had to lock their people up to keep them from freedom. So I would challenge anyone who is listening, Mr. Speaker, dig through your history books, Google this to the end of the Earth if you like. I would like to know if there is another example of a fence or a wall that has been built by a nationstate on its borders that is built for the purpose of keeping people in—other than Berlin and the barrier between North and South Korea. In both cases, it was keeping Communists locked in a Communist nation and keeping them from accessing the Godgiven liberty and freedom that we enjoy here in this country. The rest of the walls throughout history, including the Great Wall of China, were built to keep people out. The examples of that, in the Great Wall of China, would be that the segments of the Great Wall of China were built by different emperors. In fact, they were not a unified China during those years. I am going back several hundred years before Christ. Different emperors built different segments of the wall. They built them because they concluded the Mongols were coming down from the north and were raiding the Chinese. The Chinese decided they didn’t want to be the subject of those raids any longer. When you are not defended like that, you have a couple of choices. One, of course, is to submit and be killed, and that is not an option for the survivors at least. Another is you can run raids up into the Mongolian area and provide them a punishing deterrent to ever coming back into China again. A third alternative was to build the Great Wall of China. They built it in segments. It had gaps in between it. By about 245 B.C., the first emperor of China, the unifier of China, Qin Shi Huang, decided to connect all of these segments of the Great Wall of China, so we have got one continuous wall. You could pull a chariot on top of it, it was so big and so well built. That wall—we believed up until the last few years—was 5,500 miles long, at least 2
1⁄2times as long as we need to build on the Mexican border. He connected that together. I am sure he had cheap labor. I don’t have any doubt about that. They may have worked for free and board and room, but they connected the great walls of China. Their emperor, Qin Shi Huang, established the continuity of that wall that now, by satellite, Chinese scientists have identified it as it really was—13,000 miles long. b1815 That is 13,000 miles. We need to build a dinky, little 2,000mile wall here—a fence, a wall, and a fence—and people say it is too expensive. It doesn’t cash flow. We can’t possibly do that. It is too hard. There are mountains on the border. There are complications. There are little toads that need to jump across the border. There are longnosed bats that get confused if they have to fly over the top of it. There are these little species out here that we should worry about. And we have got an Indian reservation that spans both sides of that border. That is Tohono O’Odham. All of these complications right away would be too expensive. The woeisme people come out. They have been manufacturing all these reasons why it doesn’t make sense to build a fence, a wall, and a fence on the southern border, creating every kind of difficulty that you can imagine. I will just tell you, Mr. Speaker, in my lifetime, I started a construction company in 1975. We are in the business of earthmoving and structural concrete work. We do underground utilities of all kinds. We know pretty well what it takes to do a job. We bid jobs nearly every week, and we are out there with, let’s say, two underground utility crews, a farm drainage crew, and an earthmoving crew, mix and match, according to the needs of the job we are doing. Throughout the last more than 10 years, I have drawn up a design that I think is the most effective way to build a wall on the southern border, one that is cheap and effective and that will stand and last a long time with very low and very little maintenance. I will just briefly describe that for the RECORD , Mr. Speaker. We have an ability to slip formed concrete. A lot of the curbs and gutters that you see around on our streets aren’t forms that are set up and poured any longer with a concrete worker with a board pulling that up on the edge of that 2by12 on the back. Instead, it is slip form, where you simply drive the machine along, it scrapes the concrete off, and you pour it with a low enough slump that it will stand in the mold that you leave it in. I propose that we go in and trench that 5 or 6 feet deep, and as we do so with the trencher, we pull the slip form along with that. Pour the trench full of concrete, 5 to 6 feet deep, so it is hard to dig under it, and it also becomes a wall that stabilizes the vertical sections that will go up above the Earth, and leave a slot in there so we can drop in precast panels. When that is done, you have got a footing that is 3 to 4 feet wide. It has got a notch in it that drops down a foot or 18 inches that has a 6 or 7inch gap to receive the precast concrete panels. The precast concrete panels are poured pretty much on site, where they don’t have to be moved very much. As you do that, you move along and pour the concrete panels. When they are cured, you just take a crane or an excavator and pick them up one at a time to drop them into the slot. Drop the next one into a slot. They are tongue and groove. You lay that all out along the border. And yes, you have to tie it in so that it doesn’t tip on you vertically. You have to engineer it. The strongest force on that wall isn’t going to be people trying to get through or over it, it is the wind force on the full face of the wall that you have to design for. We can do all of that, and it is simple. Then, with that kind of a pace, even the crews that we have today in our little, old construction company— and I will say for the record, Mr. Speaker, I am not proposing that King Construction build this, but I am asserting that it is not expensive, it is not complicated, and many companies in America have the full capability of building a good wall on the border that will stand for a long time. But, in any case, we slip form that footing foundation with the open slot in it, and then we drop the precast panels in. They can be whatever height the President of the United States would like. If he wants a 12foot wall, we can build that, and I can price that out and put an estimate in place. As I mentioned to the Secretary the other day, we are not proposing that we build it for the price I put into his hands, but if you call my bluff, we will. His answer was: Well, will you build 10 miles? I said: No, we want a thousand miles. That is how good I think my estimate is. Our word would be good. But we will find cheaper bids out there if we put this together right. So we can put this together for substantially less 
than I am hearing from this gentleman. I don’t know where he is getting his numbers. Mine are real. We cranked them out in the sophisticated software bidding package that King Construction uses for multiple jobs that are going on. Every week, we are bidding some kind of jobs. When I stood on the floor here 10 years ago and said that we will build a wall with a 5foot foundation in it, a slot in it, and precast panels, a functional 12foot height, 6inch wide concrete with wire on top, and we can do that for $1.3 million a mile. That is for the foundation, the wall only. That is not for rightofway acquisition, that is not for maintenance roads, that is not for all the bells and whistles that we need, or for the fence on either side that I believe we need, but that is what the wall would cost—roughly in the area of $1.3 million a mile. If that doesn’t sound plausible, Mr. Speaker, I will put this in a perspective for everybody that is listening here. We are just finishing up, and will here, I guess, a year from this fall, almost 300 miles of highway across the middle of Iowa through expensive cornfields. It is interstateequivalent. It is four lanes. It is all built with the medians and the ditches. When you look at an interstate highway, first, you have to by the rightof way. Then you have to do the environmental and archeological tests. Then you do the engineering. Then you have the contracts. Then you have to do the clearing and grubbing. You strip the topsoil, stockpile it, move the Earth, and then when that is done, you go in and put in any subgrade that you have got. Then you pave, then you shoulder it. Then you seed it. While all this is going on, then you paint the stripes on it, put the signs up, and you put a fence on either side of that. Then you cut the ribbon, and it is open to traffic. You are hearing people talk about a $20 or $30 billion project to build a 2,000mile wall on the southern border. I will submit, Mr. Speaker, this: we built that highway through the center of Iowa for roughly 300 miles for an average cost of something slightly less than $4 million a mile. That is buying the rightofway going through Iowa cornfields, not the desert, and that is all of the engineering, the earthmoving, the paving for our highway strength structure. Can anybody think that, at $4 million a mile to build an interstate, you can’t build a fence for about $1.3? I will tell you that, in the $2 million a mile category, we will have a fence, a wall, and a fence on 80 percent of that southern border. And there will be maybe 20 percent of that, and probably not more than 20 percent of that, that is tougher than that, and that is rock and it is mountain. Some of it is semivertical. What I have long said is: Let’s build that fence, the wall, and the fence until they stop going around the end. You don’t have to commit to a thousandmile barrier right away and build it out into the Gulf at the Rio Grande and the Gulf of Mexico where the Rio Grande dumps in or run it into the Pacific Ocean in San Diego, although those are probably good places to have it. You build it until they stop going around the end. If you build it into the mountain and the stone and they decide it is too hard to travel all that way and climb those mountains, you don’t need to build it any further. But when they start going around the end, then you build it. We can build right over the top of the mountains, if we need to. We can put that foundation in there and drop the panels in right up nearly vertical face, if we need to. It is a lot more design and is expensive. Or, we can build the wall around the base of the mountain, where it makes more sense to do that. In some places, we probably won’t need to build one for a long time, if ever, but let’s build it where it’s cheap and fast and where there is a lot of traffic. Let’s shut it all off, Mr. Speaker, and let’s do so for a cheap and economic price of a good concrete wall that will last for a century or more standing there with very little maintenance. And yes, I think we should have vibration sensors, and I think we ought to have infrared where we need it. I think we ought to have cameras where it makes sense. We need people to patrol that. That all goes with the package. I will say, as I said to President Trump more than a month ago, we build the wall until they stop going around the end. This is the centerpiece of our border security. And then all of the other things we do with sensors and lights and sensing wire on top of the wall, all of that are accessories to the centerpiece, which is the concrete wall. Donald Trump never said a fence. I am going to build you a fence. He said wall. Some of his people, usually it is the ones that come from more to the left of the Republican center than those who come from the right of the Republican center, will say: Well, he really meant virtual. He didn’t really mean that we are going to build a wall. It might be a fence, or there might be places where we don’t really need to do anything. You will hear all of that. They are saying that because they never believed in border security. If you remember, Mr. Speaker, there was a document that was put out shortly after the election in 2012, in November of 2012, called the autopsy report. That autopsy report gave an assignment to Republicans that said you have to do outreach to certain groups of people, and you have to play identity politics. Don’t be caught pandering, but play identity politics, and we shouldn’t be securing the border because that offends people that want to cross it legally. That was the message that was driven out of there. It wasn’t based on polling and data and statistics—at least not the data that I watched. Instead, it was a product of the party itself. I bring this up not to turn any heat up on anyone but to illustrate that the very election of Donald Trump as President of the United States refutes that autopsy report received in 2012. It says that all people want to live in a lawful society, except for the people who are breaking the law. We want to live in a lawful society. We want a peaceful society. We don’t want violence. We don’t want drugs. We don’t want heads lined up on the border. We don’t want to have the kind of slaughter over drug wars in the United States that has been taking place in Mexico far too many years. When they report 100,000 people killed over the last decade or so in the drug wars in Mexico, and, by the way, the $60plus billion of drugs a year that come into America, there is also that same amount of money that is wired back to Mexico. That is either laundered drug money or the fruit of the wages of people who are working in America sending their wages out of the United States. That is not necessarily an economic boon for us when you see $60 billion worth of drugs ruining the lives of American drug addicts and $60 billion worth of wages or drug money going back to funnel into and fuel the economy of Mexico. That is stupid for the United States of America to accept that kind of transfer of a massive transfer of wealth and that destruction of our own people. As bad as it is, 100,000 Mexicans killed in the drugs wars over the last decade or perhaps a little less than that, many more Americans have died because of drug overdoses in that period of time. And do we shed a tear for them? We should. And there are others we should shed a tear for, Mr. Speaker. There are others like Kate Steinle, a beautiful brownhaired, blueeyed, 32 yearold lady out with her father along the wharf in San Francisco. If I can remember his name—Juan Francisco LopezSanchez is his name—was deported at least five times from the United States for committing felonies. And what did he do? He came back into the United States, and he went to a sanctuary city, San Francisco, that had put out the beacon in the advisement that said: Come to our city. We will protect you. We will not let Federal immigration officials disturb your life here. We have hearts for people who are criminals, who are felons violating American laws with impunity being deported and coming back into America. So he is living in a sanctuary city in San Francisco. He shot Kate Steinle in the back, and she fell and died in her father’s arms, this beautiful young lady. When I saw that story, when it came up on my Twitter account that day, I looked at that and retweeted the story with a quote that said: This will make you cry, too. 
Just sitting alone, reading my email, when I saw that story, it made me cry, Mr. Speaker, because I know that Kate Steinle is not 1 of the 124 who her father, Jim Steinle, spoke of when he so courageously testified before the House Judiciary Committee. I give him great credit for having the courage to do so, and to commemorate his daughter’s life. She is not 1 of 124, which were essentially undocumented who were documented to be released who committed homicide after they had been released by our previous administration. That number is not 124. Mr. Speaker, that number is in the thousands. It is in the thousands—the Americans who died at the hands of criminal aliens who are in the United States illegally committing crimes against. And I call them Americans. Sometimes they are green card holders, lawful permanent residents. b1830 Sometimes they are here on a visa. They are legally in the United States. Sometimes they are illegal aliens that also crept into America that die at the hands of those who should not be here. Now, from where I stand, every life that has been sacrificed, that has been taken at the hand of someone who is unlawfully present in the United States of America, every life could have been saved. Every crime is a preventable crime, and I have lived that and believed that for a long time, Mr. Speaker. As I came to this Congress some 14 years ago, I listened to the witnesses before the Immigration Subcommittee, and the witnesses would continually testify about how many lives were lost in the Arizona desert as people were trying to sneak into America. Having snuck across the border and they are trying to creep through the desert, often the heat will affect them, and they will be without water and they will die of exposure or exhaustion. The numbers went from roughly 200 a year in the Arizona desert, I recall them going up to as high as 450. That testimony would come almost every hearing, someone would come in and testify to the number of lives lost on an annual basis in the Arizona desert. I began to wonder, as I would hear the news stories in the United States of the Kate Steinles and the Jamiel Shaws—Jamiel Shaw’s son, Jas Shaw, a 17yearold high school football star who was killed on the streets in southern California at the hand of a Mexican drug gang member who had been given the assignment to go out and kill a Black person. Jas, the son, had just spoken to his father on the cell phone and said: I will be home in just a few minutes, Dad. But he never came home because he was shot in the head and killed up the street a block or two from his home because he was Black, because the assignment to his murderer was to go kill a Black person. Jamiel Shaw will never, never forget those days. Neither will Jas’s mother, who was serving in the military and, I believe, deployed at the time. Both of them have testified here in the United States Congress. There are others. Sarah Root from Modale, Iowa, a perfect 4.0 grade point average, studying criminal investigation at Bellevue University in Omaha. I believe the date that she graduated would have been January 30, 2016. The next day she was run over and brutally killed by a drag racing, illegal alien, Mejia—Eswin, I believe his first name was, Mejia—who had 2
1⁄2times the legal blood alcohol content. He was drag racing, and he ran Sarah Root, this perfect young woman with the beginning of her adult life set up perfectly in front of her, the only daughter of her father, Scott, and her mother, Michelle. She had a brother, Scotty. Sarah’s parents have both testified also before the House Committee on the Judiciary. This is personal, Mr. Speaker. It is personal to these families that have lost a loved one that they know would be alive today if the administrations had enforced existing immigration laws. When I read the very, very sad story in Cottonwood, Minnesota, southwest Minnesota, not very far from my district, several years ago where a schoolbus full of kids was taking kids home from school, from after school, and an illegal alien who had twice encountered law enforcement and twice been released on the streets because the local law enforcement decided ‘‘it is not my job,’’ ran the schoolbus off the road and into the ditch, and the bus rolled over. Four gradeschool children were killed up by Cottonwood, Minnesota: a brother and a sister, and then separate children from two other families. Three families grieving at the tragic, horrible death of their grade school children. If we had enforced our immigration laws, those children would be alive today. They would be living, laughing, loving, studying, maybe teaching. They would be falling in love and doing all of the things that we want them to do as Americans, but their lives were snuffed out because we had an administration that refuses to enforce the law. Others would say: Well, Congressman KING, you cannot assert that it is because of illegal activity or illegal aliens in America that brought about the death of those four children in Cottonwood, Minnesota, or the death of Sarah Root from Modale, Iowa, or the death of Kate Steinle in San Francisco, or Jas Shaw, or Brandon Mendoza, or Dominic Durden. All of their lives and thousands more have been lost because we refused to enforce immigration law. They tell me: No, crimes will be committed, bad things will happen; it has got nothing to do with not enforcing immigration law. My answer to them is, Mr. Speaker: Then you go tell those parents in Cottonwood, Minnesota, that their children would still be dead if we had deported the perpetrator who killed them. You go tell the parents of Kate Steinle that she would still be dead if Juan Francisco LopezSanchez had been effectively deported or locked up for a mandatory 5year sentence, as we have written into Kate’s law, that Kate would still be dead if we had enforced such a law on Sanchez. Or go tell the mother of Brandon Mendoza that her fine and proud law enforcement son would still be dead if we had deported the illegal who ran him down that day. Or tell Jamiel Shaw that his son, Jas, would still be dead if we had deported the illegal alien who murdered his son on the street in his neighborhood. We know better, Mr. Speaker. This is personal. It is personal in the lives of thousands of families in America who are suffering thousands of incidents of their grief that will be part of their lives. For generations, they will look back, and they will grieve for those lost family members who will not be there on Easter or on Christmas or on Thanksgiving, and they will grieve for the grandchildren who were never born, and they will call upon their surviving brothers and sisters: Now you are responsible to be the parents of the grandchildren for the parents who lost their daughter or lost their son. That is what is at stake here, Mr. Speaker. We are a nation of laws, but we are, today, a nation of not yet fully enforced laws, and we have had a President in the past who seemed to want to bring in the maximum number of illegal aliens and leave them here and keep them here. He never demonstrated a desire to enforce the law as he opened up the borders of America to people who are coming from terrorist spawning countries. Now, thankfully, we have Donald Trump, who has stepped up to close those borders back down again and get a handle on this migration so that the American people can be safer. But we will be a lot safer with a fence, a wall, and a fence on our southern border. By the way, at this point now, the United States is spending, annually, $13.4 billion a year—that is billion with a B—to secure our southern border, and we are getting perhaps 25 percent enforcement efficiency in that southern border—25 percent. That, by the way, is the testimony of the Border Patrol before the Committee on the Judiciary. It is not a number that is brought up from someone who wants to be critical of them. I salute the Border Patrol. They have got a tough job. But their operation has not been managed for the purpose of securing our border and achieving border security. They have tried to redefine it as to something else. Oh, $13.4 billion a year spent on our 2,000mile southern border. Now, somebody out there, Mr. Speaker, has done the math on that and divided 2,000 miles into $13.4 billion. That comes to $6.7 million a mile to secure our southern border, $6.7 million a mile for every 
into the United States, shut off the illegal traffic into America, shut off the terrorists who are sneaking into America because the easiest and most reliable way for them to get here is across our southern border. If we do all of that, there will be respect for both countries that will be established. And I would say this to President Trump. And that is, he is a builder, I am a builder. I don’t have any doubt about how to build that wall or to build the fences on the south and north side of that so that we have two no man’s lands to patrol. I don’t know that he has any doubt about it either. He has said that he will build a big, beautiful wall. Well, I am looking for the architect’s ideas on beauty. That is not my forte. But the structural functionality and the efficiency of its construction is my forte. And I encourage that we draw up the plans and designs for this and let contracts to those contractors who can effectively and efficiently do this in a competitive lowbid fashion with a proper inspection, and we will build that barrier that can stand for a long time, designed to keep people and contraband out, as every other wall in the history of the world, including the Great Wall of China and the walls that were built in northern England and those across northern Germany. The Romans built walls there to protect themselves as well. Each wall, with the exception of those designed by communists to keep their subjects in, has been designed to keep people out. There is a huge moral difference between a wall to keep people in and a wall to keep criminals, terrorists, and also decent people, and contraband out. It is a simple equation. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate your attention here this evening on this topic. I look forward to the construction of the fence, the wall, and the fence on our southern border, and the restoration of the respect for the rule of law. I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of family emergency. 
RULE XI .—REFERRALS TO SUBCOMMITTEES . Referral of Bills and Other Matters by Chairman.—Except for bills and other matters retained by the Chairman for Full Committee 
consideration, each bill or other matter referred to the Full Committee shall be referred by the Chairman to one or more subcommittees within two weeks of receipt by the Committee. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Full Committee. Bills or other matters referred to subcommittees may be reassigned or discharged by the Chairman. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
By Mr. SCALISE (for himself and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 781. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow charitable organizations to make statements relating to political campaigns if such statements are made in the ordinary course of carrying out its tax exempt purpose; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCHENRY (for himself and Ms. MENG): H.R. 782. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the amount excluded from gross income for employerprovided dependent care assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LOBIONDO (for himself and Mr. PALLONE ): H.R. 783. A bill to amend chapter 178 of title 28 of the United States Code to permit during a 4year period States to enact statutes that exempt from the operation of such chapter, lotteries, sweepstakes, and other betting, gambling, or wagering schemes involving professional and amateur sports; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. LOBIONDO ): H.R. 784. A bill to amend title 28 of the United States Code to exclude the State of New Jersey from the prohibition on professional and amateur sports gambling to the extent approved by the legislature of the State; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. WILSON of South Carolina): H.R. 785. A bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, or to refrain from such activities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. NORTON , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. L EE, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 786. A bill to place a moratorium on permitting for mountaintop removal coal mining until health studies are conducted by the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MOORE , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio): H.R. 787. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to promote early voting in elections for Federal office and to prevent unreasonable waiting times for voters at polling places used in such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Ms. CHENEY, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. WALZ, Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. C OMER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M AST, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. PEARCE , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 788. A bill to amend the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUDD (for himself, Mr. SANFORD , Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. GOHMERT ): H.R. 789. A bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to limit assistance to the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Liberation Organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. JONES , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. L EE, Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. FUDGE ): H.R. 790. A bill to repeal certain provisions of the GrammLeachBliley Act and revive the separation between commercial banking and the securities business, in the manner provided in the Banking Act of 1933, the so called ‘‘GlassSteagall Act’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 791. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional gold medal to Muhammad Ali, in recognition of his contributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 792. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the section 45 credit for refined coal from steel industry fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. H ECK, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. WALZ, and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 793. A bill to amend the National Security Act of 1947 to provide for additional requirements relating to the regular attendees of meetings of the National Security Council and bodies thereof; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. HOYER , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. RASKIN ): H.R. 794. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to reauthorize and improve the operation of the Election Assistance Commission, to provide funds to States to make security upgrades to voter registration lists and processes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. PETERS , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. POLIS, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. BEYER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. B LUM, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. BUCSHON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. HIMES, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Ms. BROWNLEY of California): H.R. 795. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employerprovided educational assistance to employer payments of qualified education loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 796. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish a uniform 5year postemployment ban on the lobbying of any officer or employee of the executive branch or any Member, officer, or employee of Congress by former executive branch officials and former Members, officers, and employees of Congress, to establish a lifetime postemployment ban on lobbying on behalf of foreign governments by former senior executive branch officials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N 
OFPUERTO  RICO: H.R. 797. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to remove the matching requirement for a territory to use specially allocated Federal funds for Medicare covered part D drugs for lowincome individuals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N 
OFPUERTO  RICO: H.R. 798. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide equitable treatment for residents of Puerto Rico with respect to the refundable portion of the child tax credit and to provide the same treatment to families in Puerto Rico with one child or two children that is currently provided to island families with three or more children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HILL (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mrs. LOVE): H.R. 799. A bill to authorize the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Education, to establish a pilot program to make grants to historically Black colleges and universities to provide educational programs to offenders who have recently been, or will soon be, released from incarceration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 800. A bill to establish the Office of Rural Broadband Initiatives within the Department of Agriculture, to preserve open internet requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAHOOD (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. KINZINGER ): H.R. 801. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 802. A bill to prohibit Senegal from receiving certain forms of development assistance for a twoyear period and make available such assistance to Rwanda and Uganda, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 803. A bill to direct the United States Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Glendale, New York; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for herself, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B EYER , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M ENG, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. SCHRADER , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. FOSTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. KIND, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. CUELLAR , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. NADLER , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SOTO, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. POLIS, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. E VANS , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. SWALWELL of California): H.R. 804. A bill to amend the National Security Act of 1947 to protect the National Security Council from political interference, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. VALADAO ): H.R. 805. A bill to authorize the conveyance of and remove the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. FLORES, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. MCCARTHY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. SCALISE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. LONG, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. BURGESS , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Mr. BABIN): H.R. 806. A bill to facilitate efficient State implementation of groundlevel ozone standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. MEEHAN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. CICILLINE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. BARLETTA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. FOSTER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. HECK, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. MARINO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. POLIQUIN ): H.R. 807. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. LANCE , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. L AMBORN ): H.R. 808. A bill to impose nonnuclear sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Intelligence (Permanent Select), and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 809. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions of serviceconnection relating to the exposure to herbicides of certain veterans who served in the Armed Forces during the Vietnam Era, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 810. A bill to increase public safety by punishing and deterring firearms trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): H.R. 811. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat obligations financing professional sports stadiums as private activity bonds if such obligations meet the private business use test; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S MITH 
of Washington, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. CONYERS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C LAY, and Mr. SOTO): H.R. 812. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Simeon Booker in recognition of his achievements in the field of journalism, including reporting during the Civil Rights movement, as well as social and political commentary; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Ms. ROYBALALLARD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. V ELA, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. HIMES, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. PETERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MOORE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. RUSH, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. DELANEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B ERA, Mr. KENNEDY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. KIND, and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 813. A bill to restore access to year round Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 814. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify that the estate of a deceased veteran may receive certain accrued benefits upon the death of the veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 815. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. WESTERMAN , and Mr. L AMBORN ): H.J. Res. 56. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Site Security‘‘; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROKITA: H.J. Res. 57. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.J. Res. 58. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. TIPTON , and Mr. ADERHOLT ): H.J. Res. 59. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Accidental Release Prevention Requirements: Risk Management Programs under the Clean Air Act‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MOORE , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. CLAY, and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H. Con. Res. 16. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that a commemorative postage stamp should be issued in honor of the Buffalo Soldiers; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. EVANS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MOORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. RUSH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H. Con. Res. 17. Concurrent resolution honoring and praising the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People on the occasion of its 108th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Mr. DEUTCH ): H. Con. Res. 18. Concurrent resolution permitting the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. HECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. MENG, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. ROSEN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. TONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. VELA, Mr. S OTO, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. KILMER , Mr. K EATING , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. DELBENE, and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H. Res. 78. A resolution reiterating the indisputable fact that the Nazi regime targeted the Jewish people in its perpetration of the Holocaust and calling on every entity in the executive branch to affirm that fact; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. EVANS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MOORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. RUSH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H. Res. 79. A resolution recognizing the significance of Black History Month; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and Mr. SMITH of Washington): H. Res. 80. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Armed Services in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. WALDEN: H. Res. 81. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 781. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The First Amendment guarantees both free speech and the free exercise of religion. The Free Speech Fairness Act restores these fundamental liberties to churches and nonprofits. By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 782. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LOBIONDO: H.R. 783. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Section 8 or Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 784. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section VIII. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 785. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This act erases the forceddues clauses in the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) and Railway Labor Act (RLA). As such, this bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YARMUTH: H.R. 786. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4 By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 789. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 792. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: As described in Article I, Section 1, ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This proposal is introduced pursuant to Article I. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of, and the sixteenth Amendment to, the United States Constitution. By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 (Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member). By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 798. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. HILL: H.R. 799. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office thereof. By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States. . .’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 802. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 803. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 804. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact the Protect the National Security Council from Political Interference Act of 2017 pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. The Necessary and Proper Clause supports the expansion of congressional authority beyond the explicit authorities that are directly discernible from the text. Additionally, the Preamble to the Constitution provides support of the authority to enact legislation to promote the General Welfare. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 805. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 806. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 807. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—to provide for the general welfare Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—necessary and proper clause By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 808. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 809. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 810. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . regulate commerce . . . among the several states. . .’’ By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 811. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following:. Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 812. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ: H.R. 813. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 814. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 815. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.J. Res. 56. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. ROKITA: H.J. Res. 57. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.J. Res. 58. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MULLIN: H.J. Res. 59. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 44: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 60: Mr. TAYLOR , Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico, and Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 82: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 113: Mr. KILMER , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S IRES, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 122: Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. MOORE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. JEFFRIES , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 125: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 149: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. NORTON , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 151: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 159: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 169: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 174: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 202: Ms. MENG. H.R. 233: Mr. COOK. H.R. 241: Mr. BYRNE and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 244: Mr. CARTER of Georgia and Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 245: Ms. GABBARD and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 246: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. B UDD, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. HUNTER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 257: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 300: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 334: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 354: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 361: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 365: Mr. TIPTON and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 371: Ms. ESHOO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 391: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 392: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PERRY , Mr. T EDLIEU of California; Mr. CRAMER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. COSTA , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 394: Mr. HUIZENGA , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. LONG, and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 422: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 488: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 490: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 504: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. JONES . H.R. 512: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 520: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 523: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 532: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. RASKIN , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 559: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 604: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, Mrs. BLACK , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 625: Mr. VELA. H.R. 628: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 632: Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 637: Mr. BUDD, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 643: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 644: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 660: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 673: Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 681: Mr. SMITH of Missouri and Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 683: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 696: Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 721: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 722: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. EVANS . H.R. 739: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 743: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 747: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 749: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 771: Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. RUSH, and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 772: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.J. Res. 6: Mr. ZELDIN and Mr. M AST. H.J. Res. 17: Mr. COMER , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. BARR. H.J. Res. 19: Mr. POLIS and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.J. Res, 27: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Mr. ALLEN . H.J. Res. 36: Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. BIGGS, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B RAT, Mr. ROTHFUS , and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.J. Res. 38: Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. WOODALL , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.J. Res. 43: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. E MMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. BOST, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. B UDD, Mr. A MASH , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsyl vania. H.J. Res. 44: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.J. Res. 46: Mr. CRAMER . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. BEYER and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Con. Res. 5: Ms. LEE. H. Res. 23: Mr. POCAN and Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 28: Mr. REED, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. MEEHAN , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H. Res. 31: Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. NORTON , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H. Res. 35: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H. Res. 38: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. YOHO, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D AVIDSON , and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H. Res. 61: Mr. ELLISON . H. Res. 72: Mr. KINGof New York. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S541 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2017 No. 17 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by 