Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brigadier General Patrick D. Frank, who is currently serving as the acting senior commander of the 1st Infantry Division in Fort Riley, but departing soon for a new post after serving in this capacity since October 2016. Brigadier General Frank was the first to welcome me as a new Member of Congress, and he and his wife, Jennifer, have always served as great ambassadors for the Big Red One. Thank you to the general and Jennifer for always making me, as well as my staff, feel so very welcome at Fort Riley. Brigadier General Frank has received numerous awards and served in multiple theaters, some of which include Operation Desert Storm, Operation Uphold Democracy in Haiti, and Operation Freedom’s Sentinel. We commend him for his service to our Nation and wish him and Jennifer the best of luck and much success in his next post as deputy commander general of the Army Cadet Command at Fort Knox, Kentucky. He and Jennifer will certainly be missed at Fort Riley and in Kansas. ENFORCING TRADE AGREEMENTS  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Trump administration for their recent work on enforcement of trade agreements. Kansas is an exportdependent State. We supply food, feed, aircraft, and parts to countries all over the world. As I have traveled the State over the past 6 months, I have heard repeatedly that we must find ways to open new markets for United States producers, including Kansans. The good news is that this administration is focused on doing just that: opening new markets. The announcement that U.S. beef will be allowed back in China is a tremendous example. China is a $2.5 billion beef market, which the U.S. has been unfairly shut out of for 13 years. This bilateral success shows how serious the U.S. is about holding other countries accountable and that our negotiators are working on behalf of U.S. producers. Recent confirmation that the U.S. is continuing World Trade Organization cases against China’s import barriers for wheat, corn, and rice is also welcome news for United States farmers. China has flagrantly violated their WTO commitments, costing U.S. producers billions in lost farm income as China put up import barriers and stockpiled surplus grains that are weighing on world markets. Our global rulesbased trading system has brought tremendous benefits to American businesses, farmers, workers, and consumers. As global commerce has expanded, we have found that, when there is a free and level playing field, American producers can match any competitor. f 
CONGRATULATING LAUREN EMERSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Lauren Emerson from Rapides High School for being recognized as one of the top 20 ag teachers in the Nation by the National Association of Agricultural Educators. Lauren’s students come into her classroom with a strong background in agriculture, and she provides handson lessons that provoke meaningful connections between the curriculum and their work at home to help take their learning to the next level. Her students can earn industry certifications and dual credit by enrolling in her agricultural courses. She helps develop her students’ leadership skills through the National FFA Organization, skills they need to move forward with higher levels of education, postgraduate education, and just for life. To borrow from the FFA creed, I, too, believe in the future of agriculture because of educators like Lauren Emerson who are leading the next generation of agriculturalists. The Fifth District is proud to recognize Ms. Emerson for all she is doing for her ag students. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, thank You for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing of strength and perseverance that each Member might best serve their constituents and our entire Nation. The debates and issues that dominate the legislative landscape, as always, are contentious and challenging. Many Americans are anxious to know what will come to pass. Bless the Members of Congress with wisdom, equanimity, and good will as they struggle to find solutions that might unite rather than further divide our Nation. We know this is a lot to ask, but grant also to all Americans increased faith and hope, virtues most in need in these difficult days, that their Representatives might faithfully perform their appointed tasks. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL HOMEOWNERSHIP MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, June is National Homeownership Month, and it is a time when we celebrate and recognize the many benefits of owning a home. For generations of Americans, owning a home has been an essential element in achieving the American Dream. But since the Great Recession, we have seen homeownership rates drop to historic lows. Young families often find themselves unable to save for a downpayment or to gain access to adequate credit. This is especially true for those in rural areas. The United States Department of Agriculture places emphasis on helping rural Americans buy homes. USDA provides mortgage loan guarantees through partnerships with private sector lenders to help low to moderateincome rural home buyers. In 2016 alone, USDA worked with nearly 1,500 lenders to help 116,000 rural individuals and families buy homes. USDA has helped more than 4.1 million rural residents buy a home since the National Housing Act was passed 68 years ago. Mr. Speaker, the benefits of homeownership have widespread benefits. Homeownership fortifies communities, creates jobs, and strengthens the local businesses that support our towns. Thank you to USDA for your commitment to providing affordable housing for rural Americans. Happy National Homeownership Month. f 
CELEBRATING LGBT EQUALITY DAY (Ms. DELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate LGBT Equality Day. Today, we mark the anniversary of landmark victories at the Supreme Court that moved our country toward one that is more fair, more equal, and more inclusive of all Americans, and we are a better, stronger Nation for it. Each year, on June 26, we commemorate the decriminalization of loving LGBT couples, in overturning of the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act, and now marriage equality in all 50 States. But even as we celebrate this incredible progress, we must never forget the work that remains. The LGBT community continues to face staggering rates of harassment and discrimination for who they are and who they love. I invite all my colleagues to stand with me on the right side of history. America is ready to take the next step forward. So today, let’s recommit to breaking down the barriers that remain in fulfilling the American promise of liberty and justice for all. 
THE SUPREME COURT CAN SAVE US (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, why run for Congress when a single Federal judge can write a new law without having to get any votes for it? Another Federal court recently decided that President Trump cannot set immigration policy, despite his having the clear authority to do so. It is hard to believe this is happening in the United States of America where judges are supposed to interpret the law, not engage in partisan politics. Our last hope now is with the Supreme Court. Surely they will remind other courts that their ruling should rest on the plain meaning of statutes, not on their personal views of the President. That some judges ignore precedent and the Constitution is a clear and present danger to our democracy. If the Supreme Court does not strongly affirm that President Trump has the same rights as other Presidents, we will be witnessing the slow unraveling of our democratic form of government. Based on their preliminary actions today, though, let us have confidence that the Supreme Court has the collective wisdom to guard and guide our great Nation. f 
HONORING TEJ MAAN, YUBA CITY CITY COUNCIL (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tej Maan, an upstanding citizen and council member in my district. Mr. Maan has been the director of environmental health in Yuba County since 1998, where he has created vital safeguards to protect the environmental health and wellbeing of the Yuba County community. Additionally, Mr. Maan is a member of the Punjabi American Heritage Society, the California Conference of Directors of Environmental Health, and the Yuba City Chamber of Commerce. He is the host of a local television show called ‘‘Punjabi Waves,’’ which features discussions and indepth interviews on current events and issues in the Punjabi community. Mr. Maan is also the founder of the first Sikh school in the United States, which is located in Yuba City. Tej’s love for America and his selfless dedication to his community have made him a wellrespected and treasured member of the Yuba City region. I offer my utmost appreciation and gratitude for Tej Maan’s many contributions to society. 
HIGHLIGHTING IMPORTANCE OF SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS PROGRAM (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the importance of 
the Secure Rural Schools program. In over 700 counties and 41 States, timber was once an economic engine, supporting tens of thousands of jobs while keeping critical government operations going strong in these communities that house taxexempt Federal land. However, in recent decades, restrictive forest management regulations, combined with devastating partisan environmental campaigns, has resulted in access to our Federal forests being cut off, blocking any economic activity opportunities. Rural counties do not want to come to Congress every year to beg for money they should be getting to generate in their own backyards anyway. Money that should come from Federal and State land, though it may take up most of their county, now generates no economic value for them. Reauthorizing Secure Rural Schools is very important and will provide, though not a permanent solution, at least a temporary one until we get back to the wise management of our Federal lands instead of watching them burn each fall, as we see in the news. We can’t sit back and watch rural communities suffer until we wake up to that reality. As Congress works to implement commonsense forest management policies, it is imperative we keep the Secure Rural Schools program in place so rural communities will have the funding for schools and roads that they need. 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. CHENEY ) at 5 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2547. This bill is another of our efforts to help tackle the longstanding commercial driver shortage and support veterans at the same time as they transition from military to civilian life. H.R. 2547 will ensure that all qualified medical professionals employed by the Veterans Administration can perform commercial driver physical examinations for their veteran patients. The medical professionals that this bill addresses are already eligible to become certified medical examiners. This bill simply allows them to utilize the alternative certification process for VAemployed physicians that is currently being finalized by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. Unfortunately, the most recent available data shows that, of the 54,000 medical professionals listed on FMCSA’s national registry of certified medical examiners, only 25 are employed by the VA. The online training and testing system being developed by FMCSA and the VA should help remedy this situation. This bill will allow more caregivers to use this new resource. This bill is consistent with the intent of the FAST Act, which was the product of a strong bipartisan process here in the House of Representatives. FMCSA, in consultation with the VA, 
has done a good job creating an alternative process that will eventually allow more VA doctors to become certified medical examiners, while maintaining the safety and integrity of the certification system. Allowing VA medical professionals to utilize online training and testing will make it easier for them to obtain certification, while ensuring they are familiar with the specific medical standards required for commercial drivers. Though the FAST Act used the word ‘‘physicians,’’ the process that FMCSA has outlined should also be available for use by VAemployed nurse practitioners, chiropractors, physician assistants, and other qualified medical professionals. This bill ensures that they are eligible to use that process. Madam Speaker, I support this legislation and strongly urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding me the time, and I want to thank him for his leadership. Madam Speaker, the amendment that you mentioned, the bill as amended, was actually an amendment from the chairman to perfect the bill. I want to thank the ranking member for her support on the committee, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) for her work on the amendment. Madam Speaker, I wish more high schoolers were in the Capitol today, I wish there were more American Government students in the Capitol today, because this amendment is exactly the way that the American people expect the process to work. As the ranking member pointed out, we made a great step in the FAST Act to try to put more veterans to work, to try to fill more empty spots in commercial truck driving. We did a great job together in a bipartisan way. A lot of folks do a job, and then they are embarrassed to admit that they didn’t get it done 100 percent. We have had folks come into our offices who said: Listen, you have made a great step to help our veterans access these certifications, but you could do more, and let us tell you how. As the ranking member pointed out, as the chairman pointed out, before the FMCSA has even finished the original regulations, we are back at work perfecting this, adding more healthcare providers to the rolls so that more veterans can get to work faster—not because we are particularly brilliant folks up here, but because folks who do this every single day as a job back home noticed it, told us how we could do it better, and then we created the partnerships up here to make it happen. Madam Speaker, it makes me so proud to be associated with folks like the chairman, like the ranking member, the Transportation Committee in general, showing up every single day to see what we can do to make a difference. It is not a difference for 300 million Americans at the time, but if you were that one veteran who is trying to feed your family, who is trying to get your certification, who is trying to get yourself back to work, this bill could make all the difference; this amendment could make all the difference. I am grateful to the entire committee team of members and team of staff for making that possible. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Seldom do we get to do two good things at one time, and that is exactly what this bill does. Anything we can do for our veterans is not enough. This bill focuses on them. Remember, they have been in the armed services driving trucks. When they come home, they probably have had the best training in the entire universe. Our country will gain much not only by putting them to work, but by using their training. On our committee, we have long struggled with an issue that we still have not, indeed, conquered, and that is the difficulty of getting people to drive commercial trucks. This is one of the hardest jobs in America. You are spending time away from your family. You sometimes are gone not only overnight, but more than that. It has been difficult to get people to do this indispensable job for our country and for the trucking industry. Madam Speaker, I am particularly pleased that Mr. GRAVES and I have been able to find this new way to both aid the industry and help out veterans. Madam Speaker, I do not have any more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, with that, I would urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2547, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DISASTER ASSISTANCE SUPPORT FOR COMMUNITIES AND HOMEOWNERS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1684) to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to provide technical assistance to common interest communities regarding eligibility for disaster assistance, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1684 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Disaster Assistance Support for Communities and Homeowners Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1684, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, the Disaster Assistance Support for Communities and Homeowners Act of 2017 would allow FEMA to provide technical assistance to some community associations regarding their application for disaster assistance. The bill also seeks recommendations from FEMA on how condos and coops may be eligible for disaster funds to repair common areas which are affected by these disasters. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER) for working with the committee on this issue. The House passed similar language last year as part of the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1684, the Disaster Assistance Support for Communities and Homeowners Act of 2017, introduced by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), my good friend and colleague. This bill will assist common interest communities such as condos, coops, and community associations after disaster strikes. Hurricane Sandy caused severe impacts to New York City and the surrounding areas, inflicting billions of dollars of damage. While condominiums and cooperative associations are not common in large parts of the country, they are common in dense areas such as New York City and Washington, D.C. FEMA’s Individual Assistance Program does not consider these types of housing units which share common areas such as entryways, stairwells, and elevators. As a result, FEMA determined that disaster damage to common areas is the responsibility of the condominium or cooperative association board and, therefore, not eligible for disaster assistance. That cannot be what Congress intended. The bill also addresses another type of housing common in certain parts of the Nation: community associations. Community associations provide essential services of a governmental nature such as trash collection and maintaining roads and waterways. After disaster strikes, however, FEMA may deny reimbursement to community associations for performing the same types of essential services that FEMA reimburses local governments for performing. b1715 In many cases, these common interest communities may have been eligible for FEMA assistance if they had entered into agreements with their local governments before the disaster occurred. Unfortunately, many common interest communities are not aware of these opportunities. This bill directs FEMA to provide technical assistance so that these common interest communities know what actions they can take before disaster strikes so that they may be eligible to receive reimbursement from FEMA after the fact. I strongly support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), the author of the bill. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. In the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, thousands of New Yorkers and other Americans learned that they were ineligible for FEMA assistance because of the type of home in which they lived. Families who lived in condos were eligible for assistance for their individual units, but could not get any assistance to repair ground floor entryways, boilers, or other common areas. Those who lived in cooperative housing, or coops, were ineligible for any disaster assistance to repair the walls or floors of their units, let alone their common areas. This was not a small problem for my constituents. In the storm surge area in New York, nearly 20 percent of housing units are in coop buildings and an additional 8 percent are in condominiums. Seniors in highrise condo buildings were able to get assistance to repair their floors and repaint their floors, but nothing to fix the elevators they needed to reach their units. Families in coops could replace their furnishings and make some repairs, but the halls of the buildings remained covered with mold and uninhabitable. Almost every district in the country has condos, and homeowners in these condo communities will continue to face the same terrible realization that FEMA can give them no help in the wake of new disasters. Community associations, or common interest communities, around the country have experienced similar roadblocks when they seek FEMA disaster assistance. Many of these associations own and operate their own roads, canals, bridges, and water systems. In the aftermath of a disaster, however, they are not eligible for FEMA assistance for basic essential government services, such as removing trees and debris from communal roads. Residents cannot get out of their neighborhoods and emergency vehicles cannot get in. This bill would address these eligibility problems in two ways: First, it would direct FEMA to provide common interest communities with technical assistance to identify options for public assistance eligibility. Many of these communities are unaware that they could already be eligible for assistance if, prior to a disaster, they entered into agreements with their local governments on issues like debris removal. Second, my colleagues and I have communicated several times with FEMA about the issue of condo and co op eligibility for disaster assistance. FEMA has studied this issue for several years, and this bill directs FEMA to take the next step in this process by providing the House and Senate committees legislative proposals to address these issues and to make condos and coops eligible for disaster assistance. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIOfor bringing this bipartisan legislation to the floor today, and I thank Mr. SANFORD and Mr. E NGEL for cosponsoring it. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, my good friend is from New York, so it may be clear why he, with a city full of condominiums and coops, would want this bill. But I just want to alert Congress that increasingly what Mr. NADLER sees in New York is what we are seeing all over the country. After Hurricane Sandy, with climate change already here, we have to do all we can before the fact, having seen what that disaster did to New York City, New Jersey, and the surrounding community. When people have gone through a disaster, they have suffered enough. So to find that your resident is covered, but your way to get in the residence or in the elevator is certainly not what Congress intended. My own jurisdiction, the District of Columbia, was built with single family homes, but that is not what we are building in the District of Columbia and cities and counties throughout the United States now. In our own city, there is a limited area. There is no way to go but up. Mr. NADLER speaks not only for New York City, but his bill speaks for what is happening in the United States of America. I think we may have caught this problem just in time. We do not know when the next disaster will occur. We don’t want to be caught flat footed on it. I very much appreciate that my good friends have worked with us to bring this bill forward. Madam Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to please support H.R. 1684, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, after Hurricane Sandy, thousands of homeowners throughout the New York region learned that they were ineligible for federal disaster assistance because they lived in a coop or a condo; not in a single family home. According to the FEMA’s policy, coops and condo associations are ‘‘business entities’’— not eligible for federal assistance that can reach up to $30,000 per household. As a result, community associations are often faced with the daunting task of cleaning up and rebuilding after a major natural disaster—without the help or resources that other homeowners receive from the federal government. To help bring fairness to the federal disaster relief process, my colleague JERRY NADLER  and I introduced H.R. 1684, the Disaster Assistance Support for Communities and Homeowners Act. Our bill directs FEMA to provide technical assistance to help community associations qualify for disaster assistance grants. It also directs FEMA to provide recommendations to Congress, within 12 months, on additional ways that coops and condos can become eligible for assistance. I encourage swift passage of H.R. 1684 to help ensure that all community association 
homeowners have access to federal disaster benefits. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1684, the Disaster Assistance Support for Communities and Homeowners Act of 2017. This bill directs the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to provide technical assistance to Common Interest Communities to ensure they are eligible to apply for public assistance. H.R. 1684 also instructs FEMA to provide legislative proposals to Congress in order to make condominiums and housing cooperatives eligible for disaster assistance in the future. Madam Speaker, H.R. 1684 addresses an outstanding issue many Americans face in the aftermath of natural disasters because they are ineligible for FEMA assistance based on the type of home they live in. The glaring discrepancy and inequity in FEMA’s policy were revealed as communities struggled to recover and rebuild from the ravaging effects of Hurricane Sandy in 2012. In addition to causing the deaths of 72 U.S. citizens, Hurricane Sandy was the second costliest hurricane in United States history, destroying 651,000 housing units in New York and New Jersey and exacting a staggering $19 billion in damages for New York City alone. However, due to FEMA’s unfair policy towards community associations, thousands of New Yorkers found themselves ineligible for federal recovery assistance needed to repair their homes because under current federal law, condominiums, housing cooperatives, and homeowners associations are classified as businesses. H.R. 1684 corrects this unfairness by authorizing FEMA to provide direct disaster relief to these communities in the form of technical assistance and monetary reimbursements. Further, the legislation directs FEMA to submit to Congress within 90 days of enactment a plan to make common areas of condos and coops eligible for disaster assistance. Madam Speaker, this legislation is particularly beneficial to my congressional district since Houston ranks among the most disaster prone cities in the country. Many of my constituents can recall with horror the devastating effects of Hurricane Ike in 2008, which killed 37 people and destroyed 100,000 homes in Texas. Over the course of this massive natural disaster, FEMA played a vital role in responding to the needs of impacted areas and victims. Unfortunately, FEMA’s response to Hurricane Ike was also beset by a lack of clear communication between appointed officials and regional emergency managers on the ground. Improving federal policy for disaster relief is a bipartisan issue and H.R. 1684 is endorsed by the Community Associations Institute, a leading membership organization with more than 34,000 members and 70 chapters nationwide. Madam Speaker, legislation like H.R. 1684 is crucial to ensuring that all Americans receive the relief and assistance they deserve in the wake of natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy that destroy lives and leave local economies in tatters. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1684. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1684, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ACTIVE DUTY VOLUNTARY ACQUISITION OF NECESSARY CREDENTIALS FOR EMPLOYMENT ACT Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2258) to require that certain standards for commercial driver’s licenses applicable to former members of the armed services or reserves also apply to current members of the armed services or reserves, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2258 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Active Duty Voluntary Acquisition of Necessary Credentials for Employment Act’’ or the ‘‘ADVANCE Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2258. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act, authorized the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to exempt veterans from certain requirements in order to obtain a commercial driver’s license if they had qualified experience while serving in the armed services or Reserve components. H.R. 2258 would extend this exemption to individuals who are currently serving in either the armed services or Reserve components. This is a bipartisan bill that will help current members of the armed services or Reserve components find employment in the private sector. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2258, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2258, as amended, which will allow current servicemembers who have military experience operating commercial motor vehicles to more easily obtain a commercial driver’s license. In 2015, Congress included a provision in the FAST Act to allow States to waive the written CDL knowledge test for drivers with military commercial motor vehicle driving experience, but it restricts the waiver to former members of the military. There are a significant number of current reservists and members of the National Guard with military commercial motor vehicle experience who could benefit from the waiver. This legislation allows them to more easily use the skills they learned serving our country to earn a decent wage and feed their families. These servicemen and servicewomen receive from the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, or FMCSA, what they describe as thorough and comprehensive training, including many hours of behindthewheel training—something that we have long advocated for as a requirement for civilian drivers. There is a shortage of commercial truck drivers, and these well trained military drivers are exactly the type of individuals that we would want to help enter the trucking profession. Using its existing exemption authority, FMCSA has already taken action to make current servicemembers eligible for the knowledge test waiver on a temporary basis. Last October, FMCSA issued an exemption that allows States to waive the CDL knowledge test for trained military truck drivers, whether they are current members of the military or veterans. FMCSA cited the fact that training these drivers receive in the military includes ‘‘many hours of classroom training, practical skills training, and on theroad training that are essential for safe driving.’’ However, FMCSA’s temporary exemption expires in October 2018. This bill would make permanent the ability for current members of the military to utilize the FAST Act waiver. Madam Speaker, I strongly support this legislation, and I urge its adoption. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ), my good friend. Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Active Duty Voluntary Acquisition of Necessary Credentials for Employment Act, or the ADVANCE Act. The ADVANCE Act will allow Active Duty servicemembers, reservists, and National Guardsmen the same unique testing standards for commercial driver’s licenses granted to veterans by the latest surface transportation bill, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, the FAST Act. The FAST Act allows veterans with qualifying experience to be exempt from State knowledgebased tests when obtaining commercial driver’s licenses. The ADVANCE Act would extend this exemption to Active Duty servicemembers, reservists, and National Guardsmen. I introduced the ADVANCE Act to ensure that Active Duty servicemembers and reservists have access to the same benefits as veterans, helping to smooth their transition from military to civilian life. We owe it to our brave men and women to help them find work here at home. This bipartisan bill is a commonsense measure that will create opportunities for servicemembers to find work in their communities by simplifying how they translate the driving skills they learned in the military to American jobs across this country. According to the Department of Transportation, the ADVANCE Act can help nearly 75,000 Active Duty, Reserves, and National Guardsmen throughout the United States. This legislation comes at a critical time. According to the American Trucking Associations, there is an estimated 40,000 truck driver shortage nationally. The American Trucking Associations has endorsed the ADVANCE Act because it will help put servicemembers back to work here at home and it will allow us to close a troubling skills gap in our local communities. The ADVANCE Act has also been endorsed by the Association of the United States Navy and The Retired Enlisted Association. It was unanimously passed out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and has strong bipartisan support. Additionally, Senators Cornyn and Warren have introduced a bipartisan companion bill in the Senate. I urge my colleagues to join me today and support this bill so we can make this commonsense change to ensure that all current and former members of the military with specialized training can more easily access the licenses they need to get goodpaying jobs as they transition to civilian life. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. AGUILAR , who is the author of this bill, for his work in filling this hole so that members of the National Guard and reservists, indeed, are more easily able to obtain a commercial driver’s license based on exactly the kind of training that the armed services gives. It is certainly true that we have had trouble in committee getting onthe job training as a requirement. b1730 Here, we have people who get onthe job training, and onthejob training of just the kind that our country needs, because of the shortage Mr. AGUILAR  spoke of in commercial drivers, a very difficult job that necessitates long hours, often away from one’s own home and family. Madam Speaker, I regard this bill as a twin of the very first bill that we passed, the VA bill that allows the Veterans Administration to offer physical examinations, when we were alerted that there were only 25 physicians there who could do that. So this is a good pairing of bills that our country needs because of the shortage of commercial drivers, and that we owe our veterans and those who serve, even now, in our services. I am particularly pleased that this is a jobs bill. It seems to me that it is clear that when we enable more and more people to drive commercial trucks, we are increasing the supply of jobs available in our country. These are highpaying jobs for good reason, because they are difficult jobs, so I think this bill and our first bill are bills that the bipartisan House today can take special pride in. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, with that, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GRAVES of Missouri) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2258, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. COAST GUARD IMPROVEMENT AND REFORM ACT OF 2017 Mr. HUNTER. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1726) to amend title 14, United States Code, to improve the organization of such title and to incorporate certain transfers and modifications into such title, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1726 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Part I of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning and inserting the following: 
3 Department in which the Coast Guard operates 103 
52 Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade 307 
53 Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Director 309 
58 Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response 313 
336 United States Coast Guard Band; composition; director 317 
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES  ‘‘521. Saving life and property. ‘‘522. Law enforcement. ‘‘523. Enforcement authority. ‘‘524. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws. ‘‘525. Special agents of the Coast Guard Investigative Service law enforcement authority. ‘‘526. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel. ‘‘527. Safety of naval vessels. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —AIDS TO NAVIGATION  ‘‘541. Aids to navigation authorized. ‘‘542. Unauthorized aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘543. Interference with aids to navigation; penalty. ‘‘544. Aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘545. Marking of obstructions. ‘‘546. Deposit of damage payments. ‘‘547. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to navigation. ‘‘
632 Functions and powers vested in the Commandant 505 
520 Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care 506 
95 Special agents of the Coast Guard Investigative Service law enforcement authority 525 
637 Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel 526 
81 Aids to navigation authorized 541 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
643 Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to navigation 547 
141 Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions 701 
144 Department of the Army and Department of the Air Force 704 
149 Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities 710 
150 Coast Guard officers as attache´s to missions 711 
151 Contracts with Governmentowned establishments for work and material 712 
152 Nonappropriated fund instrumentalities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services 713 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
639 Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘‘Coast Guard’’ 934 
640 Coast Guard band recordings for commercial sale 935 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
645 Confidentiality of medical quality assurance records; qualified immunity for participants 936 
647 Claims for damage to property of the United States 938 
654 Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services 942 
668 Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: alternative delivery of health care 948 
673 Designation, powers, and accountability of deputy disbursing officials 950 
PROCESS AND PROCEDURES  ‘‘1131. Identification of major system acquisitions. ‘‘1132. Acquisition. ‘‘1133. Preliminary development and demonstration. ‘‘1134. Acquisition, production, deployment, and support. ‘‘1135. Acquisition program baseline breach. ‘‘1136. Acquisition approval authority. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PROCUREMENT  ‘‘1151. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1152. Advance procurement funding. ‘‘1153. Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1154. Procurement of buoy chain. ‘‘
578 Role of Vice Commandant in major acquisition programs 1103 
563 Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition 1104 
564 Prohibition on use of lead systems integrators 1105 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
665 Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards 1151 
96 Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards 1153 
200 Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence 1902 
196 Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants 1904 
195 Admission of foreign nationals for instruction; restrictions; conditions 1923 
197 Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation 1930 
187 Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition 1942 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
191 Credit for service as member of civilian teaching staff 1946 
42 Number and distribution of commissioned officers on active duty promotion list 2103 
253 Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board 2108 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
255 Number of officers to be selected for promotion 2110 
257 Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion 2113 
258 Selection boards; information to be furnished boards 2115 
272 Removal of officer from list of selectees for promotion 2122 
276 Promotion of officers not included on active duty promotion list 2126 
331 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2127 
332 Recall to active duty with consent of officer 2128 
281 Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service 2141 
282 Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selection for promotion 2142 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
283 Regular lieutenants; separation for failure of selection for promotion; continuation 2143 
284 Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments 2144 
285 Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retirement for failure of selection for promotion 2145 
286 Discharge in lieu of retirement; separation pay 2146 
287 Separation for failure of selection for promotion or continuation; time of 2148 
289 Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2150 
290 Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2151 
294 Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired 2155 
295 Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons 2156 
324 Composition of boards 2161 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
326 Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary 2163 
327 Officers considered for removal; retirement or discharge; separation benefits 2164 
333 Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty 2165 
357 Retirement of enlisted members: increase in retired pay 2307 
359 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2308 
360 Recall to active duty with consent of member 2309 
361 Relief of retired enlisted member promoted while on active duty 2310 
362 Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held 2311 
366 Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability 2313 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
369 Inclusion of certain conditions in enlistment contract 2315 
370 Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment 2316 
334 Grade on retirement 2501 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
424a Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution 2506 
425 Board for Correction of Military Records deadline 2507 
430 Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees 2511 
Part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
‘‘2702. Training. ‘‘2703. Contingent expenses. ‘‘2704. Equipment to prevent accidents. ‘‘2705. Clothing at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2706. Right to wear uniform. ‘‘2707. Protection of uniform. ‘‘2708. Clothing for officers and enlisted personnel. ‘‘2709. Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employees. ‘‘2710. Disposition of effects of decedents. ‘‘2711. Deserters; payment of expenses incident to apprehension and delivery; penalties. ‘‘2712. Payment for the apprehension of stragglers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —AWARDS  ‘‘2731. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations. ‘‘2732. Medal of honor. ‘‘2733. Medal of honor: duplicate medal. ‘‘2734. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag. ‘‘2735. Coast Guard cross. ‘‘2736. Distinguished service medal. ‘‘2737. Silver star medal. ‘‘2738. Distinguished flying cross. ‘‘2739. Coast Guard medal. ‘‘2740. Insignia for additional awards. ‘‘2741. Time limit on award; report concerning deed. ‘‘2742. Honorable subsequent service as condition to award. ‘‘2743. Posthumous awards. ‘‘2744. Lifesaving medals. ‘‘2745. Replacement of medals. ‘‘2746. Award of other medals. ‘‘2747. Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct. ‘‘2748. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement. ‘‘
482 Clothing at time of discharge for good of service 2705 
487 Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employees 2709 
508 Deserters; payment of expenses incident to apprehension and delivery; penalties 2711 
499 Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations 2731 
505 Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag 2734 
494 Insignia for additional awards 2740 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
496 Time limit on award; report concerning deed 2741 
497 Honorable subsequent service as condition to award 2742 
503 Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct 2747 
516 Presentation of United States flag upon retirement 2748 
509 Persons discharged as result of court martial; allowances to 2761 
511 Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations 2763 
512 Monetary allowance for transportation of household effects 2764 
513 Retroactive payment of pay and allowances delayed by administrative error or oversight 2765 
518 Reimbursement for medicalrelated travel expenses for certain persons residing on islands in the continental United States 2767 
519 Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing permanent change of station 2768 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
481 Payments at time of discharge for good of service 2776 
660 Transportation to and from certain places of employment 2779 
SUBCHAPTER II —COAST GUARD CHILD CARE  ‘‘2921. Definitions. ‘‘2922. Child development services. ‘‘2923. Child development center standards and inspections. ‘‘2924. Child development center employees. ‘‘2925. Parent partnerships with child development centers. ‘‘
542 Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses 2904 
475 Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing 2943 
680 Retired service members and dependents serving on advisory committees 2944 
SUBCHAPTER II —PERSONNEL  ‘‘3731. Definitions. ‘‘3732. Applicability of this subchapter. ‘‘3733. Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency. ‘‘3734. Effect of this subchapter on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘3735. Authorized number of officers. ‘‘3736. Precedence. ‘‘3737. Running mates. ‘‘3738. Constructive credit upon initial appointment. ‘‘3739. Promotion of Reserve officers on active duty. ‘‘3740. Promotion; recommendations of selection boards. ‘‘3741. Selection boards; appointment. ‘‘3742. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system. ‘‘3743. Eligibility for promotion. ‘‘3744. Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status. ‘‘3745. Qualifications for promotion. ‘‘3746. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘3747. Date of rank upon promotion; entitlement to pay. ‘‘3748. Type of promotion; temporary. ‘‘3749. Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate. ‘‘3750. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘3751. Failure of selection and removal from an active status. 
706 Temporary members of the Reserve; eligibility and compensation 3706 
707 Temporary members of the Reserve; disability or death benefits 3707 
708 Temporary members of the Reserve; certificate of honorable service 3708 
709 Reserve student aviation pilots; Reserve aviation pilots; appointments in commissioned grade 3709 
710 Appointment or wartime promotion; retention of grade upon release from active duty 3711 
712 Active duty for emergency augmentation of regular forces 3713 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
722 Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency 3733 
723 Effect of this subchapter on retirement and retired pay 3734 
728 Promotion of Reserve officers on active duty 3739 
731 Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system 3742 
733 Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status 3744 
736 Date of rank upon promotion; entitlement to pay 3747 
738 Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate 3749 
740 Failure of selection and removal from an active status 3751 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
741 Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of promotion 3752 
742 Maximum ages for retention in an active status 3753 
743 Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade 3754 
744 Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer 3755 
746 Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release 3757 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
832 Injury or death in line of duty 3913 
893 Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve 4103 
2704 Authorized levels of military strength and training 4904 
2901 Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request 5101 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision of title 14, United States Code, the reference shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES  ‘‘581. Regulation of anchorage and movement of vessels during national emergency. ‘‘582. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment. ‘‘583. Enforcement provisions. ‘‘584. Definitions.’’. 
Section 2705 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 27 of that title, are repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 1726. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. HUNTER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. After 68 years, H.R. 1726, the Coast Guard Improvement and Reform Act will reorganize and modernize title 14, Coast Guard, United States Code. Title I of the bill reorganizes existing sections of the code within the title to provide a more uniformed, logical structure. It makes no substantive changes to the reorganized sections. Title II includes amendments to title 14. The Coast Guard requested uniformity in how its advisory committees operate. Title II transfers the advisory committees to title 14 from title 46 and includes changes to ensure uniformity in committee operations. Title II also transfers sections in title 33 and 50, dealing with port safety into title 14, to colocate them with similar authorities. In 2002, port security provisions were similarly reorganized, and this follows that pattern. No substantive changes were made to those sections either. The transfer allows for better organization of the code and makes it easier for the public and the Congress to find the governing laws of the Coast Guard. Lastly, the title also amends the primary duties of the Coast Guard to clarify their defense readiness status, and it repeals an unused authority. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, H.R. 1726 is a noncontroversial bill to reorganize the Coast Guard’s permanent authorities under title 14 of the U.S. Code in order to improve the clarity and the coherence of the title. I would like to thank my assistant, and counsel, Dave Jansen, and John Rayfield, on the other side, for recognizing that there is confusion, and so this legislation, while it makes no substantive changes to the Coast Guard’s existing authorities and policies under title 14, does save for some conforming changes to create a new chapter for all of the Coast Guard national advisory councils and execute a handful of other minor transfers. It just simply ends a lot of confusion as people try to figure out where it is in the code that they must look. Accordingly, I am comfortable with supporting this legislation, although I do note that it will impose some additional administrative costs on the Coast Guard as they set about implementing it. I want to commend the chairman, Mr. HUNTER , for the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, for his initiative and for his staff’s initiative, in taking on this important little bit of housekeeping that is going to make all of our lives easier. I will certainly urge all of the Members to support it. I also appreciate Chairman HUNTER ’s work with me in an effort to try to 
solve another problem. This is only one piece of our effort to try to improve the maritime industry. While we are trying to move H.R. 1726 today, we have more work to do. And to that end, I look forward to working with Chairman HUNTER on bringing H.R. 2593 to the floor before the August recess, together with the full committee chairman, BILLSHUSTER ; and ranking Democrat, P ETER  DEFAZIO. H.R. 2593 deals with the Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017. This legislation would update and strengthen the Shipping Act to address the current upheaval in the global shipping markets that affect U.S. foreign trade. The formation of three large ocean carrier alliances has raised legitimate concerns among U.S. port service providers, maritime terminal operators, and tug operators. By virtue of the sheer size and volume of trade that these alliances carry, they will have a decided advantage in determining ports of call, negotiating contracts, and shifting costs, all at the expense, possibly, of our domestic port service providers. I know Chairman HUNTER shares my concerns, and neither of us are indifferent. We are going to have to deal with this, and that will be our next piece of legislation on the floor. The chairman is on top of it with his staff, and we look forward to that bill, H.R. 2593, being reported out of the Transportation Committee as it clarifies the Federal Maritime Commission’s authority to oversee and aggressively deal with competition. So what we have today is one of two pieces of legislation that we intend to move forward dealing with the overall wellbeing of the maritime industry. I highly recommend H.R. 1726 to the floor. It is noncontroversial and should pass. The other piece of legislation will be here shortly, and we will take that up at that time. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I would like to associate myself with the gentleman’s remarks and thank him for all of his hard work, and especially Dave Jansen and John Rayfield, the two Coast Guard savants of the staff on the Transportation Committee. Those are the gentlemen who did this, who really understand this code, and who made it better for future Congress and future staff, so they can actually see what is going on with the Coast Guard, and maybe the Coast Guard might understand what is going on with the Coast Guard a little bit better. I would like to reiterate that H.R. 1726 is a straightforward bill. It reorganizes title 14 and does not make any substantive changes. Madam Speaker, I urge Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1726. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from South Carolina, the Honorable Ralph Norman, be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. 
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERSELECT The SPEAKER. Will the Representativeselect please present themselves in the well. The Representativeselect will please raise their right hand. Mrs. HANDEL of Georgia, and Mr. NORMAN of South Carolina appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. You are now Members of the 115th Congress. 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE KAREN HANDEL TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to welcome the newest member of the Georgia congressional delegation, Representative KAREN HANDEL , serving the Sixth Congressional District in our beautiful State. I want to congratulate KAREN on becoming the first Republican woman ever elected to the House of Representatives from the State of Georgia. She was actually born in the District of Columbia, and was raised in Upper Marlboro, Maryland. So she is returning home. She was president and CEO of the Greater Fulton County Georgia Chamber of Commerce, Deputy Chief of Staff to thenGovernor and now Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, chairman of the Fulton County Board of Commissioners, and Secretary of State of Georgia. 
The Georgia delegation is Democrats and Republicans, but we are a family. We are trying to do our very best to serve the people in our district, in our State, and to work on behalf of the people of this great Nation. I welcome KAREN and her husband, Steve. If you should need my help, please feel free to call on me. I wish her well, and I look forward to serving with her. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), my friend and brother. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my joy today to be able to introduce the newest voice of the Georgia delegation, Congresswoman KAREN  HANDEL . I have known KAREN for many years. She is a selfmade woman with a very humble start, but a successful story. She and her husband, Steve, have a track record of service that is above none other. She has fought hard for the things that she believes in, much like us: balanced budgets, better jobs, and defending innocent lives. I know she will bring those same qualities that have made her such a great servant and leader here to Congress today. Now, if I know anything about KAREN , she is going to hit the ground running. So get ready. I am also glad to be able to join with Congressman LEWIS and to share with you that KAREN is making history tonight as being the first Republican Congresswoman to serve in either the House or the Senate from the State of Georgia. This is a proud moment for our State. So, KAREN , you are an inspiration. You are an inspiration to all the young women throughout Georgia and throughout the country, including my two daughters. I am pleased to welcome and to introduce to you Georgia’s newest voice, a fighter for the State of Georgia, Congresswoman KAREN HANDEL . Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. HANDEL ). Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, Congressman LEWIS, Congressman G RAVES , the entire Georgia delegation, to all of you, my new colleagues and soontobe very good friends, and to my family and friends in the gallery, I thank you. Now, I am not sure you have heard enough about this particular race. No, you really have. I am going to be very brief. This is an extraordinary honor and the greatest privilege that I think I have ever had. I look forward to serving the people of the Sixth District, to serving the people of Georgia, and to being a good coworker and friend to each and every one of you. Thank you for this opportunity. Thank you for welcoming me so graciously. God bless you, God bless the great State of Georgia, and God bless the great United States of America. WELCOMING THE HONORABLE RALPH NORMAN TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege, as dean of the South Carolina delegation, to introduce to this Chamber Representative RALPH NORMAN . Mr. NORMAN is from Rock Hill in York County, South Carolina. He is a real estate developer, a graduate of Presbyterian College, and previously served in the South Carolina Legislature. He and his wife, Elaine Rice Norman, have four children: Warren III, Caroline, Anne, and Mary Catherine. Last Tuesday, June 20, Mr. NORMAN  won the special election in South Carolina’s Fifth District to fill the vacancy created when former Congressman Mick Mulvaney became Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Now it is my pleasure to yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ), representing the Second Congressional District, for further introduction. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor tonight to be here with Congressman CLYBURN on a very extraordinary evening. To me, it is a dream come true. Eleven days ago, I had the opportunity—my wife, Roxanne, and I—to campaign across the Fifth Congressional District by bus. As we traveled the district with RALPH and Elaine NORMAN , I found out that his business background gives him the basis to understand how to create jobs. I saw his affection for our veterans and his understanding of the importance of a strong national defense. In particular, with Shaw Air Force Base in the district, he understands a strong national defense. It was so inspiring, also, to be with their four grown children who are each successful. And he has a real interest to be successful because he has 15 grandchildren. What an achievement. Members understand this is really important. For the past 7 years, I am really grateful that he has been a floor leader for Governor Nikki Haley, now our Ambassador to the United Nations, where he has been a floor leader for limited government and expanded freedom. It is with great honor I introduce to you Congressman RALPH NORMAN . Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ). Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, members of my South Carolina Congressional delegation, it is an honor to be here. Let me have my family and friends stand. It is South Carolina’s Brady Bunch. You all stand up there. It is a tremendous honor to serve with such an esteemed group. I think it is a special time in history. As Congressman LEWIS said, we are family. With the shooting of STEVE SCALISE , we know that we are all Americans. We have got such an opportunity, and I look forward to playing a part in working with Members to move this country forward. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. 
CELEBRATING CAMILLUS HOUSE (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize the Camillus House, an organization in my home city of Miami that works tirelessly on behalf of the homeless and those in need in south Florida. Since its creation in 1960, the Camillus House has operated with the belief that every person is precious and deserving of love, respect, and a chance to live a dignified life. Camillus has grown into an indispensable lifeline for the most vulnerable in our community. Camillus provides housing options, free meals, drug treatment, and a full range of medical treatment to the homeless and those with disabilities. 
For these individuals, the staff and the volunteers at Camillus House serve as a family, giving them the hope and support that they need in their difficult transition to a new selfsustaining life. Mr. Speaker, I thank Camillus’ staff and volunteers for their devotion to the desperate and voiceless in our midst. I encourage everyone in south Florida to visit camillus.org or to call 305– 374–1065 to learn how you can empower this organization to continue serving those in need in our community. 
CELEBRATING GROWING BONDS OF FRIENDSHIP BETWEEN INDIA AND UNITED STATES (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, Prime Minister Modi’s visit this week serves as an occasion to celebrate the growing bonds of friendship between India and the United States. India is a key partner for the United States and Asia. Both our economic and strategic posture in the region are strengthened by investing in the bilateral relationship between the world’s two largest democracies. India and the United States have pledged to collaborate on energy security, combating climate change, and growing the green economy—opportunities that will create jobs in both countries. This visit is an opportunity to celebrate the work our countries have accomplished and all that we can do together in the future. I am happy that we are continuing to build on this nearly 70yearold partnership and are laying the groundwork for an even stronger relationship in the decades to come. 
CONGRATULATING FOOD BANK OF SOUTHERN TIER, 2017’S FOOD BANK OF THE YEAR (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Food Bank of the Southern Tier in Broome County and Tioga County for being 2017’s Food Bank of the Year, nationally. Out of 200 locations across the country, the Food Bank of the Southern Tier was ranked number one. Last year, our food bank distributed more than 9 million meals throughout the southern tier. Over 40 percent of those meals were given to children and 14 percent to seniors. Through their work with mobile food pantries and the BackPack Program, the food bank has increased access to healthy food for all, distributing 2.2 million pounds of fresh produce to southern tier families. Today, I would like to thank President Natasha Thompson and the incredible volunteers who have worked tirelessly in their mission to build and sustain hungerfree communities. Your work has had a profound impact on ending hunger in our community. Thank you again for your dedicated service to the families of the southern tier. f 
CBO SCORE (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Budget Office has come out with their score—or, as we call it, cost—that was released today that further confirms the actions taken by the Senate Republicans are just as mean as the House Republicans. Protections for millions of Americans with preexisting conditions will be undermined; hardworking families will be expected to pay more for less coverage; and $772 billion will be cut from Medicaid, a safety net for millions of seniors in nursing homes, pregnant women, children, and people with disabilities. The Senate Republicans can change the name of the bill, but, as we now know, it is not fundamentally different. I hope this score raises a red flag for Republicans in both the House and the Senate. I urge that they reconsider in trying to cram their TrumpCare bill through the Senate. Years ago Senator Dirksen said: ‘‘A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon we are talking about real money.’’ Mr. Speaker, a million here, a million there, and pretty soon the Senate Republicans will be talking about denying coverage for 22 million people; 15 million will lose coverage next year alone. How on Earth is this a debate? This is not healthcare. It is a tax cut for the wealthiest of Americans at the cost of lowincome and middle class families. Twentytwo million people will lose healthcare. 
LOOK OUT WORLD; MICHELLE COLLINS IS DANCING AGAIN ON CENTER STAGE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, in the summer of 2008, at the home of Ricky and Victoria Collins, I met the most inspirational woman in Texas history: First Lady Laura Bush. Five years later, I learned there was one more woman who is more inspirational: Michelle Collins, the daughter of Ricky and Victoria. In 2013, Michelle learned that she had acute childhood leukemia. Her dreams of being a professional dancer were fading. She endured 2 years of brutal chemotherapy, 44 straight days in the hospital after her diagnosis, 18 spinal taps, and fever after fever with her depleted immune system. Michelle won her battle for life with family, faith, and art. As part of the children’s art project at MDA Cancer Center, she designed Christmas ornaments that sold like ‘‘hotcakes.’’ Recovered, she graduated last month from St. Agnes Academy in Houston, Texas. In 2 months, she will enroll at the University of Texas at Austin. Look out world, Michelle Collins is dancing again on center stage. f 
WELCOMING PRESIDENT MOON (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I join Chairman ROYCE and all of my colleagues in welcoming President Moon of the Republic of Korea as he travels to Washington this week. Across 135 years of diplomatic ties, the United States and the Republic of Korea have forged a strong and unshakable relationship. Our countries have sacrificed together in war—from the Korean war to Vietnam, to the Persian Gulf, to Afghanistan—and we have prospered together in peace. Our alliance, enshrined in the Mutual Defense Treaty of 1953, has been a pillar of stability and security for both of our countries. That alliance is especially important in light of the grave threat just 35 miles from Seoul: the dangerous regime controlled by dictator Kim Jungun in North Korea. America grieves with the Warmbier family over the tragic death of their young son, Otto. His unjust detention, abuse, and death haunts all of us. We must do all we can to secure the safe return of the three Americans still detained in North Korea. I trust that President Moon’s visit will deepen an understanding between Washington and Seoul in these trying times so that we may face this challenge as we have others: in lockstep, side by side. 
b1930 CONGRATULATING OUTSTANDING MUSIC PROGRAMS IN MINNESOTA (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to congratulate Chaska Middle School West, the Minnetonka School District, the Osseo Area School District, and Salem Lutheran School in Loretto on being named best communities for music education by the National Association of Music Merchants Foundation. They have all been recognized for outstanding commitment to their music programs. 
Research has proven that music is vital to a student’s education. Music education benefits language development, spatialtemporal skills, and can lead to a higher IQ and increased test scores. Music also brings students together and gives them incentives to practice and strive for more selfimprovement. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the administrators, the teachers, instructors, the parents, and the students in these schools and districts for their impressive dedication to music education. They put a lot of time and effort into their music programs, and all that hard work is really paying off. 
WELCOMING PRESIDENT MOON (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in welcoming President Moon Jaein of the Republic of Korea on the occasion of his visit to Washington this week. This visit is an important opportunity to further the strong bonds of cooperation and friendship between our two countries. As North Korea continues to threat our allies and pursue its destabilizing missile program, including tests of intercontinental ballistic missiles, this meeting comes at a pivotal time. The United States and the Republic of Korea must continue to stand together to contain this threat and ensure the security and safety of this strategically important region. Earlier I sent a letter urging Speaker RYAN to invite President Moon Jaein to speak before a joint meeting of Congress so all Members can hear firsthand his perspective of these shared challenges. If not possible during this brief visit, I hope he will address this body in the future. Once again, I extend my heartfelt welcome to President Moon Jaein, and I express my commitment to furthering the vital economic, security, and cultural relationships between our two countries. 
WELCOMING PRESIDENT MOON JAEIN TO AMERICA (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in welcoming President Moon Jaein of the Republic of Korea to the United States of America. Next week will mark his first official visit to Washington, D.C., since he assumed the Presidency of his country. This represents a continuation of the friendship between our two nations. This October will mark the 64th anniversary of the mutual defense treaty between our two countries. This landmark legislation continues to be a vital component to peace and security in the AsiaPacific region. Once again, I look forward to welcoming President Moon Jaein to the United States, and I look forward to continuing our partnership with the Republic of Korea. f 
REJECT SENATE HEALTHCARE BILL (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, another Republican healthcare bill that the nonpartisan, bipartisan Congressional Budget Office tells us will rip away healthcare from 22 million Americans, raise premiums—especially on older Americans—and cut Medicaid by roughly $800 billion. The Senate Republican’s plan is especially cruel for New York City. Not only will millions lose coverage, but sharp Medicaid cuts will cost hospitals over $5 billion, and fewer seniors will be able to afford nursing homes and home care providers. But the bill saves its worst for women. It cuts Federal funding for a year for Planned Parenthood clinics that provide essential healthcare to millions of American women. It allows States to easily waive guaranteed coverage for benefits like maternity. In short, women will have to pay more for essential healthcare because we are women, and women will have less access to healthcare because we are women. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Senate to reject this cruel and merciless bill. 
WELCOMING PRESIDENT MOON (Mr. MACARTHUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, the friendship between the United States and the Republic of Korea is based not only on shared, strategic, and economic interests, but also on shared values. We share a commitment to democracy and to political, religious, and economic liberty. It is a joy to welcome President Moon Jaein to Washington, D.C. I congratulate him on his election, and I wish him a successful summit. But, for me, the relationship with South Korea is also deeply personal. My wife and I adopted two of our three children, David and Isabella, from Korea. I am deeply grateful to the people of South Korea for my children and for giving me the family that I love so much. But not every family on the Korean Peninsula is so fortunate. We remember those who live under the oppression of the North Korean regime that has no regard for the dignity of human persons. We condemn the horrifying crimes of that regime, and I express my hope for the reunification of Korea. We express our firm commitment to the ongoing friendship with South Korea, rooted in our shared values of freedom and democracy. f 
FREE DR. AFRIDI FROM PAKISTANI PRISON (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the day that Osama bin Laden, the world’s number one terrorist, met his maker was a great day in the war on terror. But finding America’s most wanted terrorist hiding in Pakistan was no easy feat. Pakistani Dr. Afridi worked with our CIA to help determine and confirm Osama’s hiding place in Pakistan by using DNA evidence. But after Osama bin Laden was killed, Pakistan threw Dr. Afridi in jail. Why? Because he helped the United States find Osama bin Laden. Pakistan claims to be United States’ number one counterterrorism ally, yet they hypocritically hold this hero in a Pakistani prison. Pakistan is no friend of the United States. They are on the wrong side on the war on terror. Pakistan hid Osama bin Laden from the world. Dr. Afridi deserves a medal for aiding the elimination of Osama bin Laden, not life in prison. Pakistan should free him, and it is time to declare Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism. And that is just the way it is. 
WEALTH CARE OVER HEALTHCARE AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF CARIBBEAN AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, at this time I rise to take this Special Order hour on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus. It is with great honor that I rise as coanchor for the next 60 minutes. We have a chance to speak directly to the American people on the issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, Congress, and the constituents we represent, as well as all Americans. This evening, myself and coanchor MARCVEASEY will discuss two topics: wealth care over healthcare and the contributions of Caribbean Americans. On the matter of healthcare, Senate Republicans have finally released their draft version of the Housepassed American Health Care Act, and it is clear why they kept it behind closed doors all this time. The bill is worse than the one that was passed in the House, with deeper cuts to Medicaid 
and a ban on Planned Parenthood funding for 1 year. Just like the bill that passed the House, this proposal will likely strip coverage for millions of Americans and do nothing to address affordability. This bill is just as mean and heartless as the one the Republicans jammed through the House. As bad as it already was, Senate Republicans have made TrumpCare even more devastating to Americans on Medicaid, and those include veterans, middle class seniors with longterm care needs, vulnerable children, and pregnant women. No, it is not just minority Black people who are on Medicaid. TrumpCare’s Medicaid cuts will have an especially severe impact in rural America, shutting rural hospitals, an important source of goodpaying jobs. TrumpCare fundamentally means higher health costs, millions of hardworking Americans losing healthcare coverage, gutting key protections, a crushing age tax, and stealing from Medicare. Republicans shut the American people out of writing TrumpCare. And if TrumpCare passes, the American people will be shut out of affordable healthcare, too. Now, after crafting this monstrosity in secret, the GOP wants to rush it to the floor before the American people see the damage it will do, abandoning any pretense of respect for the democratic process. Democrats in Congress and across the country will continue to fight with all our strength to protect seniors and hardworking families from TrumpCare’s assault on their healthcare. June, as we know, is Caribbean American Heritage Month, and we will later hear from Members of Congress related to that. At this time, I yield to the gentleman from Fort Worth, Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), my cochair, an advocate for his constituents and for all Americans. He sits on the Armed Services Committee and is here to discuss the effect that this bill will have not only on his constituents, but to the people that we care deeply about. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative PLASKETT for yielding. I really do appreciate the gentlewoman heading up tonight and coanchoring and talking about the contributions of Caribbean Americans, and also talking about this healthscare bill that is going on right now, because it seems to be what everybody is talking about. Of course, the CBO score came out today: 22 million Americans will lose their insurance, many of them that were able to get insurance for the first time under the ACA. So that should be very frightening and concerning to us. The Senate is supposed to vote on this bill, Mr. Speaker, that will have a healthscare effect on so many millions of Americans. It is going to be much less affordable and it is going to be a lowerquality healthcare. Unlike the Affordable Care Act, which boosted the AfricanAmerican insured rate from 79 percent to 88 percent, the Senate Republican’s healthcare plan will decimate the progress that we have made in the AfricanAmerican community under the ACA. Millions of Americans are at risks of losing their insurance, as the gentlewoman pointed out earlier when she said that it is not just people in the AfricanAmerican community or the minority community that are on Medicaid. It is something that affects all Americans and something that should be concerning to everyone, particularly when we talk about this opioid addiction that I know many people in many of these Republican areas, these conservative areas of the country, are hoping that they will be able to use Medicaid to be able to deal with that particular issue effectively. Because of this Senate Republican healthcare bill, they are going to be locked out. They are going to be trying to figure out how they are going to get themselves from under that addiction with absolutely no help from Medicaid. It is going to be a very sad day for them. Many of these losses will come as States are forced to phase out Medicaid over the coming years. That will hurt the AfricanAmerican population in particular. Medicaid expansion under the ACA helped 15 million of the nearly 40 million African Americans in the U.S. gain healthcare insurance, and many of those were for the first time—many of those were for the very first time. In addition to stripping our most vulnerable of healthcare, Senate Republicans want to defund Planned Parenthood and block lifesaving preventive care for hundreds of thousands of women in the district that I represent and nationwide. Let me tell you something about Planned Parenthood. Oftentimes, when we start talking about Planned Parenthood, Representative PLASKETT , the issue revolves around abortion. But let me tell you something: you cannot have a serious discussion in this country. You absolutely cannot have a serious discussion about social service programs, about Medicaid, and trying to reduce those programs unless you have a serious discussion about family planning. b1945 Family planning is something that people don’t want to talk about. Maybe in some circles, particularly Republican circles, it is a very taboo subject, but it is something that needs to be discussed more often and we don’t talk about enough. We don’t talk about it enough with our kids, with our families. When you do something like defund Planned Parenthood, it is going to make that situation even worse. It is going to make people even more needy and more in a situation to where they cannot be selfdependent. Instead of supporting smart public health initiatives, Republicans in the higher Chamber would rather repeal the ACA as another opportunity to demonize one of the country’s leading reproductive health organizations, and that is Planned Parenthood that I talked about earlier. We need to be doing everything that we can to make sure that Americans everywhere can lead a healthier life, but the Senate’s cruel and heartless bill will cause unnecessary suffering. The Affordable Care Act has been a lifeline for many in the Black community, and a full repeal will snatch that safety net out from under our community. The Black community has a lot to lose under the Republican healthcare plan, and we will not take an assault on healthcare lying down. We have got to fight this thing. We need to fight for every grandmother out there. We need to fight for every aunt out there, every mother out there, all of our loved ones out there who may be forced to make the choice between whether or not they are going to have healthcare or whether or not they are going to be able to pay for groceries; and that is just not right. We need to fight for all the single dads out there who are trying to make ends meet, the single moms out there who are trying to make ends meet, because we know that, if you take away Medicaid expansion, it is going to force individuals like that to have to make some really tough choices. We need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we have access to quality healthcare, and that it is not reserved for a few of the wealthy in our country. And when you look at the Republican bill, Representative PLASKETT , that is exactly what it does. This is a vehicle that will deliver tax breaks to the very rich and will leave individuals like we have been talking about in the Black community, and not just in the AfricanAmerican communities, but in all communities out there that are out there working hard, suffering, in a situation where they need Medicaid and they need insurance, it is going to leave them locked out. It is going to be a sad day in America when people who thought that they were going to get insurance for the first time, or people who had insurance for the first time, they were going to get those wellness checkups, they were meeting with their family care physician on a regular basis, and they have that stolen from them because of this monstrous plan. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those words. We were discussing the Medicaid expansion and the fact that it is going to disappear after 2023. The other thing that is going to be removed from this bill is the Prevention and Public Health Fund which presently has billions of dollars that are supportive to the CDC. What is this money used for? 
This money is used for preventative block grants that go to all places, like my district, the Virgin Islands, that deal with chronic conditions such as heart disease and hypertension, provide maternal and child care, support public laboratories and research, and maintain vital statistics. Those moneys would be gone if this bill passes. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. SCOTT, my esteemed colleague from Richmond and Hampton Roads in Virginia, who is the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, to talk about the issues and how he sees this is important, not only to his constituents, but to America as well. I thank the gentleman for being here this evening and giving us his thoughts. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, and I have to point out that, after redistricting last year, I no longer represent the Richmond area. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is their loss. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. And I certainly miss my friends from Richmond. Ms. PLASKETT. I know the gentleman is still working for them though. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I certainly am. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman for yielding, and want to point out that, as we discuss healthcare, we have to notice that the Republicans are using a very flawed reasoning to try to sell TrumpCare to the American public. They say: ‘‘We have a bill, and if you don’t like the status quo, therefore, you have to support the bill.’’ And if you ask: ‘‘Well, what’s in the bill?’’ They say: ‘‘Well, you have to do something.’’ ‘‘What’s in your bill?’’ ‘‘I don’t like the Affordable Care Act.’’ ‘‘What’s in your bill?’’ ‘‘The present law is called ObamaCare.’’ There is no discussion about what the bill actually does or whether or not it improves the status quo and how the bill will affect American families every day. But we do know something, based on the CBO report, and that is that TrumpCare is significantly worse than the current policy on every level. They complain about costs. Costs will go up under this bill. And the only way anybody saves money on premiums is because the policies won’t cover as much of the costs. That is because they will cover a lower percentage of the costs, and they will cover fewer benefits. This was confirmed today by the CBO, which said that 22 million fewer people will have health and coverage under this plan; and the policies that people buy will cover a lot less than they cover now. Mr. Speaker, at some point, we have to recognize fundamental principles of arithmetic. If you give massive tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans and corporations, as TrumpCare is proposing, you will have less money to help those who actually need money to afford insurance. Less money means fewer people covered by Medicaid, fewer people receiving subsidies to help them buy their insurance, and policies that cover a smaller portion of the costs. According to the CBO, TrumpCare will have a severe impact on rural America, threatening the services covered by rural hospitals which, in many areas, are the biggest employers in the area. CBO also points out that the hardest hit will be those with preexisting conditions, lowincome Americans, and seniors. But even those making $100,000, around $100,000, will also be hurt. Mr. Speaker, why is the Senate even considering this bill? Who benefits? Maybe it is just those wealthy Americans who will get a huge tax cut as people lose their insurance. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for those thoughts and reflections that we should have about this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Houston, Texas (Ms. JACKSONLEE). She has been an advocate for Americans, has spoken, and done so eloquently, related to her work on the Judiciary Committee, as well as Homeland Security, and I am eager to hear what the gentlewoman has to say about healthcare. And as well, of course, as a fellow Caribbean American, I would wish her and her family a Happy Caribbean American Heritage Month, which was, of course, offered by our colleague, BARBARA LEE, in 2005. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman who represents the U.S. Virgin Islands for her constant leadership and consistently allowing us to come to the floor to speak to our colleagues and, hopefully, the American people on important topics. I can’t think of a topic more important than this one that really represents, when I say this one, the question of healthcare for Americans. Might I say that the healthcare statement or framework was issued about 12 noon on Thursday. As you well know, we worked through Friday, and I left about 12 noon, landed in Houston, and went directly to the Legacy Community Health clinic on Lyons Avenue in Fifth Ward, Texas. That was a federally qualified health clinic that was able to be constructed in the neighborhood of Barbara Jordan and Mickey Leland by the Affordable Care Act and to bring healthcare to senior citizens living across the street access, easy access to healthcare. There was 40, 50, 60, 70 people who came. We walked down the street to ask that this President and the Senators leave our healthcare alone. But more importantly, the disabled community came. I want to personally thank them. There were children, there were pastors, there were doctors, there were good people there, but there was the blind, there was the deaf community, there were people in wheelchairs, and they cried. And one of them said: Please don’t take my Medicaid healthcare away; and please allow me to continue to live independently, because I have at least the healthcare. Of course, the Senate did not listen. The President today said that he hopes that the Affordable Care Act will crash and burn. And we know that polls are showing that they increasingly think their healthcare will get worse. But polls are showing that 51 percent of Americans believe and support the Affordable Care Act. I want to spend the remaining moments of my life here on the floor—not my life, but my time on the floor. I hope to the Lord that it is not the remaining time of my life, but I am so overwhelmed by this bill, I know that some people will lose their lives. So I am going to include in the RECORD an article entitled ‘‘Center for American Progress Coverage Losses Under the Senate Health Care Bill Could Result in 18,100 to 27,700 Additional Deaths in 2026.’’ 
[From the Center for American Progress, June 22, 2017] COVERAGE LOSSES UNDER THE SENATE  HEALTH CAREBILLCOULD RESULT IN 18,100 
TO27,700 A DDITIONAL DEATHS IN 2026 (By Ann CrawfordRoberts) One Republican member of Congress, defending the GOP health care plan—the American Health Care Act (AHCA)—suggested that concerns that the loss of health care coverage leads to death are overblown. However, the scientific literature on the effects of insurance coverage on mortality shows that the coverage losses from the AHCA would result in tens of thousands of deaths. The secret Senate bill was finally released today, and it is broadly similar to what passed in the House: It ends Medicaid expansion and makes further deep cuts to the program; eliminates the individual mandate; and reduces funding that helps lowincome Americans afford health coverage. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) has not yet released its score of the Senate bill, although it is expected to do so early next week. The CBO, however, has released a score of the House’s version of the AHCA, which is largely similar to the Senate bill. The score projected that, by 2026, 23 million more Americans would be uninsured under the House bill compared to the Affordable Care Act (ACA). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is what we are confronting. These are not numbers that anyone would print just to create hysteria. These are truthful numbers. Now, let me answer the question. The critics keep saying that we are crumbling. I said to you the President said: crash and burn. That is not the case, that insurers appear to be fleeing the Affordable Care Act’s health insurance exchanges or Statebased, online marketplaces where people can buy individual health insurance. The fact that onethird of counties are projected to have just one insurer 
on their ObamaCare exchanges this year has been a popular talking point among Republicans, including President Trump, trying to gain or gin up support to replace the Affordable Care Act. The stat was echoed in a recent editorial by Tom Price. Though some insurers are still deciding whether to participate in ObamaCare exchange, the complaint about lackluster insurer participation is valid. In recent weeks alone, Aetna pulled out, leaving its participation in ObamaCare limited. But the real issue is that we have been strangling these insurance companies. They leave out that the insurers might be less likely to exit if more States had expanded Medicaid under ObamaCare. Mr. Speaker, I include this article in the RECORD , ‘‘Why So Many Insurers Are Leaving ObamaCare.’’ 
[From The Atlantic, May 11, 2017] WHYSOMANYINSURERS ARELEAVING  OBAMACARE  
HOW REJECTING MEDICAID AND OTHER GOVERN MENT DECISIONS HAVE HURT INSURANCE MAR KETS  One of the most common reasons critics of Obamacare say the law is ‘‘collapsing’’ is that insurers appear to be fleeing the Affordable Care Act’s healthinsurance exchanges, or the statebased, online marketplaces where people can buy individual healthinsurance policies. The fact that onethird of counties are projected to have just one insurer on their Obamacare exchanges this year has been a popular talking point among Republicans— including President Trump—trying to gin up support for their replacement bill, the American Health Care Act. The stat was echoed in a recent editorial by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, in which he portrayed Obamacare as a house that’s on fire and ‘‘many of our fellow Americans are trapped inside.’’ Though some insurers are still deciding whether to participate in the Obamacare exchanges, the complaint about lackluster insurer participation is valid. In recent weeks alone, Aetna pulled out of Virginia’s Obamacare exchange, leaving its participation in Obamacare this year limited to just four states. Medica, the last insurer remaining in most of Iowa, threatened to stop selling individual plans. And after Humana pulled out of Tennessee in February, leaving 40,000 people with no insurance option, BlueCross BlueShield reluctantly stepped in on Tuesday, but only if certain conditions are met. According to a Kaiser Family Foundation analysis, 31 percent of counties will have just one insurer this year, up from just 7 percent last year. There is one thing Republicans usually leave out of their indictment of Obamacare, though: Insurers might have been less likely to exit if more states had expanded Medicaid under Obamacare. The Affordable Care Act was written with the idea that states would expand Medicaid, the insurance program for the poor, to cover people earning up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level, or $16,400 for a single adult. But a 2012 Supreme Court case made that expansion optional, and so far 19 states have rejected the expansion. People earning below 100 percent of the federal poverty level, or about $12,000 annually, in those states aren’t eligible for subsidies to buy private insurance on the Obamacare exchanges or, in most cases, for Medicaid. They fall in an insurance noman’s land, the ‘‘coverage gap.’’ People earning between 100 and 138 percent of the poverty level in those Medicaidrejection states, however, do qualify for subsidies to buy insurance on the Obamacare exchanges. Many of them enrolled in Obamacare, and they make up about 40 percent of the Obamacare enrollment population in the nonexpansion states, compared to 6 percent in the expansion states. The catch is, poor people tend to be sicker than rich people are. And having so many poor, sick people in their Obamacare marketplaces might have made it more expensive for insurers to operate in the nonexpansion states. In Alabama, for instance, Blue Cross Blue Shield is the only insurer participating in the exchange in 2017, and it’s spending $1.20 for every $1 it collects in premiums—an unsustainable ratio, as insurance writer and analyst Louise Norris points out. So, then, what happened in states that did expand Medicaid but nonetheless have very fragile insurance markets? Iowa, for example, expanded Medicaid, but it has had so many insurers pull out of its exchange that there might be no Obamacare plans on offer this year. In Iowa and several other Medicaidexpansion states, a different Obamacarerelated choice might have contributed to the high cost of insuring their Obamacare enrollees. Before Obamacare, insurers could reject customers they thought would be too sick and too expensive. After Obamacare was passed, about 35 states continued to allow the sale of nonObamacarecompliant plans. (The states that didn’t allow this tended to be more liberal—New York, Vermont, and the like.) Therefore, the people on these so called ‘‘grandmothered’’ plans were likely to be healthier than average, since they had to pass the healthiness test that insurers were formerly allowed to use to screen their customers. These plans can also raise peoples’ rates as they get sick—something that’s not allowed under Obamacare. Many healthy people in the grandmother states were, in a sense, kept out of the Obamacare marketplaces, only joining Obamacare if and when they get sick. Thus, the grandmothered plans might have made the Obamacare pool sicker in those states. According to a 2016 KFF analysis, states that both did not expand Medicaid and allowed the grandmothered plans had an average ‘‘risk score’’ that was 8 percent higher than those that that did expand Medicaid and did not allow the grandmothered plans. The Kaiser researchers caution that there could be other hidden demographic factors at play, but write that the study ‘‘does suggest that state policy decisions may have had a noticeable effect on risk pools.’’ Karen Pollitz, a KFF senior fellow, gave an example of how this worked in Iowa, via email: In Iowa, most of the Wellmark (BCBS) market share continues to be in noncompliant plans (the grandmothered/grandfathered preACA plans), so Wellmark cherry picks its own market share. Over three years, news reports show Wellmark lost $90 million on ACA compliant plans, with one enrollee accounting for $18 million in claims for one year alone. So for 2018 Wellmark will not only leave the marketplace, it will stop offering all ACA compliant plans, keeping in force just their preACA policies. Today, of course, insurers have even more to worry about, like whether the Trump administration will continue to make payments called costsharing reductions to defray medical costs for lowincome people on Obamacare. House Republicans successfully sued the Obama administration in 2014 to stop the payments, and the Trump administration could simply drop the appeal. In that case, insurers participating in Obamacare would be on the hook for billions of dollars in medical expenses. (The House healthcare bill would eliminate the payments as well.) As Cori Uccello, senior health fellow at the American Academy of Actuaries, put it to NBC News, ‘‘Insurers need to know if they are going to get paid.’’ What’s more, some insurers are skeptical that the Trump administration will enforce Obamacare’s individual mandate, so they are raising their rates as a precaution. And of course, with the Senate currently debating its own version of the Obamacare repeal bill, the entire future of Obamacare is uncertain. Indeed, ‘‘uncertainty’’ comes up a lot in stories about insurers leaving Obamacare. At this rate, Republicans might live to see the Obamacare ‘‘death spiral’’ they have long been prophesying. But insurance markets don’t just collapse on their own. Decisions by states, Congress, and the Trump administration can—and have—given them a hefty nudge. Ms. JACKSON LEE. And the answer, of course, is a litany of ways that the Republicans have extinguished the very essence of it. But I just want to close by bringing to the attention of my colleagues Ryan Smith. He has a mental health generalized anxiety disorder. He has got a beautiful picture with, it looks like, his mom and him. And it says: Without the ACA, I would not have been able to move and find a new job. He has generalized anxiety disorder. He is a young man with a job who worked for the Michigan House of Representatives, and he was diagnosed in 2013. Because of the Affordable Care Act, he keeps his job. Then we have, how TrumpCare will kill me before cystic fibrosis. I am 34 years old. If I was a Canadian, there would be a good chance I would live for 17 more years, but, in the Americas of Donald Trump and PAULRYAN, that is not going to happen. At 2, I was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis. And this individual indicates: I got married. I hope one day to have children. But without the Affordable Care Act, they too may lose their lives. ObamaCare saved my life. What now? This was a gentleman, lying in bed with my dog, recovering from the most recent surgery, when the news alert went off on my iPhone after midnight. Breaking news: the Senate has just taken a major step toward repealing the Affordable Care Act. Fear, that is what I and millions of Americans felt. This is a breast cancer survivor, and she is worried about being able to survive. So there are many stories like this, and there are stories of the disabled and senior citizens who may be thrown out of nursing homes and children who are very sick who may, because of a preexisting disease, not have insurance. I am glad to be with you on the floor, and I think I will end by saying, my commitment is to see that this never 
happens to the American people; that whatever the shenanigans and negotiating that are going on in the Senate— and I respect the other body, but whatever is going on to pass a bill that may kill people, or cause people to lose their lives under the medical system, or, in fact, throw people off of insurance, I believe we have a moral obligation to stand in the gap and stand against this. I really would lift up my hand to my friends, Senators and others, I lift my hand. Let us sit down to the negotiating table together, and let us save lives. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleague in strong opposition to the issue of repealing, revising, and replacing the Affordable Care Act presented by the Republicans. Tonight, after seven years of claiming to have a workable replacement for the Affordable Care Act, the Senate, just as House Republicans before them, showed their hand; and it is empty. Senate Republicans have finally released their draft version of the Housepassed American Health Care Act and it is clear why they kept it behind closed doors all this time. Today, the Congressional Budget Office and the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) completed their estimate of the direct spending and revenue effects of the Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017, which is the Senate amendment in the nature of a substitute to H.R. 1628. The Senate bill would increase the number of people who are uninsured by 22 million in 2026 relative to the number under current law, slightly fewer than the increase in the number of uninsured estimated for the Housepassed legislation. By 2026, an estimated 49 million people would be uninsured, compared with 28 million who would lack insurance that year under current law. Senate Trumpcare is yet another plan that promotes Wealth Care—if you are billionaire or a millionaire you will become wealthier. If you are part of the middle class or the working poor your economic you will become less welloff due to higher health insurance cost or out of pocket health care expenses. Earlier today, they were making changes to address the growing chorus of objections to their illconceived attempt to end Obamacare for more than 20 million Americans The change they proposed could be described as a postscript that people should try to keep health insurance coverage while they strip away the assistance that makes health insurance a right that is affordable and accessible to all Americans. The reality of keeping health insurance under the Republican proposal would be nearly impossible for the very sick who are receiving coverage under Medicaid. The added difficulty for the chronically ill is that their preexisting condition may mean higher premiums that the Republican plan will not help them cover through subsidies or the removal of prohibitions that insurance companies cannot discriminate against them. If you or your loved one depends on Medicaid you will be worse off because the insurance market may allow you to purchase insurance, but there is no subsidies to help you purchase plans, and no control over how high a premium might become. The Senate bill is worse than the one that passed the House, with deeper cuts to Medicaid and a ban on Planned Parenthood funding for one year. Just like the bill that passed the House, this proposal would likely strip coverage from millions of Americans and do nothing to address affordability, all while providing a windfall to corporations and the richest of the rich. Both healthcare bills are immoral bill and I call on Republicans to abandon their efforts to repeal and replace the law of the land at the expense of the most vulnerable Americans. The President promised to a plan to provide health insurance for everybody. But that promise has not been kept. The legislation unveiled by House and Senate Republicans would kick millions of Americans off their health coverage and force millions to pay more for less. This plan is a prescription for misery and spells disaster for hardworking families struggling to make ends meet in the face of spiraling health care costs. The Affordable Care Act was always about real people who have real lives that are impacted by not having access to affordable and accessible health insurance. Those caught up in the Opioid addiction rely on Medicaid for healthcare treatment for withdrawal special medical care centers. The Senate and House Republican bills would eliminate Medicaid coverage for tens of thousands of Opioid addicts who are seeking help. The Affordable Care Act has established healthcare as a right and not just something that the privileged can afford. This repeal charade must end. Republicans have had seven years to show they have a better way to cover millions of Americans but we have learned at last that they have none. Republicans will be held accountable for whatever happens to our health care system under their watch, especially the destabilizing uncertainty their efforts have already engendered. With America finally on the move thanks to the expansion of coverage through the Affordable Care Act, the Republican plan to repeal and replace the ACA threatens to turn the clock back by making America sick again. Statistics Texas Should the Republicans be successful in repealing the Affordable Care Act people living in the State of Texas will be harmed: 1,874,000 individuals in the state who have gained coverage since the ACA was implemented could lose their coverage if the ACA is entirely or partially repealed. 1,092,650 individuals stand to lose their coverage if the Republican Congress dismantles the exchanges. 913,177 individuals who received financial assistance to purchase health insurance in 2016, received an average of $271 per person, would be at risk of having coverage become unaffordable if the Republican Congress eliminates the premium tax credits. 1,107,000 individuals in the state could have insurance if the State of Texas would accept the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion. These individuals will not be able to gain coverage if the Republican Congress eliminates the Medicaid expansion. 508,000 kids who have gained coverage since the ACA was implemented are also at risk of having their coverage rolled back. 205,000 young adults in the state who are able to stay on a parent’s health insurance plan thanks to the ACA now stand to lose coverage if the Republican Congress eliminates the requirement that insurers allow children to stay on their parents’ plans until age 26. 646,415 individuals in the state who received costsharing reductions to lower outof pocket costs such as deductibles, copays, and coinsurance are now at risk of having healthcare become unaffordable if the Republican Congress eliminates costsharing reductions. 10,278,005 individuals in the state who now have private health insurance that covers preventive services without any copays, coinsurance, or deductibles stand to lose this avenue of access to affordable healthcare if the Republican Congress eliminates ACA provisions requiring health insurers to cover important preventive services without costsharing. Women in the state who can now purchase insurance for the same price as men are at risk of being charged more for insurance if the Republican Congress eliminates the ACA’s ban on gender rating in the individual and small group markets. Before the ACA, women paid up to 56% more than men for their health insurance. Roughly 4,536,000 individuals in the state who have preexisting health conditions are at risk of having their coverage rescinded, being denied coverage, or being charged significantly more for coverage if the Republican Congress eliminates the ACA’s ban on preexisting conditions. 346,750 seniors who have saved an average of $1,057 each as a result of closing the Medicare prescription drug ‘‘donut hole’’ gap in coverage stand to lose this critical help going forward. 1,746,043 seniors who have received free preventive care services thanks to ACA provisions requiring coverage of annual wellness visits and eliminating costsharing for many recommended preventive services covered by Medicare Part B, such as cancer screenings, are at risk of losing access to these services if congressional Republicans go forward with their plan to repeal the ACA. National Statistics 2013–2016 There were over 41 million uninsured persons in the United States in 2013, and by 2015 that number had declined to a little over 28 million because of the tremendous success of the Affordable Care Act. In March 2016, HHS reported that due to the Affordable Care Act, 20 million Americans have gained health care coverage. In 2016, Medicaid’s share of total U.S. health care spending amounted to 17 percent. The program is funded by both federal and state government. In 2016, there were 72.2 million people enrolled in Medicaid. Since 2012 the number of people receiving healthcare through Medicaid grow by 24.6 million. The number of children enrolled in Medicaid coverage is 43%. As more families were able to purchase health care insurance through exchanges the number of children receiving health insurance through Medicaid decreased from 50% in 2011 to 43% in 2016 because their families’ health plan provided them with coverage. The 2016 HHS report said that 6.1 million uninsured young adults ages 19 to 25 have gained health insurance coverage because 
they could remain on a parent’s health plan due to the Affordable Care Act. Black and Hispanic Insurance Rates Gains in coverage because of the Affordable Care Act were strong across all racial and ethnic groups between October 2013 and early 2016. The uninsured rate among Black nonHispanics dropped by more than 50 percent (from 22.4 to 10 percent); corresponding to about 3 million adults gaining coverage. The uninsured rate among Hispanics dropped by more than 25 percent (from 41.8 to 30.5 percent), corresponding to about 4 million Hispanic adults gaining coverage. The greatest demographic that benefited from the Affordable Care Act were White non Hispanics whose uninsurance rate declined by more than 50 percent (from 14.3 to 7.0 percent), corresponding to about 8.9 million adults gaining coverage. History of Universal Healthcare in the United States In 1949, Harry Truman became the first sitting President to propose universal healthcare for all Americans as part of the ‘‘Fair Deal.’’ On March 23, 2010, with the stroke of President Obama’s pen, the American people received this part of the ‘‘Fair Deal.’’ The Affordable Care Act has been affirmed to be law by every means provided by our nation’s constitution: On March 21, 2010, it passed the House and was sent to the President. On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. On June 28, 2012, the United States Supreme Court in National Federation of Independent Businesses v. Sebelius ruled that it was constitutional. During the 2012 Presidential Election the Affordable Care Act was a central issue. President Obama was soundly reelected with 51.1 percent of the vote and 62% of the Electoral votes (332–206). In 2014, the Affordable Care Act provisions banned insurance companies from: Discriminating against anyone with a preexisting condition. Charging higher rates based on gender or health status. Enforcing lifetime dollar limits. Enforcing annual dollar limits on health benefits. The Affordable Care Act means: Over 19 million Americans now have health insurance. 105 million Americans have no life time limits on health insurance Nearly 134 million people with preexisting conditions have coverage. 6.6 million youngadults up to age 26 can stay on their parents’ health insurance plans. 5 million Seniors in the ‘donut hole’ have saved billions on their prescription drugs. 3.2 million Seniors have access to free annual wellness visits under Medicare, and 360,000 Small Businesses are using the Health Care Tax Credit to help them provide health insurance to their workers. [Statistics on Texas and the Affordable Care Act] 1.7 million Texas have health insurance because of the Affordable Care Act. 7 million Texans no longer have lifetime limits on their healthcare insurance. 300,731 young adults can remain on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. 10 million Texans have insurance although they have preexisting conditions that would have prevented them from getting coverage before the Affordable Care Act became law. 346,750 seniors are no longer in the prescription drug donut hole, which means they are no sudden large out of pocket expenses to get the medicine they need. b2000 Ms. PLASKETT. I thank the gentlewoman so much for that information, for much of the testimonies that you have given for the record. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GAETZ ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it gives me great pleasure to yield to Congresswoman BARBARA LEE, who not only represents California in the area of Berkeley as well as Oakland, but is also someone who is a real progressive fighter for the American people, cares passionately about healthcare. But on this evening when we are also talking about Caribbean American Heritage Month, I have to tell you that, in June of 2005, the House unanimously adopted H. Con. Res. 71, which was sponsored and ushered through by Congresswoman BARBARA LEEwith other Members, which was recognizing the significance of Caribbean people and their descendants in the history and culture of the United States. On February 14, 2006, the resolution similarly passed the Senate, culminating a 2 year bipartisan, bicameral effort that was issued by President George Bush on June 6, 2006. Since the declaration, the White House has issued annual proclamations recognizing June as Caribbean American Heritage Month, and it gives those of us of CaribbeanAmerican heritage great honor and a real opportunity to extol and let other Americans know about the contributions, the issues that are important to us. I thank Congresswoman LEEfor bringing that forward and for ushering that through. It is really, I feel, quite often that we get subsumed, that the experiences of Caribbean Americans often get glossed over, and I want to thank her for affording us the opportunity to have this month to be able to talk among ourselves and among other Americans about the things that we have done. I yield to the gentlewoman from California to discuss healthcare as well as Caribbean American Heritage Month. Ms. LEE. I want to thank Congresswoman PLASKETT for hosting this Special Order and for her kind words, but also for her commitment to providing healthcare for all Americans, for her leadership in the Caribbean Caucus, for her dedicated constituent representation of her constituents in her district, and also being the epitome of why Caribbean American Heritage Month is so important. There are so many Caribbean Americans throughout our country who have contributed so much to the fabric of our society, and so I am really proud to be with her tonight. And thank you for signing H. Con. Res. 71 because that was during the days of the bipartisanship spirit. If a BARBARA LEEand a George Bush could work together, then that says something. Ms. PLASKETT. It says a lot for what we can accomplish. Ms. LEE. What we can accomplish, but also about the brilliance and the importance of the CaribbeanAmerican community. Let me just mention Dr. Claire Nelson, who is the founder and president of the Institute of Caribbean Studies, because, for over a decade, just in terms of history, we worked closely together to recognize the many individual contributions of Caribbean Americans and to make Caribbean American Heritage Month a reality. So I must today salute her for her tremendous leadership. Our Nation has been so fortunate to benefit from countless individuals of Caribbean descent, including my personal mentor and friend, the late Honorable Shirley Chisholm, whose district now is so ably represented by our colleague of Jamaican descent, Congresswoman YVETTE CLARKE . Now, Shirley Chisholm was a woman of Bajan and Guyanese descent who never forgot her roots in the Caribbean. She was the first AfricanAmerican woman elected to Congress, the first woman and the first African American to run for President. She was truly a trailblazer, and she convinced me that I needed to actually register to vote. Throughout her career, Shirley was an advocate and a fighter. She fought for working families, the poor, and our most vulnerable: children and seniors. She believed that everyone should have the basics: food, housing, a decent job, good wages, and healthcare—again, regardless of their background. And let me tell you, I know that she would have been appalled by this Senate health bill. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed, and, to be quite honest, I am terrified about the Republican’s heartless bill to rip healthcare away from 22 million Americans. Now, next year, 15 million Americans will lose their healthcare, and believe you me, these are not just Democrats, these are not only African Americans, but these are also Republicans and people who voted for Trump. The bill, currently—this bill—was hatched by 13 male Republicans in back rooms and basements. They hid it 
for as long as they could because they knew if they held an honest debate, they would lose on the merits. According to the Congressional Budget Office today, the Senate’s bill would strip healthcare from 22 million Americans, devastate women’s health, and weaken protections for those living with preexisting conditions, with disabilities. It will increase premiums and reduce benefits, and it would also make Americans pay more for less. It would end Medicaid as we know it, including longterm care for our seniors. What is more, it will harm American families and really will present an environment now where it is a matter of life and death for so many who don’t even need to worry about not having healthcare. They should have healthcare because, otherwise, many people who are going to be denied under this bill can lose their lives. And for what? Why are we doing this, or why are they doing this? It is to pay for tax cuts for billionaires and for millionaires and for CEOs. Mr. Speaker, over the last few months, like all of us, I received thousands of letters from constituents in the East Bay who are terrified of losing their healthcare. I have heard from people like Melissa, a mother in Oakland, whose son Sam was born premature with several preexisting conditions. Her son received healthcare under the Affordable Care Act. Under the Senate healthcare bill, children like Sam will be locked out of the care that they desperately need. They are terrified. The bill would force American families like Melissa’s to choose between groceries and healthcare. Mr. Speaker, this bill is cruel and, yes, it is mean. It is a massive tax cut for billionaires at the expense of families and our most vulnerable. Now, during the campaign, President Trump asked the question: What does the Black community have to lose? Well, for starters, Mr. President, I hope you hear us tonight, it is healthcare, given the number of African Americans, which Congressman VEASEY laid out, who, for the first time, now have healthcare. In all my years in Congress, I have never seen such a morally bankrupt bill. And make no mistake, it is a matter of life and death, and the American people deserve better. Finally, let me just say this bill is not a healthcare bill. It is a tax cut bill for millionaires and billionaires and is known as TrumpCare. I don’t know how it got that title because it is more like—and what I call it—‘‘Trump Don’t Care’’ legislation, and it must be rejected. Ms. PLASKETT. I thank the gentlewoman for that information and for her passionate words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), who is an advocate for people throughout this country, not just Wisconsin, and who is a poet along with being a great Congresswoman. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands so very, very much for yielding to me. I rise today to speak with you, Mr. Speaker, because we have gotten so many complaints about the messaging that Democrats have around this bill, and I just want to keep the main thing the main thing, and I just want to talk to you, Mr. Speaker, very directly. We talked a lot about the 22 million, 23 million people who will lose their healthcare if we were to repeal and replace socalled ObamaCare. But this goes deeper than that. This undermines the Medicaid program, a program that will be 52 years old on July 30, if it survives. This takes away the eligibility, changes eligibility standards; and right now, Mr. Speaker, there are 70 million people who rely upon Medicaid. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, tomorrow it could be you. The average age of a Member of the House of Representatives is 57. The average age of a Senator is 61. So, I mean, Mr. Speaker, you are one stroke away, one heart attack away from becoming disabled. And after they wipe out your IRA and your pension and your Social Security so they can care for you, long term care, or allow you to stay home, you, too, Mr. Speaker, could end up relying on Medicaid to have a decent endoflife experience or to be able to stay in your home. You are one kidney failure away, one car accident away. Even though you make $179,000 a year, you don’t have enough money, Mr. Speaker, were you to have a disabled child that would need extensive care. You would depend on the Medicaid program. You know, so many people don’t care about what is going on here because they think it couldn’t happen to them, that those 70 million people who rely on Medicaid is someone other than them. But, no, Mr. Speaker, it is you. And even if you don’t, God willing, have a stroke or a heart attack, you are someone who is going to suffer from the cost shifting so that, when 22 million people lose their healthcare, your premiums are going to go up. Your deductibles are going to go up. And God forbid that you have arthritis or some other preexisting condition, because under this bill you will be left at the tender mercies of our insurance companies where they can charge five times as much for someone who has aged or has a preexisting condition. Hospitals in your nice suburban rural area may find themselves being shut down because they don’t get Medicaid payments, and community health centers—not just Planned Parenthood, Mr. Speaker, that you are ideologically opposed to, but those community health centers that serve rural communities. And how cruel could a bill be where 50 percent of the children born in this country rely on Medicaid? How cruel could a bill be when 7 million people with disabilities, represented, you know, by those folks who were tossed out of here in their wheelchairs the other day? And we will find that after we end the entitlement to Medicaid, we will have disabled people and children and people who need skilled nursing care fighting with each other because they will have to win the lottery in order to be able to access the crumbs that fall from the master’s table of the States in which they live. Mr. Speaker, this bill will have an impact on you. It is not just poor people. It is everybody. And I would urge the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, for us to be mindful of the fact that all Americans, every American relies on decent, good healthcare. This is the largest healthcare program in our country that is about to be dismantled, and I would urge caution and tell everyone, especially you, Mr. Speaker, to beware. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands has 25 minutes remaining. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is with enormous, not just gratitude, but great pride, actually, to yield to someone who, to me, is one of my big sisters here, who is the champion in the House, the foundation for those of us within the Caribbean Caucus who are Caribbean Americans here in the Congress. She represents probably one of the largest Caribbean constituencies in the United States, that being part of Brooklyn, New York, which I tell everybody is the largest Caribbean island in the world. b2015 Congresswoman YVETTE CLARKE is a great member on the Committee on Energy and Commerce. She is one of the cochairs of the Congressional Caribbean Caucus, and she is a passionate progressive advocate for healthcare and for all care for Americans and for those who have been forgotten. I am so glad and so grateful for the gentlewoman’s continued efforts to raise the level of awareness on issues related to the Caribbean Basin, of Caribbean Americans here in the United States, and the African diaspora as a whole, that we are not a monolithic group, that we have a richness and a variety within even Americans who are of Caribbean descent here in America. And that needs to be celebrated and discussed, and the achievements and how we all, as a mosaic, make America great by being part of different cultures. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ) this evening to discuss healthcare and Caribbean American Heritage Month. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the United States Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my CaribbeanAmerican sisters and brothers across this country. For 
hundreds of years, Caribbean Americans have contributed to the artistic, legal, literary, diplomatic, business, athletic, and medical—you name it, there is not an endeavor where you won’t find a Caribbean American who helped shape American society. Alexander Hamilton grew up in the Leeward Islands of St. Kitts and Nevis and went on to found our economic system. Former Attorney General Eric Holder, whose family came from Barbados, served honorably as the first Black Attorney General. General Colin Powell, whose own parents immigrated from Jamaica, became our Nation’s first Black chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the first Black Secretary of State. Constance Baker Motley, whose parents were from Nevis, drafted the complaint in the landmark case of Brown v. Board of Education before serving as our Nation’s first Black female Federal judge. Shirley Chisholm, my predecessor and role model, served in Congress for seven terms and became the first Black woman to seek a major party’s nomination for President. Her family was from modernday Guyana and Barbados. Who can forget the unmatched contributions of such notable performers as Sidney Poitier, Harry Belafonte, Sammy Davis, Jr., and even Beyonce? Let me add Rihanna. I could go on. But by any measure, Caribbean Americans have enriched the United States beyond their numbers. They have made the United States better, stronger, and more vibrant while serving as a credit to the Caribbean region and the United States of America. I, myself, am the proud daughter of Jamaican immigrants. My mother, Dr. Una Clarke, served as the first Caribbeanborn female member of the New York City Council. In fact, she was the first foreignborn female to serve in the New York City Council. For those reasons, I am proud to represent one of the largest Caribbean diaspora communities in the Nation and to serve as one of the cochairs of the Congressional Caribbean Caucus. However, unfortunately, the Caribbean region stands at a crossroads today. Many of the nations face high energy prices, environmental degradation, public health challenges, and economic challenges imposed by the correspondent banking crisis. Haiti, in particular, has been beset by numerous challenges over the past few years through no fault of its own. I believe that the United States must not be silent in the face of those challenges. The Caribbean region is known favorably as the third border of the United States. Instead, it should aid our Caribbean neighbors to help ensure a vibrant future in the region. Indeed, the State Department’s recent report to Congress on the U.S. Caribbean strategic partnership marked a step in the right direction. However, we must continue making strides on the road to full diplomatic engagement in accordance with our values and as befitting our friends and neighbors in the region. I find it quite fascinating that so many other nations around the world have found this region in the Western Hemisphere to be partners with, and, we, right on its borders, have given it short shrift. When you look at the level of investment that China is making in the Caribbean region right now, it should give us all pause in the United States as we are concerned about the expansion of their influence into the Western Hemisphere. So, Mr. Speaker, as I speak with pride today, I want to mention the name Susan Rice, former Ambassador to the U.N., another proud Caribbean American; and Patrick Ewing, formerly of the New York Nicks, another proud Caribbean American. The list goes on and on. We have deeply benefited from their contributions to our life, enriching society here in the United States of America. I would be remiss if I left the floor this evening without adding my voice to that of my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus in condemning this horrible healthcare bill that has been put forth in the United States Senate. It is a companion to the horrible bill that was put forth by United States House of Representatives. I am a Christian and I practice my faith regularly. There is something said in the Bible about wickedness in high places. I have to speak to the wickedness within this bill that we, as a civil society, would remove the ability for people to just have human dignity, to have life, to be able to see their doctors, to be able to make sure that their children are well taken care of, that their parents can live out their days in dignity and in as best health as possible is really a blot on this Nation. We have been through generations of challenges. We have reached a point where, in this Nation, we have made a lot of progress in really doing our best for our neighbors as we would do for ourselves. This is totally a step back. Our children are going to ask us where we were when this vicious bill was proposed that Americans would be stripped of the ability to access healthcare in the United States of America in the 21st century. I stand shoulder to shoulder with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to say that we stood on the floor of the House and we fought. We fought for human dignity. We fought to make sure that this would not be something that would not rest on the mind and the conscious of our colleagues, that they would reflect on how they would feel if this bill were to impact them personally. I find it really ironic that in many of the districts that this healthcare bill would impact, our colleagues are basically stripping away the wellbeing of their own constituents—people who voted and sent them here. It is truly unfortunate that we value wealth over human dignity; that we value giving money to people who haven’t even asked for it over making sure that we can stop pandemics, that we can continue research into cures for those who may be ill, and that we can continue to move along the path of preventive health, which is, by far, the best way for us to conduct our lives in the United States of America. To see emergency rooms, if they remain open, filled with those who are uninsured in this day and age is not worthy of who we are as a nation. So I stand with my colleagues to say that we will fight until the last person standing to bring dignity to our Nation—to all people—but we fight, in particular, as a Congressional Black Caucus for those who have been most victimized and are the most vulnerable amongst us, and those are the people of the AfricanAmerican communities here in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for yielding. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I find it very interesting for myself that we have Congresswoman YVETTE CLARKE  and the next Member to come up is also from New York. Both of them have been Representatives of districts that I have lived in and that my family lives in. They represent what I think of when I think of my parents who live now in Congressman MEEKS ’ district, and my mother who was partly raised in Congresswoman CLARKE ’s district. My parents represent most Caribbean Americans who come to this country— people who come here with not much, who are willing to work hard, who believe that the sacrifice toward education and support of their families and helping others to come and find good, stable jobs and create middle class is what America is about. We have contributed so much, and we can talk about so many of the Caribbean Americans who have done amazing things in this country. But it is those individuals who we do not talk about—our parents, our families—who come to this country, who provided the stability for others. It is why we are so concerned about the temporary protective status of Haitians—the 50,000 Haitians who are hardworking Haitians in this country, who are being sent back, who are now here working hard and sending so much money back that is the backbone of the economy of Haiti, who we cannot let go back because that country will collapse with them, leaving this country, and being good citizens—as much as they can be citizens—yearning for the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, Mr. MEEKS represents Queens, which is one of the backbones of Caribbean Americans. He is my parents’ Congressman. The gentleman has been so good to the people that he represents as well as all the American people. The gentleman sits on the Committee on Financial Services. He also 
sits as a member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, where he advocates and speaks for those individuals who cannot speak for themselves. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ). Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative PLASKETT for leading this Special Order on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus. It is extremely important that we first thank our Caribbean brothers and sisters, as my sister YVETTE CLARKE so eloquently stated, the history of so many individuals that have made substantial contributions to make this a more perfect union, who, but for their labor and hard work, we would not be the country that we are. But also as Representative PLASKETT  has indicated, when I think about the average, everyday person who came across to America from the Caribbean Islands—the schoolteachers, the plumbers, the lawyers, the doctors, the sanitation workers, and the individuals that come even just to cut grass—when you think about the contributions, what they have committed is those individuals have raised children who become Members of Congress, like STACEY PLASKETT and Y VETTE CLARKE , who continued that tradition of making this a much better place to live for all Americans, a shining example of what this great Nation is when it is so inclusive. YVETTE CLARKE talked about Alexander Hamilton and the contributions that were made from the very beginning. But when you look at that and when you think of who we are and the hemisphere that we share—you see, the Caribbean Islands are the same hemisphere, and we have to make sure that we are together in lockstep. We can never forget that, when America catches a cold, many individuals in the Caribbean now get pneumonia. So as a result of understanding the contributions that they have made in this country, and continue to make, we are really one on the same continent and we are only as strong as we are together. b2030 And so we would have to stop and think of our brothers and sisters from the Caribbean and those who are still living there as just places that we go visit for tourism and vacation. Yes, we want to make sure that we do visit there to strengthen those economies, but we want to also make sure that, as a government, as a people, we are also doing the appropriate investments there in their infrastructure, because it only helps us here in the United States of America. We are only as strong as we can be together. E pluribus unum, from many one, that is what this Nation is supposed to be, and I think that we have come a long way to accomplish it, which brings me to the second phase of what I want to talk about this evening, because this is not supposed to be a system of the haves versus the have nots. It should not be where we have a reverse Robin Hood syndrome where you are taking from the poor to give to the rich. No, that is not the Nation that we want this country to be. In fact, people fled from a king who was wealthy and didn’t care about the poor. So here we are now as a nation, when the most important thing to anybody is health, because if you don’t have health, you don’t have anything. I don’t care whether you are Black or White, whether you come from the East or the West or the North or the South—health. The one thing that we have in common, everyone, is that we are human beings. And one thing that we know for sure, humans’ bodies, at times, break down. So, yes, if you are young and healthy, and, yes, if you are wealthy, then maybe this bill that they are looking at on the Senate side is for you. But if you are young and healthy today, believe me, tomorrow you won’t be young if you are lucky. And believe me, the human body gets sick. And when that happens, the question is: Will you have the ability to access the healthcare that you need to keep you healthy? Well, under this bill, based upon the American Medical Association, hospitals, AARP, you can go to almost any health provider, they will tell you that, no. 22 million Americans, as the CBO score showed, would lose their access to healthcare, and many of those are in the middle, the middle class. They talk about healthcare. We are not just talking about healthcare; we are talking about adequate health coverage so that when you are sick, you can go to a doctor and receive the care that you need and know that you are covered, because my Republican colleagues have forgotten where we were before the Affordable Care Act. You see, before the Affordable Care Act, more Americans were going bankrupt in trying to stay alive, for healthcare. These are middle class, hardworking, everyday individuals who thought they had coverage. But when they were sick, they went to the doctor, then they found out that what they thought they were covered for, they were not, and so they had to take out loans and remortgage and refinance their homes, give up everything that they had to try to stay healthy and alive. We don’t want to go back there. Before the Affordable Care Act, we were not talking about making sure that those individuals with preexisting diseases were covered. If you listen to my Republican colleagues, they will tell you that the Affordable Care Act is the worst thing in the world. But before the Affordable Care Act, we weren’t talking about children being able to stay on their parents’ health insurance until they were 27 years old. Yes, indeed, before the Affordable Care Act, many seniors saw their coverage capped, and, after a certain amount of payout, they had to come out of their pockets, which were not deep, and just hang in there with their families and suffer and go bankrupt. So what we are talking about now is saving the lives of individuals. I want to thank my friend and sister from the Virgin Islands for leading this for the Congressional Black Caucus, because the camera of history is rolling and it is recording, and it will record her and the members of the Congressional Black Caucus standing on the right side of history. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands has 21⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. PLASKETT. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ), and I will close out after that. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, Republicans have said they want a healthcare system that cuts costs and covers more Americans, yet their bill does no such thing. Last week, Republican leadership in the Senate unveiled their draft healthcare bill. Their bill makes extreme cuts to the Federal Medicaid program and doubles down on the President’s vow to repeal the Affordable Care Act. The nonpartisan CBO came out and said that 22 million Americans stand to lose health coverage. Their bill does nothing but further harms the communities and threatens the livelihood of neighborhoods nationwide. The healthcare debate in our country should be about increasing funding, promoting prevention, protecting and enhancing the quality of life for each and every person in Philadelphia, the Commonwealth, and our Nation. What do we have to lose? We have a lot to lose. We are talking about the lives of 22 million Americans who stand to lose their healthcare. The numbers do not lie. These are our veterans, our seniors, our students, and our children. We cannot turn a blind eye. The livelihood of our neighborhoods depends on our commitment to stop this disastrous bill from becoming law. There is a lot at stake, and our neighbors have too much to lose if we turn a blind eye. We have heard from all of our colleagues tonight that clearly this is going in the wrong direction. And we, members of the Congressional Black Caucus, stand together to fight this horrible bill. One last thing I want to say to my colleague on Caribbean Americans. June is Caribbean American Heritage Month, and I think the most of my colleague. I have learned a lot from watching her in action. She has that spirit and that drive as a Caribbean American. She has helped shape and strengthen the fabric of our communities. I thank the congresswoman publicly for all that she has done as a great Caribbean American in this body. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in celebration of Caribbean American Heritage Month. In June 2005, the House of Representatives adopted H. Con. Res. 71, recognizing the significance of the Caribbean people. In February 2006, the resolution passed in the Senate, and was signed by President George W. Bush in June 2006. Since the declaration, the United States has celebrated June as Caribbean American heritage month every June, this year marks the twelfth anniversary. Approximately 3 million people in America can trace their ancestry to the Caribbean. Historically, AfricanCaribbean migration to the United States can be traced back to the 17th century during British colonial slavery. While enslaved Africans imported from the Caribbean decreased after revolts in the 1700s, Caribbean immigration grew in the mid1800s. After World War II, Caribbean immigration boomed during periods of economic growth. Between 1960 and 2009, the number of Caribbean immigrants grew from 190,000 to 2 million. Caribbean Americans have contributed the fabric of our society, bringing a unique and vibrant culture to mesh with that of America’s. Just to name a few, Colin Powell, Eric Holder, Cicely Tyson, and Lenny Kravitz are all Caribbean Americans. I urge my fellow members of Congress to commemorate this month as National Caribbean American Heritage Month. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. LUCAS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a medical procedure. Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through June 29 on account of spouse health situation in California. 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 39 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, June 27, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESIDENT COMMISSIONER, AND DELEGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Members of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: KAREN C. H ANDEL , Sixth District of Georgia. RALPH NORMAN , Fifth District of South Carolina. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1684. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to provide technical assistance to common interest communities regarding eligibility for disaster assistance, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–193). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2518. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–194). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 3053. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. CORREA ): H.R. 3054. A bill to provide an amnesty period during which veterans and their family members can register certain firearms in the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and Mr. CARTER of Georgia): H.R. 3055. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to prohibit the preemption of State identity theft laws; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and Mr. CARTER of Georgia): H.R. 3056. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to prohibit the preemption of State stalking laws; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. RASKIN , and Mr. K HANNA ): 
H.R. 3057. A bill to establish the use of ranked choice voting in elections for Representatives in Congress, to require each State with more than one Representative to establish multimember Congressional districts, to require States to conduct Congressional redistricting through independent commissions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CLAY (for himself and Mrs. WAGNER ): H.R. 3058. A bill to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. E VANS , Ms. L EE, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. MOORE , Mr. C LAY, Ms. NORTON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. RICHMOND , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Ms. ADAMS ): H.R. 3059. A bill to provide funding for Federally Qualified Health Centers, the National Health Service Corps, Teaching Health Centers, and the Nurse Practitioner Residency Training program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. CLYBURN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. BEYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. E VANS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. HASTINGS , and Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN ): H.R. 3060. A bill to require that States and localities receiving grants under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program require law enforcement officers to undergo training on and thereafter employ deescalation techniques to assist in reducing the need for the use of force by such officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. SA´NCHEZ ): H.R. 3061. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow employers a credit against income tax for employees who participate in qualified apprenticeship programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 3062. A bill to require the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to consider the aircraft registry office in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as excepted during a Government shutdown or emergency (as it provides excepted services) to ensure that it remains open during any Government shutdown or emergency; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. H OYER , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. T AYLOR , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. BEYER ): H.R. 3063. A bill to amend the Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998 to reauthorize the Chesapeake Bay Gateways and Watertrails Network; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. KEATING , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H. Con. Res. 66. Concurrent resolution expressing support for the designation of June 21 as National ASK (Asking Saves Kids) Day to promote children’s health and gun safety; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. BEYER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. L EE, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. SINEMA , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. PETERS , Mr. H IMES, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. HECK, Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. KIND, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. MCEACHIN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. RUSH, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. LEVIN, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. KILMER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. COHEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. MOORE , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. KEATING , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. SIRES, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. BONAMICI , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mrs. TORRES ): H. Res. 405. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June 26 as ‘‘LGBT Equality Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. TSONGAS ): H. Res. 406. A resolution recognizing the importance of public park and recreation facilities and activities and expressing support for the designation of the month of July as ‘‘Park and Recreation Month’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. GARRETT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. GAETZ , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. FASO, Mr. D UNN, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. TIPTON , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. SIMPSON ): H. Res. 407. A resolution condemning the persecution of Christians around the world; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Ms. MATSUI , and Mr. C OLE): H. Res. 408. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Smithsonian Folklife Festival; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 409. A resolution recognizing and commending Lunchtime Music on the Mall and its performers and partners for benefitting the District of Columbia and regional residents as well as visitors to the Nation’s capital; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 3053. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 3054. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitution of the United States Article I, Section 8 and Amendment II By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 3055. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 3056. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 3057. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments. 
By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 3058. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 3059. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the US Constitution By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 3060. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constittution of the United States of America By Mr. REED: H.R. 3061. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 3062. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 3063. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 66: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 123: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 233: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 281: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 289: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 344: Mr. FASO. H.R. 358; Mr. HARPER and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . H.R. 367: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 449: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 468: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 490: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 525: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 664: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 669: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 685: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 721: Ms. ADAMS , Mr. C OMER , Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 731: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 747: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Mr. F LORES. H.R. 750: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 754: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 807: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 816: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 828: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 846: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. BRADY of Texas. H.R. 873: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M AST, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 909: Mr. REED. HR. 927: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 930: Mr. PEARCE , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. MAST, Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 947: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 986: Ms. FOXX. H.R. 995: Mr. ROYCE of California. H.R. 997: Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 1017: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. MOORE , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1057: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 1059: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 1090: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 1094: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 1116: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. MESSER , and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 1120: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1146: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1148: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 1155: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1164: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 1171: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico and Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 1173: Mr. KIND. H.R. 1222: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1245: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1269: Mr. DENHAM , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. BERA. H.R. 1276: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1291: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 1316: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1359: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1384: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1405: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 1421: Mr. KINDand Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1441: Mr. BACON . H.R. 1444: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 1447: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 1456: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. E STES of Kan sas, Ms. TITUS, and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1491: Mr. NUNES . H.R. 1494: Ms. MENG, Mr. O LSON , Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. B UDD, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. BEATTY , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali fornia. H.R. 1552: Mr. LABRADOR and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1575: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1606: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. WESTERMAN , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1626: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 1629: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1666: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R, 1731: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 1733: Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 1734: Mr. CICILLINE and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 1757: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H:R. 1759: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 1777: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 1828: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 1841: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 1847: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 1861: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 1864: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 1899: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1905: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1928: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. WOMACK , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1953: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1955: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 2013: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 2054: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 2059: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 2061: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2149: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 2225: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2240: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 2273: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 2315: Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2345: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis sissippi, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. ROSEN , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 2358: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2366: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 2379: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2394: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 2404: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 2428: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2435: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 2472: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 2478: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2482: Mr. FASOand Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 2499: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2501: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 2519: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 2544: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. B OST. H.R. 2550: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 2556: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 2584: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 2587: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2589: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 2598: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 2651: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2658: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. MCCAUL, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2659: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2664: Mrs. WALORSKI , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2690: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 2695: Ms. MENG, Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2696: Mr. BROWN of Maryland and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2703: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2740: Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. HANABUSA and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 2790: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2809: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 2838: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 2862: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 2870: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2875: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 2879: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 2902: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2909: Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and Mr. BACON . H.R. 2913: Mr. HECK, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2918: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. R OSS, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi. H.R. 2919: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 2944: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 2946: Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. ABRAHAM , and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 2968: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3003: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 3004: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. BACON , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. ZELDIN Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 3026: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3033: Mr. TAYLOR . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. ROKITA . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. COHEN . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali fornia, Mr. AGUILAR , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, and Mr. DESAULNIER . H. Con. Res. 47: Mr. JEFFRIES . H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. DELAURO . H. Con. Res. 64: Ms. NORTON , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, and Mr. D ONOVAN . H. Con. Res, 65: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 185: Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 218: Mr. Z ELDIN . H. Res. 257: Mr. KEATING and Mr. R ASKIN . H. Res, 274: Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mrs. WAGNER . H. Res. 279: Mr. DUFFY . H. Res, 286: Mr. JEFFRIES . H. Res. 307: Mr. BRAT. H. Res. 317: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. ZELDIN . H. Res. 351: Mr. FASO. H. Res. 359: Mrs. LOWEY . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 3003 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 3004 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. A BRAHAM and Mr. E STES of Kansas. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3743 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 2017 No. 109 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by 