Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. GARAMENDI led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 3, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 3, 2017, at 8:11 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to without amend-ment H.J. Res. 41. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, Randi Weingarten of the American Federa-tion of Teachers spoke recently on val-uing the input of parents in building great public schools, but the actions of one AFT affiliate stand in stark con-trast to that vision. As Chicago resident Michael Hendershot explained in The Wall Street Journal, his daughter’s elemen-tary school was forced to lay off its li-brarian last year. Fortunately, parents stepped up and volunteered their time to keep the library open. Unfortu-nately, the Chicago Teachers Union shut down the parents’ plan and the li-brary along with it. It seems anything that weakens union control over the school must be stopped, even if it de-nies students access to their library. How shameful. If we want to build great public schools, then we must work with par-ents, not against them. So let’s work together—Congress, the new adminis-tration, and the American public—to empower parents and help all children receive an excellent education. f 
MORE FLOOD PROTECTION NEEDED ACROSS THE COUNTRY (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, feast or famine. California, for 5 years, had a water famine, and now we have a feast. I want to shout out to the Army Corps of Engineers, to the local flood control districts in my district, in Sac-ramento, the Sutter Butte District I share with Mr. L
AMALFA , and also other flood control districts. Despite the heavy water flows, the levees have held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.000 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH950 February 3, 2017 
I ask all of my colleagues here in the House and over in the Senate to keep in mind that we need more flood pro-tection all across this Nation; other-wise, there will be great suffering. 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week many people and leaders from the USA and all around the world con-verged on Washington, D.C., for the Na-tional Prayer Breakfast. Its tradition started 65 years ago under President Eisenhower and with partners in the Congress to take a lit-tle time to come together as leaders and a people in prayer and fellowship. It is a bipartisan effort—indeed, ideal-ly, a nonpartisan coming together. Some might say a bunch of politicians coming together, well, but some very powerful testimonies come from this time together. This year, from right here in this building, Senate Chaplain Barry Black, who also served as a Navy admiral, gave a strong message on the power of prayer, that our prayers are, indeed, heard in Heaven. Two years ago, an amazing, humble, personal testimony delivered by NASCAR race driver Darrell Waltrip had everyone talking later. I would recommend anyone to find this video and enjoy that moving personal mes-sage of the lows and the highs, the lows and the highs of fame and celebrity and that you need God in your life. This can also happen, and does, in local communities as tens of thousands of prayer breakfasts happen on the Na-tional Day of Prayer, which this year will be May 4, as it is always the first Thursday of May, as proclaimed by President Reagan. I urge you as Americans, if you don’t have one in your community, start one. If you do have one, please partici-pate. 
f 
MUSLIM BAN IS AGAINST OUR FUNDAMENTAL VALUES (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against President Trump’s Muslim ban, an executive order that emboldens our enemies, un-dermines our alliances, and offends our American values. This ban has, among other things, blocked visas for inter-preters from the Middle East, people who risk their lives to save American lives. When I was deployed to Afghanistan as an intelligence officer, I worked with many interpreters; and at first, I realized they not only provided accu-rate information, they kept us safe. As time went along and I got to know them, what I came to realize is that they were the ones who were unsafe. They were the ones who were risking their lives to save our lives. When I got to know them, I would ask them: Why are you taking this risk? Why are you doing this? And the reason they gave me was similar to the one my grandfather gave me, my Italian immigrant grandfather, as to why he came here to America back in 1921, and that is they came here to give their children a better life. Mr. Speaker, to me, that is the defi-nition of the American Dream. Presi-dent Trump’s executive order not only makes us unsafe, it is against our fun-damental values. If people are willing to take risks to live the American Dream, we don’t stop them; we wel-come them. That is why my family is here. That is why I am here. f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN HALLIBURTON (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a stalwart public servant. Dan Halliburton started his public service career as a law en-forcement officer, eventually retiring in 2009 from the Ohio State Highway Patrol with over 32 years of service. But he didn’t stop there. He felt the call to serve more, and in 2010, Dan joined my team, tasked with rep-resenting the largest geographical and most rural district in the State of Ohio. Very quickly, Dan distinguished him-self as a man of and for the people. He expertly managed my transportation so that we could be out amongst the people I represent. He built lasting re-lationships with local elected officials, law enforcement, and business owners. But what set Dan apart, was his gen-uine care and concern for the people of Appalachia. It was reflected in the high level of service he provided them. So on behalf of the hardworking peo-ple of eastern and southeastern Ohio, Godspeed to Dan Halliburton and his family as he begins his well-deserved retirement. 
f 
GI INTERNSHIP PROGRAM ACT (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, too many of our veterans struggle to find a job despite their unique leadership abilities and proven skill sets. At the same time, I hear from small businesses that our economy skills gap is widening. Manufacturers want to hire, but positions sit unfilled because they cannot find qualified workers. That is why I am proud to introduce, this week, the GI Internship Program Act. The bill brings together these two sides, veterans and our small busi-nesses, to bridge the skills gap and ex-pand the job opportunities available to those who served our Nation. Since 1944, we have committed to providing our returning military men and women a quality education, but not every lesson is best learned in the classroom. This legislation allows vet-erans to receive their post-9/11 GI Bill benefit as a stipend while participating in a qualifying 6-month to 1-year in-ternship or apprenticeship, at no addi-tional cost to taxpayers. I am proud to introduce this bipar-tisan bill with my colleague from Flor-ida, Congressman TEDYOHO. I encour-age our colleagues to join us in support of our veterans and manufacturers on this win-win commonsense legislation. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SERGEANT FIRST CLASS SEAN COOLEY (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I am humbled to rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class Sean Cooley. Sean was my friend, and on this day in 2005, he paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect our country. It was a privi-lege to serve with him during our de-ployment to Iraq and Operation Iraqi Freedom III. SFC Cooley was assigned to the Mis-sissippi Army National Guard’s Com-pany B, 150th Combat Engineer Bat-talion, headquartered in Lucedale, Mis-sissippi. SFC Cooley gave his life when an IED detonated near him on February 3, 2005, while on a combat mission in the Babil province, Iraq. SFC Cooley was the first 155th soldier from the Dixie Thunder Brigade to sacrifice his life in Iraq and was the 21st soldier with Mis-sissippi ties to die in the war on terror. SFC Cooley followed in the footsteps of both of his grandfathers by serving in the U.S. Navy. He joined the Seabees in 1991 and later joined the Mississippi National Guard in 1997. SFC Cooley was a platoon sergeant in B Company, 150th Engineer Battalion of the 155th Brigade Combat team that included 3,500 Mississippians. SFC Cooley was a great NCO, a great leader, and a great soldier, both on and off the battlefield. While serving in the Mississippi Guard, SFC Cooley obtained a degree in nursing and became an RN in 1996. His commitment to care for the needs of others will always be remembered, as remembered by Lieutenant Colonel Robinson, his commander, who said he was sick and down at one time during a training incident, and SFC Cooley gave him both medicine and water and made sure that he took care of him. SFC Cooley will forever be remembered for his random acts of kindness. Sergeant First Class Cooley’s moth-er, Kathryn, says her husband, Jerry; their son, Patrick; and Sergeant First Class Cooley’s wife, Laura, could not be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.002 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H951 February 3, 2017 
more proud of his devotion to the mili-tary service and this Nation. Sean Cooley embodied the character-istics that made him a great leader, soldier, and American. 
f 
OPPOSING THE BAN ON REFUGEES (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposi-tion to President Trump’s ban on the entry of refugees from around the world as well as the ban on refugees and citizens from seven select coun-tries. This ban, whether temporary or not, is shameful, and wholly un-American. There are better ways to protect our Nation, ways that are effective and stay true to our American values. For example, in the 1970s and 1980s, thousands of my constituents fled the horrors of war and genocide in Vietnam and in Cambodia as refugees. Today, these immigrants and their children are doctors, lawyers, teachers, parents, students, all integral to the success of our Nation. America has long endured as the shining beacon on the Hill. Sadly, that light was dimmed by the President’s immigration executive order. Our Na-tion is great because it has been built by refugees and immigrants from every part of the world. 
f 
b0915 REMEMBERING EMILY HART (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to remember Mrs. Emily Hart, who passed away on Monday, January, 23, 2017. She was 82 years of age. Mrs. Hart was born in 1934 to her par-ents, Emily and Edwin Tribble, in Washington, D.C., where her father worked as an editor of the old Wash-ington Star newspaper for nearly 40 years. She spent her early education in Washington, D.C., before she moved on to Vassar College in New York City, where she studied political science. No matter where she was, Mrs. Hart dedicated her time and energy to bettering the community. In Wash-ington, she was a proud member of the National Cathedral Foundation and the National Preservation Historical Soci-ety. In St. Simons, she joined the Coastal Georgia Historical Society; was a devout member of the Christ Church Frederica; and worked with the St. Simons Land Trust, which works to preserve the island’s natural beauty and improve the quality of life in the community. Although she was always aiding the community, her greatest joy came from her family, which included her husband—retired U.S. Marine Colonel Nick Hart—her three children, and her seven grandchildren. Her sharp wit, passion for learning, and detailed stories of the past are what will be remembered most dearly. I express my condolences to Mrs. Hart’s family for their loss. She will be missed. f 
SUPPORT SCIENCE FUNDING (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken on the House floor on specific science topics ranging from twin primes to measuring atmospheric car-bon. Modern society depends on science. Farmers are able to feed much of the world’s current population be-cause of science. Without science, we would further strip our forests and pol-lute even more of our precious water supplies; and our Nation has the strongest military in the world because of science. But science allows for far more than just furthering our survival as it provides leisure, communications, and all things Internet. Today we depend on the science of yesterday, and, tomorrow, society will depend on the science of today. If we care about the short- and long-term fu-ture, then we need to support scientific research. We need to encourage col-laboration with the scientists of other nations; we need an open and competi-tive science environment; and we need to make sure that all Americans have a basic understanding of science. Science is a part of our Nation’s crit-ical infrastructure, and I ask my col-leagues to continue to support science funding to keep America great. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A FINAL RULE OF THE BUREAU OF LAND MAN-AGEMENT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 74, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 36) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bu-reau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conserva-tion’’, and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 74, the joint resolution is consid-ered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 36 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Pre-vention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’ (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 83008 (November 18, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on H.J. Res. 36. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. For the last decade, there has been an ongoing renaissance in the United States in energy production. It has changed our geopolitics; our economy has been strengthened; our security has been enhanced; and there have been thousands of new, good-paying jobs that have been created from it. This energy boom, according to a 2015 sur-vey, has saved the American family around $1,000 a year, and this growth of the last decade has come in spite of consistent anti-energy policies of the previous administration’s. It has espe-cially hit those of us in the West very hard—those who are public land States in the West—who use our resources to fund our infrastructure and to pay for our schools and our essential govern-ment services. This rule, which is allegedly to help the environment, actually is designed to stop production; therefore, it be-comes a prime candidate for a repeal under the Congressional Review Act, which was passed into law in 1996 and signed by President Clinton. At that time, Clinton said that this was a great way for Congress to be held account-able, and it truly is in that any rule is subject to this rule if it has one of three criteria: one, excessive costs; two, it was done beyond the particular agency’s statutory authority; or, three, it is duplicative or unnecessary or re-dundant. With this particular rule, we have the trifecta because it is not just one of those criteria—it offends all of those criteria. The Clean Air Act gives the Environ-mental Protection Agency, in its work-ing with States, the authority to de-velop issues and regulations that ad-dress air quality. The Bureau of Land Management does not, and they are the ones who instituted this particular rule. In fact, the contortions the BLM went through to say they have the legal authority is almost embarrassing. The contortions they went through would qualify for an opening act on the Las Vegas Strip. Instead, it reminds us of when the BLM came up with the hy-draulic fracturing rule only for them to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.004 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH952 February 3, 2017 
be rebuked by the courts for simply doing what they did outside their dele-gated authority. This is the same thing. This is an il-legal rule, and it is a costly one. Our effort to educate our children, to build infrastructure, to provide essential government services—in other words, to make people’s lives better—depends on our ability to deal with our re-sources. This is a costly rule. On Fri-day, it was estimated by one source that it could cost the industry up to $20 billion; it was estimated to cost States up to $6 billion; and it was estimated to cost the Federal Government in lost royalties up to $600 million a year. It is a costly rule and is a totally unneces-sary rule. Without this rule, the American en-ergy industry will continue to do what they have done for well over a decade— reduce methane emissions on their own by investing in technology that not only helps the environment, but that helps them grow their business, which will lead to more jobs for Americans and more funding for State education programs and infrastructure. Since 2005, methane emissions have actually decreased even as production has in-creased, and there is absolutely no rea-son to believe that this progress will suddenly stop because we strike this unnecessary rule, this illegal rule, this totally redundant rule. There are some who will say: Well, we need this rule to protect the tax-payers because we are burning up the royalty payments. Oh, really? If one looks at the BLM’s actions—their management on sage- grouse, their lease cancellations, pull-ing acreage out of lease sales at the last minute, their constant barrage of revenue-reducing agency actions—you will realize that saving taxpayers money is not the real goal here. Look, there are only three things you can do with the methane. You can build pipelines to capture it and take it away where it can be used for the ben-efit of mankind. Unfortunately, the agencies in the last administration re-fused to do that. Even though, legally, they had to make decisions on pipe-lines within 60 days, there is not a sin-gle BLM office anywhere in the Nation that was meeting that legal deadline. Instead, it was open for months after-wards when nothing was happening. If you can’t have the pipelines to move it away, you have to burn it. So, if they won’t give the pipelines and if now they are trying to stop the burning of it, the only other option is not to drill at all. Our policy should be to fund and make sure those pipelines and those rights of ways are approved so that we can actually capture the methane and use it for productive purposes. Unfortu-nately, this rule’s real goal is to do the third element—simply stop the produc-tion. That is counterproductive. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution because it will help people and it will support people. This rule’s repeal is a vote for people and making sure that their lives are better, not worse. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in strong opposition to this res-olution, which would waste resources, waste money, pollute our air, and wors-en the impacts of climate change. When it comes to regulations that we should keep on the books, the BLM Methane Waste Prevention Rule is a no-brainer. Currently, oil and gas com-panies are venting, flaring, or leaking hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of natural gas each and every year. People who are sitting at home may wonder: Why would a company simply waste or burn off such a valuable re-source? The answer is simple: They want the oil, and they want it now. To them, the natural gas that goes along with the oil is just a nuisance; so they burn it off or they don’t make the effort that is required to ensure that their equip-ment isn’t leaking. The problem is, when they are oper-ating on public lands, this isn’t their natural gas to waste. They cannot waste this. This belongs to the Amer-ican people. So when that gas is simply burned off or is allowed to escape, the royalties that are owed to the Amer-ican people are gone with the wind; and instead of generating electricity or heating our homes, this wasted re-source generates pollution and heats our planet. For people who live near oil and gas wells, this is not just a climate prob-lem. Methane contributes to low-level ozone, which causes a number of health problems, such as shortness of breath, more frequent asthma attacks, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. When the methane leaks, you also get leaks of benzene, which is a known car-cinogen, and of other volatile organic chemicals that further contribute to ozone and smog and can contribute to liver and kidney damage, nausea, and other health problems. Now, my colleagues on the other side say that this is exactly the problem— the Bureau of Land Management is try-ing to regulate air pollution, and that is the job of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. The fact is, though, that the Bureau of Land Management has very clearly written a waste prevention rule, as they are authorized and re-quired. I will state that again—as they are authorized and required to do under the Mineral Leasing Act. Section 30 of the Mineral Leasing Act reads: 
Each lease shall contain provisions for the purpose of insuring the exercise of reason-able diligence, skill, and care in the oper-ation of said property; a provision that such rules for the safety and welfare of the miners and for the prevention of undue waste as may be prescribed by said Secretary shall be observed. 
The BLM simply did its job by writ-ing this rule, and now that they have done the job that Congress required of them, the majority is attempting to argue that Congress never gave the BLM that job in the first place. If you look at the statute, that claim is clear-ly an alternative fact. Just because preventing the waste of methane helps keep our air clean and moderates the severity of climate change, it doesn’t mean the BLM is doing anything out-side of their authority. The BLM is not regulating the quality of the air around oil and gas sites. It is just try-ing to make sure that methane stays out of the atmosphere and gets into the marketplace. Another argument you have heard from the majority is that this is an ef-fort to shut down oil and gas produc-tion on Federal lands. It is just another salvo in their war, which they claim is the Obama war on energy, except that that is simply not true. I am almost tired of having to say this, but the pro-duction of Federal onshore oil went up, not a little bit—it went way up under President Obama—but by 71 percent, as a matter of fact, between 2009 and 2015. Now, would this Methane Waste Pre-vention Rule hurt production? Would it drive operators off Federal lands? To answer that, let’s just take a look at one of our States—Colorado, which, in early 2014, enacted methane venting and flaring regulations that the BLM used as a model in writing its own rule. I want to state this really clearly: after Colorado enacted their methane regu-lations, their production went up 47 percent from 2013 to 2014 and another 32 percent in 2015. Colorado’s oil produc-tion from Federal lands has been up 28 percent over the past 5 years also. Clearly, strong methane waste regu-lations do not scare away oil and gas companies. What about the claim that companies have to burn off natural gas because the BLM takes too long to process pipeline applications? If we look at a recent report from the Government Accountability Office just from last year, they found that only 9 percent of flaring was due to the lack of pipelines and that 91 percent had nothing to do with pipelines. b0930 How about the point that is made at the oil and gas companies’ insistence that they are making great strides in reducing their own methane emissions so they don’t need additional over-sight? Members, that is a myth as well. Oil and gas producers in the field emitted 45 percent more methane in 2014 than they did in 1990. In fact, methane emis-sions from oil and gas producers went up 21 percent in the past 24 years. The majority also says this is a power grab, an effort by BLM to take power away from the States, except that the BLM has regulated venting and flaring since the Carter adminis-tration. And this has not stopped States from setting their own regula-tions, as I have just said that Colorado 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.006 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H953 February 3, 2017 
has done, which they will still be free to do under this rule. In fact, despite all the complaints about one-size-fits- all regulations, companies still have to follow State regulations when they op-erate on Federal land. Mr. Speaker, none of these argu-ments against the regulation hold any water, but the benefits of this regula-tion would be huge: enough gas saved to supply up to 740,000 households each year; the reduction of an estimated 185,000 tons of methane emissions, which would have the same impact as taking nearly 1 million cars off the road; and up to $14 million each year to the American taxpayer from additional royalties, and that number could be even larger if the price of natural gas increases, which the majority is trying to do by expediting natural gas ex-ports. The BLM methane waste prevention rule is a win for the taxpayer, a win for the environment, a win for the climate, and a win for common sense. That is why it is supported by over 80 percent of voters in Western States, including both Democrats and Republicans, ac-cording to a poll just released this week. If my colleagues have not seen that poll, I would be happy to share it with them. Unfortunately, the Republican antiregulatory, antitaxpayer, antihealth, antienvironment machine must be continually fed. Earlier this week, they voted to strip clean water and transparency regulations. Today, they are going after clean air. I ask my colleagues to stand up and put a stop to this, to speak for the or-dinary Americans who don’t own oil and gas or coal companies, which those companies donate immense sums of money to politicians. The industry has to do its share and not simply demand that the farmers, the ranchers, the sportsmen, the conservationists, and all the rest of us have to put up with their waste in the name of higher prof-its. I ask my colleagues to do this by voting ‘‘no’’ on H.J. Res. 36. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), who knows exactly what this means to his State and his State’s economy. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, New Mex-ico gets 40 percent of its State’s reve-nues from oil and gas, that is, 40 per-cent of our teachers’ pay, 40 percent of our government institutions, law en-forcement, hospitals—40 percent. So when the Federal Government begins to adjust the rules, we in New Mexico take an interest because it provides our jobs and it provides the way we educate our children. Now, we have two points of view being postulated on this argument na-tionwide. One says that the govern-ment is suddenly becoming the model of efficiency. I wonder where that effi-ciency is with regard to the $200 billion of fraud in Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. The government hasn’t suddenly gotten efficient about that. Or just your local post office, has it suddenly gotten efficient about that? Or you could listen to the argument that the government is suddenly inter-ested in the environment and we are going to make it clean. The BLM did not say a word when the Gold King Mine spill not only was allowed, but mandated to be turned loose by the EPA. The heavy metals ran down across those public lands and currently sit in the streambeds in New Mexico, and our friends say that the government is suddenly all worried about the environment. When you look specifically at the venting and flaring rule, we are told that oil and gas production went up dramatically in the last years. The truth is, when you dissect it down, oil and gas production on private lands went up dramatically. Oil and gas on public lands, the government lands owned by the BLM and other agencies, went down dramatically. So when the BLM decided to go in and control the venting and flaring of gasses, then we in New Mexico looked and said, is the government suddenly being more concerned about us or is it one more wink and nod to the special interests who want to kill the indus-tries? They have already succeeding in killing the timber industry in this country. They have the coal industry on its back, and they want to kill the oil and gas industry that provides the jobs in New Mexico. Yes, we have an opinion about that. Oil and gas production, again, educates our kids. Oil and gas production pro-vides our jobs. It provides the way of life that we in this country are looking for. We contribute heavily to that, but we don’t stand silently when the gov-ernment suddenly decides our best in-terests are at stake. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, we could go through all of the examples. The truth is many reports say that over three-quarters of the marginal wells— those are the ones in New Mexico; we have the stripper wells, the marginal wells—will be shut in by this action. You are going to take money away from our State government. You are going to take jobs away from the peo-ple. I support the resolution. We should back this regulation off, cut the red tape that is starving America’s jobs out of this country. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this resolution and efforts to roll back important pro-tections for not only our environment, but for American taxpayers. Our Nation’s public lands belong to all Americans, and they are managed to balance many competing uses: recre-ation; responsible economic develop-ment; sustainable resource extraction; yes, renewable energy; military pur-poses; and conservation of historic American landscapes, just to name a few. As such, they should be subject to strong national standards that protect our shared water, shared lands, wild-life, and the multiple uses they sup-port. It is also critical to remember that use of our public lands is a privilege, not a right; and companies seeking to exercise that privilege, whether they be fossil fuel companies or clean en-ergy companies developing wind, solar, and geothermal projects, should be held to a very high standard to pre-serve and protect resources that belong to all of the American people. We must also make sure that the tax-payers get a fair return for the use and development of our commonly shared resources. The Mineral Leasing Act, as written by Congress, calls upon the Secretary of the Interior to prevent the waste of oil and gas resources on public lands. The Bureau of Land Management’s methane waste rule achieves all of these shared goals: the rule prevents the waste of resources that belong to all American people, which, by law, it is required to do; it reduces the amount of greenhouse gas pollution coming off our public lands; and it increases roy-alty payments to Federal taxpayers and the States. The methane waste rule also sup-ports job creation and American inno-vation in new technologies. The meth-ane mitigation industry is a growing and emerging field that uses modern technologies to identify and capture wasteful emissions. In fact, a 2014 re-port commissioned by the Environ-mental Defense Fund found that meth-ane mitigation companies provide jobs in 46 States and support 102 manufac-turing and assembly locations, with 59 percent of all companies across the in-dustry being small businesses. If Republicans had brought this reso-lution before the House Natural Re-sources Committee, we could have more thoroughly examined its negative impacts on job creation. Instead, it was rushed to the House floor with only this 1 hour of debate. I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, perhaps no aspect of America’s economy has been as overregulated as energy under the Obama administration; so this week, the House has already acted to repeal two of the most damaging en-ergy regulations. This morning we continue the fight to reduce the unnecessary regulatory costs that are passed along to all Americans by repealing the Bureau of Land Management’s venting and flar-ing rule. Some estimates show that this rule could inflict staggering costs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.008 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH954 February 3, 2017 
of $1.26 billion on national, State, and local economies, while generating less than $4 million in new royalties. In addition, the legal basis for this rule is tenuous at best. The Clean Air Act authorizes the EPA, not BLM, working in conjunction with States, to make rules affecting air quality. The BLM’s venting and flaring rule’s extreme compliance cost will force many companies to shut in their wells rather than to continue to operate them. This will be particularly true for marginal wells that are often run by family-owned businesses. And beyond the loss of jobs in Colo-rado and elsewhere, State and Federal Governments would lose up to $114 mil-lion in tax receipts. This is money that States like Colorado depend on for funding education and other critical services. The increase in natural gas produc-tion is to the benefit of everyday Americans. The U.S. energy boom saved drivers $550 in fuel costs each year and saved American households over $1,000 last year alone. Affordable, environmentally respon-sible energy development is critical to the U.S. economy, but this rule is a needless burden on American families. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting the joint resolution of dis-approval. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I want to be very clear about the sit-uation on public lands because there are a lot of misleading statements that are being thrown about. We heard that the majority insists that oil and gas production on Federal lands is down. To support this, they often show mis-leading charts that compare apples to oranges or use visual tricks to hide the facts. The facts are Federal onshore oil pro-duction was up 71 percent between 2009 and 2015. All the panic that we have heard for years that President Obama is trying to shut down oil and gas was based on as much reality as the claim that he was coming to get everyone’s guns. I will say it again: there was a 71 per-cent increase in oil production on on-shore Federal lands under President Obama’s watch. And it is the oil pro-ducers that are wasting and leaking methane at a faster and faster rate since it is not a product they care about. They just want the oil. With an unfortunate likely return to a drill-at-all-cost mentality under President Trump, we need the BLM methane waste prevention rule more than ever. I urge my colleagues to de-feat H.J. Res. 36 and support cutting down on methane waste. I reserve the balance of my time. b0945 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), who also under-stands this issue because it is part of the livelihood of his constituency. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I know I, and many of my colleagues, share con-cern about a Federal regulatory code that has become so bloated with redun-dant, ineffective, and unnecessary rules that the sheer bulk of it threatens to suffocate American economic recovery and long-term prosperity. The Bureau of Land Management’s rule to reduce venting and flaring from existing oil and natural gas operations is one such example of duplicative and unnecessary regulation. Aside from the fact that the authority to regulate air quality does not rest with the BLM, we certainly don’t need the BLM rule in addition to the EPA methane rule and State regulations, which our colleagues on the other side have noted and lauded that have come out of the State of Colorado. For all of the costs this rule would impose on industry, the supposed bene-fits of the rule would be emission re-ductions in the neighborhood of less than one one-hundredth of a percent of global greenhouse emissions. That is the definition of an ineffectual rule. Methane is a marketable resource, and the oil and gas industry would pre-fer to economically capture and sell that resource, rather than vent or flare it, which is a necessary safety proce-dure in the absence of other viable op-tions. Instead of using its authority to take actions that would effectively facili-tate capture versus venting or flaring, like processing pipeline right-of-way permits in a timely manner, the agen-cy has once again issued a rule that un-necessarily burdens energy develop-ment. There are cost-effective strategies available that will achieve emission re-ductions, and it is those strategies that we should focus our efforts on, rather than duplicative regulations. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California has 151⁄2min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 17
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot from Members from Colorado about how this onerous methane rule will hurt industry in Colorado. I would like to read from a couple of Colorado edi-torials that came out this past week in support of maintaining the BLM meth-ane rule. On Saturday, The Denver Post posted an editorial entitled ‘‘Congress shouldn’t butcher federal methane rules.’’ In it, they say: ‘‘Congress is getting ready to use an ax where it needs a scalpel. . . .’’ Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Review Act is an ax. It is an ax being swung blindfolded after several shots of whiskey. It shows a complete lack of seriousness on the issue, and it could have serious, long- term consequences. That is why The Denver Post edi-torial board asks Republicans to be surgeons and not butchers, and to avoid repealing what they call a thoughtful regulation. This past week, another editorial was published on Wednesday by the Grand Junction, Colorado Daily Sentinel en-titled, ‘‘Stop methane leaks.’’ Refer-ring to their State’s own methane waste rules, they say: ‘‘We’re fortunate to have the rule in Colorado. But if the federal rule isn’t enforced, the results can undermine our own gains.’’ Air quality does not recognize State lines. Under-regulated drilling in Utah produces bad air that blows into the western slope communities. These editorial boards have seen firsthand that methane waste preven-tion rules work, and they know that it is in everyone’s interest to keep the BLM rule in place. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the measure for congressional disapproval of the BLM’s methane rule under this Congressional Review Act. This egregious rule passed in the last few days of the previous ad-ministration is yet another regulatory blow to responsible energy develop-ment on lands held by the Federal Gov-ernment for the American people. I think the American people have a right to expect that their Federal Gov-ernment is not only holding these lands, but that it is utilizing this asset, an asset that can gain income to the Federal Government on their behalf to maintain more lands, and also to uti-lize the energy at low cost from domes-tically produced energy that comes from their lands, instead of importing it from somewhere else, et cetera. It goes without question that producing it here in this country is a giant ben-efit to the U.S. and its economy. As a strong proponent of an all-of- the-above energy approach, I believe natural gas will continue to signifi-cantly transform and modernize our Nation’s energy infrastructure. Domes-tically produced energy has so many positive effects it should be a no- brainer. The BLM claims that this rule helps capture methane waste, resulting in a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. Let’s face some facts. According to a report by the EPA, methane emissions from natural gas production have de-creased by 38 percent in the last 10 years, while gas production on Federal lands has increased by 33 percent. Be-lieve it or not, this reduction was done through voluntary action on behalf of industry, without changes to Federal regulations, in capturing and utilizing this asset. Even in my home State of California, the oil and gas industry has created 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.009 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H955 February 3, 2017 
tremendous opportunity for our work-force. A recent report shows that total economic contribution of oil and gas in California, in 2013, resulted in the cre-ation of 455,000 jobs and $72 billion in value added to the State economy, ap-proximately 3.4 percent of State GDP; indeed, no small numbers when the State of California is in big trouble fis-cally, as it pursues more things like high speed rail and other nonsense. Stifling this vibrant and booming economic driver in my State and oth-ers would be detrimental to the U.S. economy as a whole, while making us more reliant upon energy from unsta-ble regions of the globe and the higher costs to consumers at home and in their workplace. Furthermore, the BLM falsely claims it has authority under existing law to regulate oil and gas emissions. Such authority already belongs to the EPA and the States under the Clean Air Act, not the BLM. Indeed, the BLM needs to get its pri-orities and its jurisdiction in order. The agency spends valuable taxpayer resources developing a rule to prevent methane flaring, yet denies rights-of- way permitting for pipelines, which would help eliminate these kinds of re-leases altogether. That is one of the important benefits of the Congres-sional Review Act is accountability by an elected Congress over a bureauc-racy. Failure to reverse this rule would re-sult in a net loss in royalties that would negatively impact not just the Federal Government but Indian tribes as well which rely on energy revenue to meet their health care, housing, and other needs of their members on their lands. The abuses and overreach by a pre-vious Obama administration have gone long enough. It is time we put an end to the senseless, counterproductive regulations, and restore commonsense solutions to energy development on the people’s Federal lands. The administration taking credit for increased gas production is disingen-uous, as most of it occurred on private lands, leaving our public assets and po-tential unused. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. L
AMALFA. Indeed, it would be a loss for the American public to con-tinue along that path. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the ef-forts in bringing this forward and the opportunity to have a Congressional Review Act for the accountability. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reinforce a point that I made in my opening statement. Oil and gas companies and the industry would like to say they have done a tremendous job cutting methane emissions on their own. In fact, just this week, the Western Energy Alliance spearheaded a letter saying: ‘‘Methane emissions from oil and gas production have declined by 15 percent since 1990, without any Federal regulations.’’ What we have been hearing today, and my friends on the other side, is continually using some variation of this reduction that they say occurs. The problem is, and I repeat that the problem is, is that claim is just flat out false. That is the definition of an alter-native fact. Methane reduction, since 1990, has come entirely from natural gas stor-age, from the distribution and the transmission of natural gas. Out in the field, however, what we are talking about, out in the field, where compa-nies are actually drilling, methane emissions are up. For natural gas production, methane in the field, methane emissions are up by 31 percent. For oil production, emis-sions are up a staggering 76 percent. Mr. Speaker, the industry has not fixed this problem on their own, and they are not going to fix this problem on their own. Only strong rules and oversight are going to hold companies accountable to reduce methane waste and, for that reason, we must defeat this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), who lives in an area where he clearly under-stands what this issue is about. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, BLM’s Methane and Waste Prevention rule really is an overreach of authority that is already held by the EPA and the States. In fact, in North Dakota, the Department of Mineral Resources has waste prevention or conservation rules in place and is the first in the Nation to set gas capture requirements and goals. Requiring operators to meet yet an-other set of rules, in addition to States’ permits, results in substantial increases in both time and cost with-out any additional benefit to the public or to the environment, and that would also subject operators to conflicting rules, which actually could have the adverse effect that this rule aims at. Just in North Dakota alone, it is es-timated this rule would cost $24 mil-lion in lost tax revenue, and $240 mil-lion per year would be lost in produc-tion, but $39 million, most impor-tantly, would be lost in royalty reve-nues, not to big, rich oil companies who make large contributions, as our friends on the other side like to talk about, but to regular people, farmers and ranchers and landowners who own the royalty, who get the royalty. These are the very people the Democrats love to talk about but don’t seem to know how to talk to. Methane leaks are wasteful, but there is a natural incentive to capture it. Methane is not a waste product, it is a commodity. The overall, best-case scenario im-pact of this rule would be a reduction of 0.06 percent. Now, if the BLM really wants to do something, they could streamline the permitting of the infra-structure that would capture it. I know of two pipeline projects in North Dakota alone that, had they been allowed to move forward, at no expense to the government, had they been allowed to move forward by the BLM, without its heavy hand of regula-tion, would have reduced emissions 6 percent; 6 percent with the natural in-centive, stopped by the BLM, rather than this rule, which would, perhaps in the best case scenario, reduce it 0.06 percent. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. CRAMER. In wrapping up, I thank the chairman for the time and for his leadership. Let’s pass this CRA and overturn this egregious, unproductive BLM rule and return the authority where it belongs, back to the States. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As I have mentioned before, Mr. Speaker, this rule will not just reduce waste and increase taxpayer revenues, it will also reduce air pollution and im-prove public health. In support of that, we received a let-ter this week from 13 medical and pub-lic health groups, including the Amer-ican Lung Association, the American Public Health Association, the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, the Public Health Institute, and many more, pointing out the importance of the BLM methane waste prevention rule for cutting down on harmful meth-ane emissions. They write: ‘‘. . . we strongly urge you to oppose any Congressional Re-view Act resolution of disapprov- al . . .’’ for the BLM rule. They point to the volatile organic compounds that also pollute the air when natural gas leaks, saying that these chemicals ‘‘include benzene, a known carcinogen; ethylbenzene, a probable carcinogen; and toluene, a neurotoxin that may also cause mis-carriages and birth defects.’’ b1000 Also, these chemicals are ‘‘precursors to the formation of ground-level ozone, a dangerous air pollutant that causes permanent lung damage. By limiting emissions of volatile organic chemi-cals, oil and natural gas limits will re-duce the risk of ozone formation in the air and, thus, the risk of ozone-related health effects, including asthma at-tacks, hospital admissions, and, unfor-tunately, premature deaths.’’ These health impacts are just one more set of reasons why repealing the BLM Methane Waste Prevention Rule is the wrong way to go. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.010 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH956 February 3, 2017 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, American workers and American busi-nesses are the most innovative and pro-ductive in the world. This is no more evident than in our oil and gas fields— the ones in my district, in my State, across our country, and offshore. Mr. Speaker, in spite of the Obama administration’s war on energy, our producers made huge gains in tech-nology, production, and productivity to meet the needs and lower energy costs. The gentleman from California is correct, energy production has in-creased during the Obama administra-tion. According to this 2016 CBO report, both oil and gas production has in-creased on State and private lands both onshore and offshore. However, during the same time, under the heavy hand of the Obama administration, production on Federal lands has decreased. The Energy Information Administration re-ported that oil production on non-Fed-eral lands has increased 89 percent while it has decreased 10 percent on Federal lands, while gas production has increased 37 percent on non-Federal lands and decreased 37 percent on Fed-eral lands. The Bureau of Land Management’s venting and flaring rule is an overreach of the Obama administration. This is not about the environment. It is about extending the war on energy to private and State lands. The rule increases costs on producers, which are then passed on to customers, stifling job growth and hurting the economy. The BLM, as it has already been said, does not even have the legal authority to regulate air quality. It is an author-ity expressly provided to the EPA by the Clean Air Act. Methane emissions are already on the decline, dropping 21 percent since 1990 to 2014. This drop oc-curred despite the rise in natural gas production by nearly 47 percent. If the venting and flaring rule goes into full effect, it will cost nearly $1 billion by 2025. The result of overregulation is a de-crease in domestic energy production, lost jobs, a battered economy, and an increased dependence on foreign energy sources. A repeal of the venting and flaring rule is necessary to protect our economy, the Constitution, and the American people. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the resolution. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, it may no longer be Groundhog Day, but it feels like we have been here doing the same thing over and over again. Once again, Republicans are doing the bidding of wealthy fossil fuel com-panies at the expense of ordinary Americans. On Wednesday, we were here so our majority could strip away clean water protections from coal min-ing. Later on that day, the majority gave our new Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, a gift by repealing the re-quirement for oil and gas companies to tell the public how much money they paid to foreign governments. Now, today we are here to shower more goodies onto the oil and gas in-dustry by repealing a rule designed to keep them from wasting—and I urge you to hear that term, ‘‘wasting’’—nat-ural gas and also polluting our air. Really, Mr. Speaker? Less than 2 weeks into the new all-Republican gov-ernment and they are already handing out early Valentine’s Day gifts to their wealthy donors. Instead of chocolates and flowers, they are giving their oil and coal executives the right to pollute our air, dump waste into our water, and do it all under the cover of dark-ness. Republicans are using the Con-gressional Review Act so fast that I doubt they even know what they are repealing from day to day. It’s Friday, so I guess it must be air pollution day. Let me warn everyone that is watch-ing this telecast that they are not going to stop at trying to destroy clean air, clean water, and transparency. Dozens of health, safety, transparency, and consumer protections are on the chopping block, and Republicans are more than happy to swing the ax. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to protect the BLM Methane Waste Pre-vention Rule and defeat this resolu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the right to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I include in the R
ECORD two letters opposing this resolution and sup-porting the BLM Methane Waste Pre-vention Rule. The first is from 78 envi-ronmental, conservation, public inter-est, and sportsmen’s groups urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on this resolution. The sec-ond is a letter from 13 public health and medical organizations strongly urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on this resolution because of the damage that it will do to public health. 
JANUARY 31, 2017. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we write to urge you to oppose any effort to use the Congressional Review Act to overturn the Bureau of Land Management’s Methane and Natural Gas Waste Rule. We rely on laws and regulations to protect taxpayer re-sources and to keep our air and water clean and healthy. While we oppose the use of the CRA for any rule, the BLM rule is one of the anticipated targets to be considered under a Congressional Review Act Resolution. The BLM rule is a common sense policy that requires the oil and gas industry to re-duce venting, flaring, and leaks at industry operations on public and tribal lands by de-ploying methane mitigation technology. Currently, more than $330 million worth of natural gas is wasted on public and tribal lands each year, meaning that taxpayers could lose out on $800 million in royalties over the next decade due to venting and flar-ing of this gas. Repealing this rule would harm public health and reduce revenue to the federal government and Western states. The BLM estimates the rule’s net benefits range from $46 to $204 million per year. And economic studies have found the tech-nologies and practices included in this rule to be very cost effective since the gas cap-tured can be sold to the benefit of industry and taxpayers. Leaked natural gas contains volatile organic compounds, an asthma irri-tant; benzene; and other hazardous air pol-lutants that are known. carcinogens. After Colorado implemented a similar rule, nat-ural gas production increased, and the stand-ard has been popular. The Congressional Review Act (CRA) is a blunt instrument that seeks to undermine the federal rulemaking process. It allows Congress to overturn a recently finalized rule—major or otherwise—through an expe-dited process called a Resolution of Dis-approval. In the Senate, a Resolution of Dis-approval requires only a simple majority vote, may circumvent the committee process and cannot be filibustered. If the resolution passes and is signed by the President, the rule becomes void and the promulgating agency is prevented from issuing a rule that is ‘‘substantially the same’’ in the future without an act of Congress. By essentially voiding the rulemaking process and man-dating that substantially similar rules not be pursued in the future, the CRA on the BLM’s Methane Rule wastes taxpayer money and defies the public interest. We request that you vote in opposition to this attack on commonsense standards which limit wasted resources and protect the American taxpayer, public health, and the environment. Vote no on the BLM Methane CRA Resolution. Sincerely, Alaska Wilderness League, Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environment—Colorado Chapter, American Family Voices, Back Country Horsemen of New Mexico, Bold Alli-ance, Californians for Western Wilderness, Center for Biological Diversity, Chesapeake Physicians for Social Responsibility, Citi-zens for a Healthy Community, Clean Air Council, Clean Air Task Force, Clean Water Action, Coalition for Clean Air, Colorado Farm & Food Alliance, Conservation Colo-rado, Conservation Voters New Mexico, Da-kota Resource Council, Demand Progress, Earth Action, Inc., Earthjustice, EarthRights International, Earthworks, El-ders Climate Action, Environmental Defense Fund, Environmental Entrepreneurs, Envi-ronmental Integrity Project, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Environmental Working Groups. Friends of the Earth, Grand Canyon Trust, Great Old Broads for Wilderness, Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy, Hair on Fire Or-egon, Hixon Center for Sustainable Environ-mental Design at Harvey Mudd College, Idaho Organization of Resource Councils, In-stitute for Science and Human Values, Inter-faith Power & Light, Iowa Environmental Council, League of Conservation Voters, League of Women Voters of the United States, Los Padres ForestWatch, Mayor of Lafayette, Colorado, Montana Conservation Voters, Montana Environmental Information Center—MEIC, National Association of Con-sumer Advocates, National Center for Les-bian Rights, National Consumer Voice for Quality Long-Term Care, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources Council of Maine, Natural Resources Defense Council, New Mexico Sportsmen, NextGen Climate, Northern Plains Resource Council, NW Energy Coalition, Physicians for Social Responsibility, Physicians for Social Re-sponsibility Maine Chapter. Pipeline Safety Coalition, Powder River Basin Resource Council, Public Citizen, Ra-chel Carson Council, San Juan Citizens Alli-ance, Sierra Club, SLO CLEAN WATER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.013 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H957 February 3, 2017 
ORG, Southern Environmental Law Center, Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, The Ohio Environmental Council, The Wilderness Society, Union of Concerned Scientists, US Human Rights Network, Voices for Progress, WE ACT for Environmental Justice, Western Colorado Congress, Western Environmental Law Center, Western Organization of Re-source Councils, Wholly H2O, WildEarth Guardians, Wilderness Workshop, Wyoming Outdoor Council. 
FEBRUARY 1, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the tens of thousands of members of the under-signed medical and public health organiza-tions, and the communities we serve, we strongly urge you to oppose any Congres-sional Review Act resolution of disapproval that would block air pollution limits that address the leakage of methane, including the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Methane and Waste Prevention Rule. The Congressional Review Act is a blunt tool that would permanently block actions by BLM to reduce dangerous and wasteful methane leaks from the oil and gas indus-tries. Use of the Congressional Review Act would not only block current actions to solve manageable problems; it would also prevent BLM from moving forward with sub-stantially similar actions in the future. Methane fugitive emissions (leaks) occur from oil and gas wells, drilling-related infra-structure and natural gas pipelines. Esti-mates of the amount of methane lost to leakage range from 9.3 percent to about 12 percent. Not only are these leaks wasteful, but they also create dangerous threats to health. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs), gases recognized as hazardous air pollutants, ac-company the methane extracted from deep underground wells. VOCs include benzene, a known human carcinogen; ethylbenzene, a probable carcinogen; and toluene, a neurotoxin (affecting the nervous system) that may also cause miscarriages and birth defects. Comprehensive methane limits would immediately reduce emissions of these life-threatening substances. VOCs are also precursors to the formation of ground-level ozone, a dangerous air pollut-ant that causes permanent lung damage. By limiting emissions of VOCs, oil and natural gas limits will reduce the risk of ozone for-mation in the air and, thus, the risk of ozone-related health effects, including asth-ma attacks, hospital admissions and pre-mature deaths. Finally, methane itself is a highly potent driver of climate change, one of the greatest threats to public health in our time. Meth-ane is an extremely powerful heat-trapping gas; over its first 20 years in the atmosphere, it is 84 times more effective at retaining heat than is carbon dioxide . . . The resulting higher temperatures mean longer and hotter heat waves and more ground-level ozone; these in turn contribute to asthma attacks, cardiovascular disease, heart attacks and premature death. Climate change also in-creases the frequency and intensity of storms, droughts, wildfires and flooding; these are associated with accidental deaths, crop losses, air pollution, water contamina-tion, and the spread of disease-causing pathogens. If we as health and medical orga-nizations are to protect the public’s health, it is vital that our nation make progress in the fight against climate change. The Congressional Review Act, if applied to BLM’s Methane and Waste Prevention Rule, would block feasible, affordable steps to reduce methane leakage. It would deprive Americans of vital protections from carcino-genic and neurotoxic substances and from climate change. Please make the health of your constituents your priority and reject the use of Congressional Review Act resolu-tions on actions that would protect our health and our current and future wellbeing. Sincerely, Alergy & Asthma Network, Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments, American Lung Association, American Public Health Association, American Thoracic Society, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, Center for Climate Change & Health, Health Care Without Harm, National Association of County & City Health Officials, National En-vironmental Health Association, Physicians for Social Responsibility, Public Health In-stitute, Trust for America’s Health. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Much has been said about what Colo-rado has been able to do as a State on this particular issue, and that’s good because Colorado, as a State, has the legal responsibility and legal author-ization to work with the EPA on this particular issue. Naturally, industry would be liking that because the States are far more effective in dealing with industry than the BLM ever is, which still does not have statutory authority in this particular area. In fact, even Colorado has its limits. When they were cut out of the process on the stream buffer rule that we talked about earlier, they also joined the lawsuit against the EPA and against the Federal Government for that particular issue. It is simply hypo-critical for BLM to pretend that this is about waste when they refuse to actu-ally solve the problem by pipeline ap-proval and rights-of-way approval, which is the total solution. So what we come down to is that simply this is a rule that violates all three of the criteria set forth in the Congressional Review Act. It is a rule that is terribly expensive; it is a rule that is redundant; and it is a rule that exceeds the statutory authority of the entity that is making that particular rule, a prime candidate for use of the Congressional Review Act, which is our responsibility. It’s a congressional re-sponsibility to establish these stand-ards, not the executive branch agen-cies. If someone has decided not to vote for this resolution, to actually support this rule, I could ask: What is the de-ciding factor that pushed them over into accepting that position? Was it simply because this rule is redundant and unnecessary? That without this rule, emissions were being lowered and they were lowered before this rule was implemented and they will be lowered after this rule is decimated at the same time? Is it because of the redundancy? Did they decide to vote against this particular rule because, well, of the cost increase that it will bring? The idea that affordable energy is being harmed by this particular rule is real, and that means that any person is going to feel an increased cost in their energy consumption. Whether it is try-ing to heat his or her home or every time they turn on a lightbulb, this rule raises that cost. Once again, it hurts the people who are at the bottom of our economic level who are the most vulnerable to these kinds of increases. Is that what decided you to vote against this resolution or tipped you in the balance of trying to support the rule? Or is it simply the fact that it is an illegal rule? Is that the defining issue, that it simply is an illegal rule where they have no statutory author-ity to do what they did? If those criteria are not good enough, then I ask you and urge you to do something that actually helps people and helps reduce the cost of energy and make sure that we have affordable en-ergy so this economic and energy ren-aissance that we have had in the last decade can continue not just on State and private lands, but it can continue on Federal lands as well, which it has not done. We need to do this to support people. We need to do this so that States can fund their infrastructure and States can actually fund their education sys-tem and people can turn on the lightbulb without having to take out a loan at the local bank to do so. This rule repeal is the right thing to do. You should vote ‘‘yes’’ on this reso-lution because it helps people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res 36, expressing disapproval of the Meth-ane Waste Rule submitted by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management. The Methane Waste Rule is a critical update to decades old regulation that provides clear and established requirements for the respon-sible extraction of methane gas ensuring that public health is not put at risk from these harmful emissions. The rule, crafted in an extensive and trans-parent public process in line with the Bureau of Land Management’s mandate to capture wasted methane, includes reasonable reforms to avoid and minimize waste of natural gas from flaring, venting and leaking from oil and gas production operations. Grounded in peer- reviewed, scientific evidence, the rule updates 37-year old regulations to keep pace with modern technological advancements. It pro-motes the replacement of older technology, with new, modern equipment that is cost effec-tive, and, when combined with a broader sci-entific understanding of the deleterious effects caused by these activities both to public health and the environment, works to better protect the American people from these harmful emis-sions. With methane emissions increasing by 45 percent since 1990 and a 319 percent in-crease in flaring from 2009, the United States must act swiftly to not only protect public health, but the environment too. When these natural gases are released, they emit ozone- destroying volatile organic compounds (VOCs) which are 86 times more destructive to the protective ozone in our atmosphere than car-bon emissions. During the development of this critical rule, the Department of Interior received over 200,000 public comments, hosted public meet-ings, and engaged in broad outreach to stake 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.004 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH958 February 3, 2017 
holders nationwide over a 3-year period. This rule was carefully developed and thoroughly considered. Furthermore, it is important that tax payers understand that this is also a cost-savings rule, mitigating the over $330 million worth of natural gas wasted every year as a result of flaring, venting, and leaking. Ultimately, repealing the Methane Waste Rule would undermine the health, well-being, and economic prosperity of the American pub-lic and do nothing to combat the growing con-cern of climate change. I strongly urge my col-leagues to reject H.J. Res 36. Any effort to un-dermine this important health, economic, and environmental protection results in a lose-lose situation for the American public and I oppose it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolu-tion. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the joint res-olution will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 221, nays 191, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 78] YEAS—221 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—20 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Engel Evans Gosar Hastings Jackson Lee Jones Labrador Mulvaney Nunes Price, Tom (GA) Reed Rush Scalise Walker Zinke 
b1034 Messrs. MAST, BLUMENAUER, and MEEHAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader and my friend, for the purposes of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour and noon for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected during the evening hours on Tuesday. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. Mr. Speaker, the House will also con-tinue our work under the Congres-sional Review Act to undo onerous Obama administration regulations through three more joint resolutions. The first, sponsored by Representative B
RETT GUTHRIE , will stop a rule that significantly expands the Federal Gov-ernment’s involvement in teacher edu-cation. b1045 Without our action this could result in fewer teachers serving some of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 May 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\FEBRUARY\H03FE7.REC H03FE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H959 February 3, 2017 
Nation’s most vulnerable children, and it could make it harder for schools to recruit the best teachers. That is the exact opposite of what Americans want for their children. The second, sponsored by Representa-tive T
ODD ROKITA , would address how the accountability provisions of the Every Student Succeeds Act are being implemented. This bipartisan law em-powered States to hold schools ac-countable, but somehow, when the reg-ulation came out, there was an ex-panded Federal role. This was not what Congress intended nor what is best for our students. And the third, Mr. Speaker, spon-sored by Representative L
IZCHENEY , addresses how the Department of the Interior regulates resource manage-ment plans. These plans guide how BLM manages all Federal lands. But the rule only addresses how BLM must deal with the public, as well as State and tribal governments. We are right-fully concerned that there is no process or procedure for local governments in these new rules. Finally, my friend may notice that a familiar face is not sitting next to me today, but Ben Howard is up in the gal-lery today. After serving 8 years on Capitol Hill, the last 6 in my office, our friend Ben has left the job. He is now working in the White House Office of Legislative Affairs. Ben was one of the first people we hired when I was elected majority whip. It was here that most people around the Hill got to know Ben through his always witty floor updates and always constant Penn State foot-ball commentary. When I was elected majority leader, I asked Ben to be the floor director, a position in which he has served well for the past 2-plus years. My friend would be happy to know that Ben is from Maryland. He was born and raised and currently resides in Olney with his wife, Amy, and their two young sons, John and Daniel. So on behalf of myself, our entire team, and the entire Republican Con-ference, I want to thank Ben for his years of service and for his hard work, and wish him many years of happiness. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the schedule of regu-lations to come. I am sure we will have some discussions about that next week. In fact, we are going to have some dis-cussions about all of these regulations which we believe reduce the protec-tions, according to the American peo-ple, by a number of the regulations that are sought to be repealed. However, first, Mr. Speaker, let me note that, first of all, we have another Ben in Maryland. He is the senior Sen-ator, a former colleague of ours, B
EN C
ARDIN . He had a TV ad which ended with ‘‘My Friend, Ben.’’ I want to say hi to my friend Ben, who has—indeed, as all of you know, I think the staff that serve with us make such an extraordinarily positive dif-ference, and they sometimes—or most of the time—rise above what might be the partisan confrontation that Mem-bers have and continue to try to reach consensus so that this institution will run positively and well for the Amer-ican people. Ben Howard has been one of those people. I know that Shuwanza Goff, who sits next to me and is my floor director, has worked very positively with Ben through the years and appreciates very much his working with us. Kelly also falls into that category. But Ben, we are going to miss you. I am sure that wherever you go, you are going to advantage the enterprise that you associate with. Olney, Maryland, is one of our thriving communities in Maryland. We are always proud of our Marylanders, and they always do a good job. So I will say to him, Godspeed. I don’t want to wish Penn State a lot of success, but, nevertheless, I do want to wish you a lot of success, Ben. Thank you very much for your service. Now let me move on to, perhaps, some subjects that we might not have as much agreement on as we do have on Ben Howard and his quality and the service he has given this institution. One of the first acts of Congress, of course, as you know, Mr. Leader, which was the plan, was to begin the rec-onciliation process to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. The budget resolu-tion set a deadline of January 27 for committees to report legislation re-pealing the law. It is now the 3rd of February, and after voting 65 times to repeal the ACA, House and Senate Re-publicans, Mr. Speaker, do not have, as far as I know, and don’t appear to have, a replacement and are, as I read in the papers, Mr. Speaker, divided on the path forward. Repealing the ACA without replacing it immediately will not only cause 30 million Americans to lose their cov-erage, but it would increase the cost for tens of millions more and would, I suggest, disadvantage everybody who has insurance, and clearly those who do not and would not have access. MARK MEADOWS , who chairs the House Freedom Caucus, said: ‘‘We need to slow down the process so we can un-derstand a little bit more the specifics and the timetable of replacement votes and reconciliation instructions. . . .’’ That was in Politico on January 9 of this year. Senator B
OBCORKER , in the Senate, said: ‘‘There’s more and more concerns about not doing’’ repeal and replace ‘‘simultaneously. You would think after 6 years, we would have a pretty good sense of what we would like to do.’’ We have not seen a repeal and replace bill. The President said it ought to be done contemporaneously. B
OBCORKER  and others have said it ought to be done contemporaneously. We haven’t seen it. So my question, Mr. Majority Leader, is: Does the gentleman expect that if repeal does move forward, that a replacement bill would be considered simultaneously? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. I am not sure if, in the beginning of your question, you want us to speed up or slow down, but I thank the gen-tleman for the question. Mr. HOYER. I can clarify that for the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I heard your ques-tion. Your question asked it both ways. Regardless of who won the election, the simple fact is ObamaCare is a fail-ure. Regardless of who won the elec-tion, we would both be sitting here today having the same conversation about what we would replace it with. Let’s just simply talk about the facts. There were 23 co-ops created in ObamaCare. They were given $2 billion. As of today, 18 of them have failed. There are roughly a little more than 3,000 counties in America; 1,022 of those counties, roughly one-third, now only have one insurance company. Five States only have one insurance com-pany, thanks to ObamaCare. All of America knows the old quotes: if you like your health plan, you can keep it—we know that is no longer true—or if you like your doctor, you can keep it—that is no longer true. When the President said that our pre-miums would go down by $2,500, now we know that is not true. So, yes, we would have this discussion regardless of who won this election. ObamaCare has failed. So, yes, we are going to work to-gether, just as, after the last election, I put a letter out to every Governor, Republican or Democrat, every insur-ance commissioner, Republican or Democrat, to provide us with their ideas. We welcome every idea on the other side of the aisle, too, because we will do this differently. We welcome your ideas as well. If you noticed in the Energy and Commerce Committee, they have the hearing schedule. We will begin, and it will be an open process. We welcome your participation because we want a system that works, we do not want a system that has failed, and I believe we have the ideas to make it work cor-rectly. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. We are not in agreement, Mr. Speak-er. What we will be doing would be 180 degrees different. We would not be pre-tending that we are going to repeal an Affordable Care Act that has been a success. We do not agree, Mr. Speaker, that having 30 million Americans insured that were not insured before the Af-fordable Care Act is a failure. We do not agree that people with preexisting conditions who can now get insurance is a failure. We do not agree that peo-ple who are 26 or younger being on their family’s policy when they don’t have a job or alternative insurance is a failure. We do not agree that Ameri-cans having the security that their in-surance will not be canceled because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.018 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH960 February 3, 2017 
they reached an annual limit is a fail-ure. We do not agree that Americans having no lifetime limit so that if they have a catastrophic illness they will still have coverage—that is not a fail-ure. What is a failure is to have pretended for the last 6 years that they wanted to repeal the Affordable Care Act and have no replacement as of this time. That was a failure. The President says, Mr. Speaker, that his plan is going to make sure that everybody is insured, comprehen-sive coverage, and that costs will come down. He, of course, Mr. Speaker, has now offered a bill to effect that objec-tive. We would welcome such a bill so that we can consider it. No, Mr. Speaker, had the 3 million additional people who voted for Hillary Clinton more so than voted for Donald Trump prevailed—the Electoral College prevailed, but the majority of the American people that voted, the plu-rality, voted for policies to keep the Affordable Care Act as Mrs. Clinton said she would do if she were elected. So, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader is in deep error on we would be having the same debate. But he is right; we had an outcome of a party and a Presi-dent who said they were going to re-peal the Affordable Care Act. GOP Conference Chair C
ATHY  M
CMORRIS RODGERS stated: ‘‘Let me be clear: no one who has coverage because of ObamaCare today will lose that cov-erage.’’ The majority leader said something about the President saying, if you like your policy, you can keep it. In fact, the President was substantially right on that. Yes. Were there minimum cov-erages so that people weren’t scammed by insurance companies saying you got insurance, but, oh, by the way, we don’t cover that, by the way, we don’t cover that? Have you seen those ads about, I bought a new car and I had a wreck a day later and, guess what, the insurance company wants to give me 80 percent, 90 percent, 70 percent less? That is what the insurance companies were doing. People thought they had insurance for something, and they didn’t have it. So C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS says you are not going to lose anything. Well, I don’t know. If it was so bad, why don’t you repeal it? Why don’t you offer a bill to repeal it and to under-mine all those factors of the Affordable Care Act that are now available to the Americans that I suggested? President Trump—I said this, but I want to repeat it—said last month that Republicans were nearing completion of an ACA replacement that would pro-vide insurance for everybody. Bring it on. Bring it on. Insurance for every-body. Let’s see it. He went on to say his plan would have lower numbers, much lower deductibles. God bless him. Bring it on. Let us see it. Let’s vote on it. It is not on the floor, and I am not sure when it will be on the floor, but perhaps the majority leader could tell us. My question to you is: When do you expect such a bill consistent with the President’s representation to the American people of everybody having insurance and at lower cost and lower deductibles? When do we expect a bill like that on the floor? I yield to the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Since ObamaCare has passed and now that we know what was in it, you would know that there are 1,400 pages in there that give a great deal, amount of power to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Unfortunately, today, that Secretary has not been confirmed. That Secretary has not been con-firmed simply because of politics. It is not on my side of the aisle. It is on the Democrats’ side of the aisle over in the Senate. b1100 Do you know how far they have gone? How much do they really want to work on health care when you actually said it needed to be reformed? They wouldn’t even show up in committee. So how much do they really care about Americans? They don’t even show up in committee to ask the questions. They wanted to run and hide. So how much do they really want to work? If we want to go quote by quote, when we go back to what President Obama said when the premiums were going to lower by $2,500, what do we say to Arizona when they went up 116 percent or to Tennessee by 63 percent and then three-quarters of Tennessee counties only have one provider or to Minnesota by 59 percent or to Okla-homa by 59 percent or to Alabama, 58, or to Pennsylvania, 53, or to Nebraska, 51? Can we stop this rhetoric, and can we now get to work? Because I will tell you this: next month is when we begin because I am hopeful that we will no longer put up with the political games on the Senate side and that we will confirm the new Secretary because you have to have a Secretary in place if you want to reform ObamaCare, be-cause you gave so much power to the Secretary. We all know that. So let’s work together on behalf of the Amer-ican people and end this pain. I will tell you this: the unfortunate reality, in today’s system, is that cov-erage does not always mean care. The deductibles are so high that many peo-ple don’t even go to their doctors. I can tell you that in States, prior to ObamaCare, their high-risk pools were cheaper then for their care than now in just buying ObamaCare. We all know it is a failure. So let’s stop playing the political games, and let’s put the peo-ple before politics, and let’s put a sys-tem in that works. Our door is open, and the committee is open for all ideas. Let’s work together to solve it. Mr. HOYER. I thank the majority leader for his comments. I don’t think he wants me to delve very deeply into why we do not have a Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. It is because the Republicans have not produced nor has the nominee pro-duced full disclosure, as the gentleman knows, of his financial dealings with respect to legislation that he intro-duced and supported. They want full information so that they can make a considered judgment. I won’t go fur-ther into that deep well, however. I will say to the gentleman that you don’t need a Secretary to bring legisla-tion to the floor, and this is not an issue that is new this year or that is as a result of the November election of last year. It is, frankly, after 65 votes on this floor, to repeal the Affordable Care Act without having an alter-native. I will tell my friend, the majority leader, with great respect, you have had 6 years. You can catalog all of the things that you think are bad. Obvi-ously, you don’t mention any of the things that are good except so many in your caucus—perhaps the over-whelming majority of the caucus—say we are going to keep preexisting condi-tions, and we are going to keep 26. Of course, we are not going to eliminate annual limits, because that will hurt people and force them into bankruptcy. I don’t hear that discussion going on. But the fact of the matter is, Mr. Lead-er, you cannot get away from the fact that 6 years have gone by since we adopted the Affordable Care Act—6 years of complaining about how awful it is. By the way, as the gentleman knows, the majority of people now have made it very clear they do not want to repeal the Affordable Care Act unless they see a replacement on the table that they can consider and look to for alter-natives. And that, as you know, Mr. Leader, is the first time in the 6 years because people said, ‘‘yes, we don’t like the Affordable Care Act’’ in a vacuum, but now, when it really may be re-pealed, they are looking at it much more closely, and they don’t know what is going to replace it, and they are concerned. I have, I will tell you, family after family after family—I had somebody come up to me in the grocery store two nights ago, at Harris Teeter—with tears in his eyes—who said: Don’t let them repeal the Affordable Care Act. I have a son who has a dire illness; and but for the fact of the Affordable Care Act, he would not be covered, and we couldn’t keep him alive—with tears in his eyes. So, when I hear you cataloging some of the things, those cases aren’t men-tioned. The 30 million aren’t men-tioned. The preexisting condition isn’t mentioned. I will say to my friend that you don’t need a Secretary of Health and Human Services to bring a bill forward. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Yes, you do. Mr. HOYER. Going to go to another subject, Mr. Leader, obviously, we are very concerned about the Affordable Care Act, but we are also very con-cerned—as we talked about executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.019 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H961 February 3, 2017 
orders on this refugee ban that were issued, according to almost everybody, without much consultation with any-body other than within the White House—of an order banning Muslim ref-ugees from coming into this country even after very strong vetting. I know that the position is, oh, this is not a ban. The complication you have to that representation is the President keeps mentioning it as a ban, as he said he was going to do in the election, and he referred to it as a ban just a few days ago. But I would point out to you, Mr. Leader—and I am sure you know this—not a single terrorist act—not one—has been perpetrated by a refugee coming into this country from any one of the seven nations men-tioned in the ban. We believe this is not only contrary to the Constitution but that it is contrary to our prin-ciples. Let me make it clear, Mr. Leader, so that there is no confusion: nobody on this side of the aisle doesn’t want to make America’s borders secure, Amer-ica’s land and assets safe, and the American people safe. Every one of us on this side of the aisle wants to make sure that that happens, and we cer-tainly want to make sure that the vet-ting is appropriate. As the majority leader knows, the vetting today is a very long and very careful process. We believe this ban alienates our allies and emboldens terrorists who are now saying: See, this really is a war on Islam. That will not be consistent with the safety of our men and women whom we have at the point of the spear and will not be consistent to the safety and se-curity of our allies in the Middle East. Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM have said exactly that. They pointed out: ‘‘Our government has a responsibility to defend our borders, but we must do so in a way that makes us safer and up-holds all that is decent and exceptional about our nation.’’ This is J
OHN M
CCAINand L INDSEY GRAHAM . ‘‘It is clear from the confusion at our air-ports across the nation that President Trump’s executive order was not prop-erly vetted.’’ Senator G
RAHAM and Sen-ator M
CCAIN, chairman of the Armed Services Committee and the gentleman from South Carolina. They go on: ‘‘We are particularly concerned by reports that this order went into effect with little to no consultation with the Departments of State, Defense, Jus-tice, and Homeland Security. Such a hasty process risks harmful results.’’ This continues to be a quote by Sen-ator M
CCAINand Senator G RAHAM . ‘‘Ul-timately, we fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism.’’ Senator M
CCAIN knows something about in-creased risk. He went on to say, along with Sen-ator G
RAHAM : ‘‘This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our coun-try. That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist re-cruitment than improve our security.’’ They said that on the 29th of January, just 4 days ago. At least four times this week, Mr. Leader, we asked for the consideration of H.R. 724, which rescinds and defunds the refugee ban. The Speaker said, when he took office initially—and he repeated this year—that we were going to have an open, transparent process and that we would consider the impor-tant issues of the day on this floor, with an opportunity for every Member of this House to offer alternatives. I know the committee would not re-port it out, but this is a critical issue to our country, to our safety, and to our values; and I ask the gentleman: Is there a possibility that you would bring to the floor next week or the week thereafter—preferably next week—H.R. 724 so that the Members of this House—the people’s Representa-tives—could speak to this critically important issue consistent with the ob-servations of Senator MCCAINand Sen-ator G
RAHAM ? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. I listened to the Speaker when he took office, too, and he also said ‘‘reg-ular order.’’ In the schedule for next week, it is not on the list. The executive order signed by the President, really, as you know, is based on legislation that passed this House with overwhelming bipartisan support. It was following the attacks over the past 2 years. It was the SAFE Act that passed this House 289–137, and the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Ter-rorist Travel Prevention Act that passed by 407–19. I will point out that these two bills received veto-proof ma-jorities, and President Obama signed the visa waiver bill into law. President Trump’s actions are tem-porary pauses and reassess our vetting procedures to keep our country safe. While there was, certainly, some confu-sion with how this was implemented over the weekend, the Secretary of Homeland Security is effectively ad-dressing key issues to ensure legal per-manent residents who are returning to our country are allowed entry unless our security services have a compelling reason to suggest otherwise. America remains a place of refuge for those seeking peace, freedom, and oppor-tunity across the world. Now, my friend knows, because we have been in meetings this week, that our rhetoric matters. Other people lis-ten to what we say. In these types of situations, especially with a new ad-ministration, I have always told my children: at any time in a situation, let’s take a deep breath; let’s not lose our heads. Especially with a brand new administration, I try to give them the benefit of the doubt. They don’t have their Cabinet there yet. Let’s let them get their footing. It is not a ban—it is a pause. It is based upon two pieces of legislation that passed this House. You love to quote people; so if I may: ‘‘House Democrats and House Repub-licans have no greater priority than keeping Americans safe. This is neither a partisan issue nor is it a partisan dif-ference. Many Americans are frus-trated with the pace of progress against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. I want to see the administration and Congress working together to protect our Na-tion. The reforms in this bill are an ex-cellent start. ‘‘This legislation will make it easier for law enforcement to vet those visi-tors who are coming from Visa Waiver countries, such as in Europe, to ensure that we are not admitting those who have traveled to places like Iraq and Syria and link up with ISIS.’’ That was said by you. Mr. HOYER. I think that is an excel-lent quote, which I still agree with. Mr. MCCARTHY. So you know the importance. What I would say to the gentleman is: let’s work with this administration. As we sat in our meeting this week with leaders of other countries, I thought their advice to us was good ad-vice: let’s not say what this is not, be-cause we may get political points with one another, but it puts them in harm’s way, and they know what the truth of this is. I think you and I agree on a lot of different things, and we are cordial with one another when we disagree, and I think this is an area in which sometimes we may disagree, but some-times we have shown we could agree. b1115 I know you want to keep America safe, and I know we want to keep America safe. I also know it is a brand new admin-istration. I also know that when I go down to that White House—you have been there with me—there is not a lot of staff there. I know there are going to be a few hiccups along the way. I am going to work with them. I am going to help them, and I want you to help us help them as well. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, may I ask the gentleman from California to do something? The advice that the gentleman gives to his children about taking a breath, perhaps before they tweet—— Mr. M
CCARTHY. My kids don’t tweet. Mr. HOYER. That is good advice as well. Would you give that advice to the President of the United States and tell him to take a breath before he makes policy or before he offends our allies or before he creates great fear in those who hear what he has to say off the cuff? Yes, I understand that rhetoric counts. You might talk to him about that as well. He is the one that calls this a ban. I know that everybody else is trying to clean it up, and I hope that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.020 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH962 February 3, 2017 
is the case. In fact, I have seen the head of Homeland Security, Secretary Kelly, trying to clean it up. It is a darn shame that it wasn’t cleaned up before. It was a darned shame that the time was not taken to do an order that would make sure that vetting was appropriate, as my quote and our legislation that you talked about urged. It is good advice to your children and good advice to this President: Take a breath. Just don’t, as immediately it comes to mind, tweet it and have the impact not known to you, your staff, or to the country. Almost invariably, we have seen this has a negative effect. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Obama said that he was rooting for President Trump’s success. I would also give the advice, let’s not root against him. He still doesn’t have his own Cabinet. When I watched and listened to what some on the other side of their own leadership say about some there, I could see where the rhetoric continues to rise. I think we should put that down. The election is over, and now is the time to govern. There are big problems out there. We can score as many political points as we want back and forth, but there are challenges. You and I have worked to-gether on so many issues out here, from opioids, from the visa waiver so many different times. And we have dis-agreed others times. I think it would behoove us and the American public that we can show the leadership to do that, and I look for-ward to working with you on these issues. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comment. I think we have demonstrated over the years that we ascribe to that concept. My point to you is, in the first 10 or 12 days of this administration, that concept has been put at great risk. I think the gentleman’s advice is good, and we have pursued that. I simply urge the gentleman from California to suggest to the President of the United States that he adopt that concept as well. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, it is good to have these colloquies back. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 2017, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, February 6, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO GARY ANDRES (Mr. UPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a very good friend, certainly a trusted adviser and, by everyone’s account, one of the very best staff directors ever on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. Gary Andres. I first met Gary when he was a young staffer working in the White House for President Bush 41. Over the years, I be-came so close with both Gary and his wonderful wife, Sue. Gary came on board day one for my committee chairmanship, and we as-sembled an all-star staff of the most professional, talented, and kind people on Capitol Hill. In Gary, we got a trusted counselor with a strategic mind second to none. Gary also under-stands that sometimes you can’t change the direction of the winds, but you can adjust your sails so that you are always going to reach that destina-tion. Nowhere was this more important than during our herculean, bipartisan 21st Century Cures Act effort. For more than 3 years, Gary was our five- star general; and thanks to his tireless leadership, we got the job done for pa-tients and families across the country. What drove us more than anything else was that the clock was ticking for folks with terrible diseases, and we couldn’t waste a day to get this bipar-tisan bill to the President for him to sign into law. It ended up being what many say was the most significant leg-islation enacted in the 114th Congress. But it went beyond the 21st Century Cures Act. There were 562 hearings, 354 measures through the House, 200 signed into law in the last 6 years, substantial legislative wins. Whether it be the doc fix, saving Medicare, pipeline safety, health reforms, opioids, so many more, Gary was with us at the table. Gary understands how important this institution is. He has a reverence for the people’s House. But Gary was also quick with a smile, a witty insight, or a laugh. He never lost his perspective, his temper, or eagerness to engage on an issue. I know I speak for all of the Members and staff on both sides of the aisle when we say: Thank you, Gary. We are going to miss you, but we know that we are going to continue to lean on you for advice no matter what the issue is. As Gary moves on to that next ven-ture, I wish him the very best. To his wonderful wife, Sue, who is in the gallery today, it has been an honor to work with this distinguished gen-tleman. HONORING GARY ANDRES (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I second and reiterate what my colleague from Michigan (Mr. U PTON ) just said about Gary Andres. I actually remember, when I was first elected to Congress in 1988 and when the first President Bush was President, being outside of the Capitol, outside the House Chambers and talking to Gary. He was, I believe, the White House congressional liaison at the time. I was a young Member and didn’t really know what was going on around here with a Republican President; and Gary was so warm, so helpful, trying to help me out, even though I was of the other party, even though I was a fresh-man Member. And that continued on so many occasions, both under President Bush and, of course, afterwards and most recently, with the Energy and Commerce Committee as a staff direc-tor. What Representative U
PTON said is absolutely true, Gary was always the fighter for the Republicans, for the ma-jority; but at the same time, he always wanted to work with Democrats. Gary, like Congressman U
PTON , be-lieved very strongly that if we were going to accomplish anything, it had to be done on a bipartisan basis. I know Congressman U
PTON mentioned in par-ticular the 21st Century Cures Act, but it was true with everything. One of the reasons that we were so successful, I think, in the last session in doing so many pieces of legislation that were important to the country was not only because of Congressman U
PTON and his leadership, but also be-cause of Gary and his working with Jeff Carroll, who is our minority staff director. So I wish Gary well. There are very few people that I can say, over the last 29 years that I have been here, who was always trying to reach out and do the right thing. I think that is so impor-tant. So congratulations and good luck in the future, Gary. 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF GARY ANDRES (Mr. WALDEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, as the new chairman of the Energy and Com-merce Committee, I, too, want to join in showing my appreciation and affec-tion for Gary. He has given our com-mittee and, dare I say, our country in-credible service for many years. I am grateful for his friendship, I am grateful for his guidance, his counsel and, as we have gone through this tran-sition, his advice, a steady hand, in-credible intellect, a curiosity about how to get policy done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.022 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H963 February 3, 2017 
From his start on Capitol Hill work-ing in both Bush administrations and then leading the Energy and Commerce Committee staff effort, he has this pas-sion for public service. He is relentless in his devotion to serving the Amer-ican people and to driving the com-mittee over time and really putting to-gether a great team. As you have heard, because of his leadership, the committee successfully shepherded through dozens of pieces of really important bipartisan legislation for the American people that have made their lives better, such as the 21st Century Cures Act, modernizing our chemical safety laws, improving pipeline safety, among many others. We are fortunate to have had such a gifted adviser, exceptional leader, tire-less advocate at the helm of this com-mittee staff for the last 6 years. It has been a real honor, Gary, to work with you. I wish you, Sue, and your whole family the very best in the years ahead. You have given this coun-try incredible service, and we appre-ciate you for that. God bless you and Godspeed. 
f 
BABY FATEMEH (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, this is Fatemeh. She is not a terrorist. She is a 4-month-old baby girl who is in im-mediate need of open heart surgery. Her parents desperately want the best care for her, so they planned to bring her from their home in Iran to Port-land, Oregon, to one of the best hos-pitals for pediatric heart surgery. That is where Fatemeh’s uncle and grand-parents all live. They are U.S. citizens. Then President Trump hastily issued the executive order, and the family’s plans were brought to a halt. The order is supposed to expire in 90 days, but Fatemeh’s family does not know if she can wait that long. Now, I don’t know what the Presi-dent had in mind when he signed that order, but it probably wasn’t baby Fatemeh. Keeping 4-month-old babies out of our country does not make us safer. It puts her life in danger and it diminishes the United States in the eyes of the world. My office has reached out to Fatemeh’s family in Oregon to be of as-sistance, but it is heartbreaking and disgraceful that this even happened. I hope the courts invalidate this uncon-stitutional executive order soon, and I hope it is in time for baby Fatemeh. 
f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF MENTORING (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the importance and impact of mentoring in our society. I recently heard from a constituent, Karissa, who works with the Boys & Girls Club in my district in Bryant, Ar-kansas. One of her mentees was struggling, having trouble in school, finding it dif-ficult to build friendships with her fel-low students. Karissa’s guidance and encouragement helped build con-fidence, which led to participation in the school’s JROTC program and im-proving her camaraderie with her fel-low cadets. At-risk youth face many difficult challenges, and life is infinitely more challenging without the support of car-ing adults. With mentors, at-risk youth are less likely than their peers to skip school or use drugs and are more likely to go to college, play sports, and volunteer in our communities. Whether it is through a mentoring organization like Scouting or the Boys & Girls Clubs, a nonprofit, a religious institution, or school, being a positive influence for our young people goes a long way in strengthening our commu-nities and serving the best interest of our children. f 
b1130 DON’T REPEAL ACA WITHOUT A REPLACEMENT (Mr. HECK asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, Shirley is from my district, and I heard from her this past December when she told me about her daughter, Sarah. Sarah has had health problems all of her life and, unfortunately, because it has been too expensive, she has not been able to af-ford health insurance, but she was fi-nally able to be covered under the Af-fordable Care Act because of the his-toric Medicaid expansion. It made a big difference in her life because just 2 years ago, she was diagnosed with thy-roid cancer. Now, Sarah may be just a statistic to some, and, indeed, she is 1 of 601,000 Washingtonians who have been covered under the Medicaid expansion; 20,000 of whom have been treated for cancer. But to Sarah’s mother, Sarah can’t just be boiled down to an ACA sta-tistic. To Shirley, Sarah is her daugh-ter who will lose this coverage if Con-gress repeals the healthcare law with-out a comparable replacement. It would put Sarah, in her fight against thyroid cancer, back to square one. Friends and colleagues, I plead with you, go to your districts. Talk to the Shirleys; talk to the Sarahs. Listen to them. Their stories matter because they matter. 
f 
THE MENACE OF THE DESERT— WARMONGER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Ayatollah, the menace of the desert, had defied yet another U.N. resolution prohibiting missile tests. No surprise. Iran just can’t follow the rules. Time and time again, Iran has tested bal-listic missiles with no consequences. The last time, they launched two mis-siles with ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the Earth’’ written on them in Hebrew. Also, the Ayatollah has clearly stated numerous times he wants to destroy the United States. Even worse, Mr. Speaker, we are pay-ing him to do it. Yes, that is right. Obama slipped the rogue tyrant $150 billion hoping that appeasement would make the Ayatollah be nice. Well, guess what? Obama was wrong, and the U.S. is less safe. The Ayatollah, in my opinion, is using our money to build weapons to destroy us. Mr. Speaker, there must be clear con-sequences for the dictator of Iran and his mullah cronies for warmongering. The people of Iran need to change this regime, and the menace of the desert just needs to go. And that is just the way it is. f 
CONDEMNING ESCALATION OF VIO-LENCE IN UKRAINE BY RUSSIAN- BACKED SEPARATISTS (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I strongly condemn the escalation of violence in eastern Ukraine by Russian-backed separatists and call for an immediate withdrawal of heavy weapons. I am deeply concerned about the loss of life and deteriorating humanitarian conditions that exist there. There has been an ‘‘uncountable’’ amount of vio-lations of the Minsk agreement accord-ing to the OSCE. Russian separatist forces must immediately honor the ceasefire to allow for humanitarian as-sistance. I call on this administration to step up and see this through. Thousands have already died in this conflict, in-cluding at least eight in just the last 5 days. Seventeen thousand civilians, in-cluding 2,500 children, do not have ac-cess to water, electricity, or heat dur-ing the height of winter. I urge Secretary Tillerson to provide Ukraine with defensive weapons—as Congress has already approved—and to provide meaningful support to our Ukranian allies against Putin’s aggres-sion. When it comes to Russia, we must see this administration’s true colors. 
f 
CELEBRATING CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today marks the conclu-sion of the annual Catholic Schools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.023 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH964 February 3, 2017 
Week in America, and I rise today to celebrate these quality educational in-stitutions. This year, the theme celebrated was ‘‘Catholic Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowledge and Service.’’ Schools across the country observe the week with masses, open houses, and other activities for students, families, parishioners, and community members. Through these events, schools focus on the value Catholic education provides to young people and contributions to their church, communities, and to our Nation. Mr. Speaker, Catholic schools pro-vide an excellent education to Catho-lics and non-Catholics alike. These schools offer academic excellence and faith-filled education for students na-tionwide. National test scores, high school graduation rates, college at-tendance, and other data show Catholic schools frequently outperform schools in both the public and private sectors. While there have been challenges to enrollment in some areas, the good news is that there is a strong demand and enthusiasm for the rigorous and quality education Catholic schools pro-vide. Nearly 30 percent of the schools have waiting lists for admission, and new schools are opening across the country. Congratulations to all involved in Catholic Schools Week and your efforts to educate the next generation. 
f 
ISIS AND FORCES OF DARKNESS (Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, as many have explained on this floor, Trump’s executive order, his Muslim ban, repudiates our values and violates our Constitution. After 20 years on the Foreign Affairs Committee, I think it is important to come to this floor and explain how that executive order is harmful to our na-tional security. Trump’s executive order plays right into the ISIS nar-rative. It says that there is a clash of civilizations and that all Islam is our enemy. ISIS, which has, perhaps, a few hundred thousand followers, dreams of convincing all of Islam—dreams of con-vincing 1.5 billion Muslims—that they are at war with America and the West. We do not have a clash of civiliza-tions. We have a clash between civiliza-tion and the forces of darkness bent on destroying civilization, whether they reside in Raqqa or at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF GRANT RONNEBECK (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of a young man who would have been my constituent. Two years ago last week, 21-year-old Grant Ronnebeck was manning the counter at a Mesa, Arizona conven-ience store. An illegal alien walked into the store and shot Grant in the head, killing him, over a pack of ciga-rettes that the man did not want to pay for. The illegal immigrant, Apolinar Altamirano, had been out on bond awaiting deportation due to a violent criminal history. Grant had his whole life ahead of him, but lost it because of the failure of his government to pro-tect him from criminally violent, ille-gal immigrants. I have introduced H.R. 486, otherwise known as Grant’s Law. This bill would end the practice of releasing illegal aliens guilty of deportable crimes so they are no longer a danger to innocent American citizens. I was emboldened last week when President Donald Trump invited Grant’s father, Steve, to the White House to witness the signing of an ex-ecutive order administratively ending this dangerous policy. I am thankful for a President that protects Ameri-cans and seeks the rule of law. How-ever, if Congress fails to pass H.R. 486, this policy remains a temporary Presi-dential order and does not carry the permanent force of law. We must make sure that Grant’s fate never again happens to any young man or woman. We must pass Grant’s Law. f 
THE WEEK IN REVIEW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, here it is, Friday. It has been a good week in Washington. We have gotten some of President Trump’s nominees approved and through the Senate. Call them like you see them, I think. Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL  has done a great job this week. I ap-plaud his efforts. And as a result of what President Trump has been doing—and actually part of it is just his getting elected—has done for our economy because people know—at least a lot of people know—he is going to keep his word. He is already showing he is doing that, and he has repealed some of the executive orders that have been doing so much damage to our economy. And when we say economy, what we mean is, the rank and file people, the backbone of America who have been struggling, who have made less money than they did 8 years ago when ad-justed for inflation. Those are the peo-ple we are talking about; those who have been out of work, the 94 or 95 mil-lion who have become so desperate, they pulled out of even applying for work. I enjoyed, to an extent, the exchange between my friend, K
EVIN MCCARTHY  and my friend across the aisle Leader HOYER . And I get amused when I hear Democrats quoting Senator M
CCAIN and Senator G
RAHAM —wonderful peo-ple. L
INDSEY GRAHAM , it is a real joy to be around talking to L
INDSEY GRAHAM . But if you look at positions they have taken, it would make you think twice about quoting them as positions you wanted to have supporting yours. I mean, nothing stands taller than the 30 million of the 90 million or so living in Egypt, when they rose up that June because a Muslim brother named Morsi was seizing power. He was on his way to becoming the Chavez in North Africa, and the people rose up. It was not only the largest peaceful dem-onstration in the history of the world, it was the largest demonstration in the history of the world. All over Egypt, moderate Muslims, Christians, Jews, secularists, they all rose up, went to the streets and de-manded the removal of the man who would be king, the Muslim brother named Morsi. The difference in this king is, as many of the Egyptians have pointed out when I have been in Cairo and other places, he wasn’t just going to be king. He was going to be the pup-pet of the spiritual leader of Islam in Egypt. Some of my Egyptian friends, when I have been over there, say: yeah, we have seen video of him taking his or-ders from the spiritual imam, and he followed his leadership. So if that is true, then he wasn’t just going to be king. He was going to be a king puppet. But the Muslim brother was removed as a result of 30 million people rising up peacefully. Morsi only, allegedly, got around 13 million to claim the win and made clear his opponent knew—for the original Presidential election—that if he raised a stink about any votes being fraudulent, they would burn the country down—that was some of his supporters. Because the Muslim Broth-erhood, if you go back and check, when churches are burned, it is normally the Muslim Brotherhood over there. In Egypt, they had been anathema to representative government, to civilized government, to nonsectarian govern-ment. They want a new caliphate to start with basically the old Ottoman Empire and Erdogan in Turkey; he is undoing all of the great reforms made by the great Ataturk nearly 100 years ago, and he is undoing them. b1145 There are those in Turkey who would like to see a caliphate—a new Ottoman Empire—and it have its leadership in Turkey. They long for the days when they ruled an expansive caliphate. I had a reporter say: Why would you say that? I said: Go look at a map. I know you weren’t ever taught what the Ottoman Empire was. Go look at a map and look at the countries where our President is supporting an uprising that eventually, if we don’t stop it, will become anarchy or it will become part of the caliphate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.026 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H965 February 3, 2017 
The new jobs report that is just out: 227,000 new jobs. And from what I’m hearing from constituents, these aren’t just the part-time jobs or the minimum wage jobs that the previous President bragged about. He had to brag about it because he didn’t have anything else to talk about. People lost their full-time jobs and could only acquire part-time jobs, and this administration bragged about those. If they got two part-time jobs to make up for losing their full- time job, this Administration bragged: We created two jobs. I would submit that when you are creating two jobs by causing a person to lose all of their benefits and full- time employment, you haven’t done such a good thing. Fortunately, the people of Egypt did not listen to Senator M
CCAINand Sen-ator G
RAHAM when they flew to Cairo and begged for the people of Egypt to return the Muslim ‘‘brother who would be king’’ back into his royal kingship. I know they weren’t intentionally sup-porting an evil ruler; it is just they didn’t know. So, hopefully, they will become more aware that it is not a good thing to support the Muslim Brotherhood. With regard to Australia and the al-leged news about President Trump get-ting into it with the leader of Aus-tralia, well, to whom is the leader of Australia accountable? To whom does the leader of Australia owe his alle-giance? It is the people of Australia. So when he calls or talks to President Trump and begs or demands Trump to take these refugees that the Prime Minister in Australia knows are a threat to the safety of the Australian people, when he wants them out of Australia, there is a reason—because his allegiance is not to the people of the United States—his allegiance is to the people of Australia. So, naturally, being alle-giant to the people of Australia, he wants the dangerous refugees out of Australia. President Obama, basically by his ac-tions, in effect, was saying: Give us not your tired, your poor, the people yearn-ing to be free, but give us your people that yearn to destroy America because we’re going to bring them in. We’re not going to vet them properly because we have got no information to properly vet them. That’s how we have been able to let people in who had their fin-gerprints on IEDs that killed Ameri-cans, and maimed Americans because we are not properly vetting them. Oh, yeah, we compare any informa-tion we have against what we’ve got. But don’t forget, as Phil Haney, the whistleblower from Homeland Secu-rity, pointed out, he was personally re-quired to delete massive pages of infor-mation about terrorist ties of people coming into the United States because they did not want those terrorist ties in the Homeland Security database. Then he also, of course, was on his computer when he saw somebody above his pay grade deleting things that he personally put in about terrorist ties. They were deleting them. So when Janet Napolitano talks about, We get a ping and we connect the dots, she caused massive numbers of dots to be deleted. They are not there. We don’t know who we are get-ting. When anyone comes from Syria— we know ISIS has taken governmental printing areas before. They can produce official Syrian passports not with the support of the Syrian Govern-ment, but just because they have the equipment to do it. So when we get in-formation saying, I am from Syria, maybe they are, and maybe they’re not. We don’t know where they’re from. The FBI Director created one of the most incredible political stunts of any FBI Director in history last summer when he stepped up and outlined that a crime had been committed by Presi-dential candidate Hillary Clinton. But then he goes on to say: But no reason-able prosecutor would pursue this. It is incredible the extent he went to to help Hillary Clinton. I know there were some of my Demo-cratic friends that got mad at him when a week before the election he said that they were reopening the investiga-tion. But if you look at the cir-cumstances, it was information that we had FBI agents who were so upset that Comey wouldn’t reopen the inves-tigation. When they knew some of what was in the computers that they had gotten ahold of belonged to An-thony Weiner and Hillary Clinton’s closest adviser and confidante, Huma Abedin Weiner, the word was we had FBI agents saying that: If you don’t re-open, we’re going to have a press con-ference, we’re going to resign, and we’re going to out you that you’re pro-tecting Hillary Clinton. So what could he do to help Hillary Clinton but say: ‘‘I am going to reopen the investiga-tion?’’ I commented to somebody in the media back then: 
Well, of course, it may appear to help Hil-lary. We will know whether that was his in-tent or not because you can’t examine tens of thousands of emails adequately. You can do an algorithm search, but you can’t ade-quately investigate them for a crime, includ-ing false statements to the FBI, within a week. So if he comes out before the election and says that there is nothing here, then we know why he came out and said that we are reopening. It was to stop FBI agents from re-signing and from outing him for protecting Hillary Clinton. 
So what happens? Two days before the election, he said: Yeah, we checked it all out. He couldn’t possibly have. He said: We checked it all out, and there is nothing here to prosecute. So that same FBI Director, though, didn’t help the Obama administration. On occasion, he was calling them like he saw them; and that is: 
Yeah, we will vet these people, but when they give us information from Syria, we have no information against which to vet that. We have to accept it for what it is be-cause, yeah, we’re technically vetting it against what we have, but we have nothing, so we don’t know who these people are. So, in the meantime, the economy is turning around. How sad is it when we have just lived through 8 years under a President’s policies that were so abysmal for the good of America that the economy, when adjusted for inflation, was slower than it was in the 4 years of Jimmy Carter? I know there are some in the media that would grab 1 month and say: See, this was a good month. Let’s look at the 8 years compared to the 4 years of President Carter, 4 of the worst years for the American economy in history since the Depression. Presi-dent Obama, over 8 years, had a slower economy when adjusted for inflation. That is pretty sad. It is also sad this week to read this article from The Daily Caller: ‘‘Laura Wilkerson, whose teenage son was tor-tured and murdered by an illegal alien in 2010, got into an emotional con-frontation with House Democratic Mi-nority Leader Nancy Pelosi at a CNN town hall event Tuesday night. ‘‘Wilkerson told Pelosi, ‘In 2010, one of the illegals slaughtered my son. He tortured him, he beat him, he tied him up like an animal, and he set him on fire. And I am not a one-story mother. This happens every day because there are no laws enforced at the border. We have to start giving American families first.’ ‘‘On the issue of Pelosi and Demo-crats’ support for sanctuary cities, Wilkerson asked, ‘How do you reconcile in your head about allowing people to disavow the law?’ ‘‘‘There’s nothing, I’m sure, that can compare to the grief that you have, and so I pray for you,’ Pelosi said.’’ P
ELOSI went on: ‘‘But I do want to say to you that in our sanctuary cities, our people are not disobeying the law. These are law-abiding citizens. It en-ables them to be there without being reported to ICE in case of another crime that they might bear witness to.’’ ‘‘Pelosi then asked if her son was murdered in a sanctuary city. Josh, Wilkerson’s son, was murdered just outside Houston, Texas, which is a sanctuary city.’’ So I believe in the power of prayer. I think it’s one of the greatest gifts God gave us. C.S. Lewis talked about we are here on Earth behind enemy lines, if you would. Can you imagine being behind enemy lines and getting messages from your home headquarters and you refuse to open them and read them? He says that we have a Bible. Those are messages from our home head-quarters. We ought to be reading them. I do believe in the power of prayer, just like our minority leader, Ms. P
ELOSI ; but we need to distinguish be-tween things that we should pray for and things that we can fix ourselves. Things that are outside our control, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.028 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH966 February 3, 2017 
ought to be praying about. Those things which are in our control—when it is within your control—to return to the rule of law, enforce the laws that exist, treat everybody fairly under the law, that’s something you don’t really have to pray about. You just help us do it. I have not met Tommy Nelson, a pas-tor in Denton, Texas, but I listened to a 12-hour Bible study he did; and one of his comments on that study in Eccle-siastes was basically what so many people say: We don’t have to worry; God is in control. Tommy Nelson said: Yeah, God is in control, but just because He is in con-trol doesn’t mean He wants us to lean on our shovel and pray for a hole. When you have got a shovel in your hand, you don’t have to pray for a hole; you just start digging. When you have got the tools to pro-tect the American people and enforce the rule of law, you just do it. Now, you can pray for wisdom to help you as you go. I know it may have been a Freudian slip—may not have been—but when Mi-nority Leader P
ELOSI was asked about illegal aliens, she referred to them as ‘‘our people.’’ I don’t know; could that be because they know when illegal aliens vote, they vote Democrat? We know that most dead people vote 100 percent Democrat. I have encour-aged the Republican Party: Let’s don’t have any group that we’re not willing to recruit votes from, and traditionally dead people vote 100 percent Democrat. Perhaps it’s time that some of them started voting Republican for a change. In any event, the minority whip, Mr. H
OYER , was talking about a fellow with tears in his eyes saying: Please don’t repeal ObamaCare because my son will be unable to get insurance if you repeal ObamaCare. Well, that gets to all of us when somebody with tears in their eyes comes to us and begs for help. The only reason he had tears in his eyes is be-cause of the false information being put out by the Democratic Party, be-cause when we repeal ObamaCare, peo-ple are not going to lose their insur-ance. Some Americans have a right to be skeptical because they were told by President Obama and all of the Demo-crats: No, no, when we pass ObamaCare, nobody loses their insur-ance. Well, we found out that that was a lie to millions of Americans. Some of them were able to get insurance. Some of it ended up being Medicaid. Most of the new people got Medicaid, which is not really the insurance they were hop-ing for, but that’s the insurance most people got. b1200 I had 17 people come to my office in Lufkin. They were looking to make a show and not so much to give informa-tion; otherwise, they would have called for an appointment. My district representative there was at a service honoring her late father at a hospice and she forgot, in her emo-tional state, to put a note on the door that she was running to that. Anyway, they made a big deal, here is an office not occupied. Hopefully, they will have a little sympathy for somebody in her situation. But they weren’t looking to get in-formation to me. That is why the re-porter had more information about the meeting when my office had no infor-mation about the meeting. If they want an appointment, we make ap-pointments. I am here most of the time, so I can’t be there. I have got people to meet with them. This article, February 1, Melissa Quinn, Daily Signal: ‘‘Pamela Weldin’s experiences with ObamaCare can be boiled down to just a few numbers. Since the health care law’s imple-mentation 3 years ago, Weldin, 60, has lost her insurance four different times’’—under ObamaCare. ‘‘And the Nebraska woman is currently enrolled in her fifth new insurance policy in four years.’’ She said: ‘‘‘Yet again, and through no fault of my own’. . . . ‘I’m just sit-ting here minding my own business, and here we go again.’’’ She gets thrown off another insurance policy. Anyway, she goes on to explain she has been denied coverage because of a preexisting condition related to her ca-reer as a dental hygienist. People are not going to lose their in-surance. All we are going to do is cre-ate the opportunity to have far better insurance policies than you have got under ObamaCare. You are not going to get a penalty for having better insur-ance than what ObamaCare required. So you don’t have to pay a penalty, and you can have good insurance and you won’t be taxed for having better insur-ance. It is going to be a great day for America to do that. That brings me to a point I want to get to next about the wall. An article here, February 1, Virginia Hale from Breitbart, says: ‘‘Smuggling Migrants to Europe Now a Major Fund-ing Source for Islamic State.’’ Well, it only makes sense that the Is-lamic State would figure that out, be-cause we had information they con-sulted with the drug cartels in Mexico. As the Border Patrolmen have told me during the middle of the night the times I have been down there, there is not an inch of the Mexican border that is not controlled by some drug cartel. Nobody crosses that border illegally without paying something to the drug cartel or promising to work for them when they get to America. What a great business model. You are selling drugs, making billions of dol-lars getting it across the border ille-gally into the United States, and, un-like most businesses where you have to pay the employee, they get the em-ployee to pay them as part of their debt repayment to get them into the United States. So, what a business model, making billions from selling drugs illegally gotten into the United States, and then the Department of Homeland Security, as one told me down on the border: They call us their logistics, in the drug cartels, because we ship people all over the country to cities where they need drug sales, prostitutes, mules. We send them there, and then they have got people selling drugs for them. If we build a wall—and I know there are areas like where the Rio Grande is so wide you don’t need a wall, you just have people guard the border—it cuts off the massive flow of drugs into the United States. It means the billions of dollars going to the drug cartels that they can use to corrupt the Mexican Government will dry up to thousands. Drug cartels know it. So I would submit, Mr. Speaker, the only Mexican leaders that object to a wall and total security of our border between Mexico are either ignorant— they don’t understand that the reason they are 60-something in world econo-mies instead of being fourth or fifth or sixth is because of the corruption that comes from the drug cartels. You dry up the billions of dollars they are mak-ing with a wall and border security, and Mexico gets in the top 10 econo-mies. But, yes, it means the drug car-tels dry up. They are either ignorant of what will really happen when we secure the border or they are in the pocket of the drug cartels. Those are the only two choices. If you are a Mexican leader and you oppose the United States enforcing our border, you are in the pocket of the drug cartels or you are just ignorant of why your economy is not one of the top 10 in the world. You have got the best location. You have got two continents north and south above you. They would be great markets. You have got two great oceans on either side to ship. You have got incredible natural resources. You have got some of the hardest working people in the world in Mexico. So why is it so far down the chain of economies? Well, drug cartels. The wall and border security will dry them up and the Mexican people will be free with a vibrant economy, and they will take their appropriate place in the great economies of the world. I have been joined by my friend from Florida, and I mean that truly. I think the world of M
ATTGAETZ . I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). Mr. GAETZ. I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak to the danger that is currently posed by the Islamic Republic of Iran. Iran and its fundamentalist govern-ment pose the gravest threat to global peace, stability in the Middle East, and Israel’s existence. Iran continues to extend its dan-gerous hegemony through the region in places such as Lebanon, by arming and training Hezbollah; in Gaza, by arming Hamas; in Syria, Iraq, and Yemen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.029 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H967 February 3, 2017 
Iran’s taking hostage of U.S. sailors and its continued ballistic missile tests and death threats to Israel highlights Iran’s evil intentions and the need for the United States to play a leading role in rolling back Iran’s growing influence and its push to destabilize the Middle East and the world. These issues have been exacerbated by the irresponsible and catastrophic nuclear deal between Iran and the P5+1. It is obvious to anyone that the $150 billion given to Iran will be used to fund more terror and further Iran’s de-structive ambitions. In addition, the nuclear deal legitimizes Iran’s ability to enrich uranium and functionally en-sures Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon within 10 years. The deal is structured to mask Iran’s inevitable noncompli-ance. As a member of the Florida Legisla-ture, I had supported Florida’s Iran di-vestment. As a Member of Congress, I very much look forward to reauthor-izing the Iran Sanctions Act. I am extremely proud of President Trump and his administration for en-acting appropriate sanctions against Iranian officials who have been en-gaged in the most recent destructive and destabilizing nuclear tests. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, Ameri-cans, Israelis, and all citizens of the world who aspire to peace continue to be harmed by the reckless and irre-sponsible foreign policy of the past President’s administration. Former President Obama believed in a policy of appeasement toward Iran. This is not dissimilar to the policies of appease-ment that Neville Chamberlain used when confronting the threats of Nazi Germany. But if President Obama was America’s Neville Chamberlain, per-haps his time has given rise to Donald Trump and the opportunity to be America’s Winston Churchill. I support President Trump’s efforts to send a message to Iran that ballistic missile testing will not be tolerated. Iran only understands strength. For the last 8 years, they have seen from this country far too much weakness and far too much willingness to accept their destructive role in the world. Mr. Speaker, the way Iran operates is through a series of franchises for ter-ror. Whether that is Hamas or Hezbollah, the Houthis in Yemen, we see time and time again Iran acting as a neo-Persian, neo-Ottoman Empire. That cannot be tolerated in a peaceful world. It cannot be tolerated in the most dangerous neighborhood on Earth. It underscores the purpose of Americans speaking with resolve and with strength in condemning the most recent ballistic missile tests and in standing with our greatest ally, Israel. It was shameful that, in the waning hours of the Obama administration, President Obama was willing to allow the United Nations to take action against Israel while continuing its fur-therance of appeasement toward some of the most dangerous countries on the planet Earth who do not share our val-ues or our interests. So I am glad to see an American reset, a resurgent America again speaking to the great values that have functioned as a beacon of hope for the world for generations. That is what we must return to, and that is what Presi-dent Trump is doing today. I applaud his administration. I applaud his Sec-retary of the Treasury for stepping for-ward and advancing these needed sanc-tions. I am hopeful that this Congress will continue to take action to show sup-port for President Trump in this en-deavor, but we must also recognize that this is but a first step. So much damage has been done to the cause of peace for the last 8 years under Presi-dent Obama, and we have much work to do in this Congress, whether it is re-building and restoring our military so that we can be a force for peace, wheth-er it is making sure that our allies know that we will stand with them, or whether it is making sure that our ad-versaries know that we are very seri-ous and there will be serious con-sequences for their bad behavior. I am proud of this America that we are working toward together. I am proud of these policies. The gentleman from Texas may now wish to speak to the importance of Americans speaking with a voice of clarity for peace, prosperity, and strength throughout the Middle East and the world. Mr. GOHMERT. If the gentleman might take a question. I appreciate that clarity. It is clarity that has been missing for a long time. We have people screaming that Presi-dent Trump should not have put a tem-porary pause that was half as long as the pause President Obama put on. I understand there is so much stress and pressure when you are President; he probably just forgot he put a 6-month ban, previously, on a Muslim nation sending people in. You made so clear the case for con-cern about Iran, and I am with you. I am thrilled that we have a President that is not choosing to give our lunch money, figuratively speaking, to the big bully in the schoolyard. I don’t know if my friend from Flor-ida ever got bullied in elementary school. I did. I learned early on that it doesn’t help to give bullies money. They are not going to leave you alone until you stand up to them. Maybe they whip you, but they don’t want to go through what you put them through again by standing up to them, so they leave you alone. In our case, we are strong enough to take on any bully; but instead, we paid the big bully, Iran, as you pointed out, massive amounts, billions and billions of dollars. We agreed to pay them up to $150 billion. We have got some friends here in Congress in the House and Senate that were so upset with the President hav-ing this 90-day pause on seven coun-tries. They didn’t realize—I know we get so busy here that we don’t notice a lot of other things, but they apparently hadn’t realized that those seven coun-tries were designated by the Obama ad-ministration. One of them, Iran, a country you have talked so eloquently about, we have people here in this body that don’t think we should hold up ref-ugees from Iran. As the gentleman was talking about, the Government of Iran has not shown any good faith at all. Would the gen-tleman be concerned about having peo-ple that the Iranian Government al-lowed to slip out of the country and come into the United States? Do you have any problem with President Obama’s pause on that refugee surge into the United States? Mr. GAETZ. I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. Isn’t it refreshing to have a President of the United States who is willing to do, in office, precisely the things he said he would do on the campaign trail, notably, putting the interests of Amer-icans and the security of Americans first in a world that even former Sec-retary of State George Shultz said is more dangerous and perilous today than the highest tensions of the Cold War? b1215 So to specifically answer the gentle-man’s question, I am grateful that President Trump is prioritizing the se-curity of Americans. My hope is that in the 115th Congress, we will work with the President, with his administration to ensure that, as we continue to ma-ture these policies and advance them, we do them in a way that is easily un-derstandable for those enforcing them and for the American people, and that it sends a message to the world that America continues to be the most gen-erous country on the planet when it comes to welcoming individuals who share our values and who aspire to be productive and prosperous and inclu-sive. What we have no tolerance for are those who would want to come to the United States of America not to be part of the American experience, but to destroy it. Too often that has not just been the fear that we have felt from some who have been embedded by Daesh within refugees, but it is exactly what is preached by the Government of Iran. How silly of the United States to think that we would give hundreds of billions of dollars to a nation that calls America the Great Satan, that seeks to wipe Israel off of planet Earth, and be-lieve that that money will be used for peaceful purposes. It won’t. Iran’s de-sires for expanded hegemony are not to stabilize the Middle East, they are ex-pressly to destabilize the Middle East. This regime in Iran will never share America’s values, so America should not be funding the very destructive be-havior that has done so much to harm the lives of so many people. The gentleman from Texas brings up a great point. If we hadn’t endured the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.030 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH968 February 3, 2017 
policies of appeasement for the last 8 years, if America hadn’t withdrawn from the world stage so suddenly, then perhaps we would not have the condi-tions in the Middle East that have made life so difficult for people that they have wanted so badly to be refu-gees to Europe and to the United States. We should want countries to succeed that are willing to be stable and inclusive, but those who are our sworn enemies, those who do not share our values should receive no quarter from the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I have the great honor to serve on the House Committee on Armed Services. We received briefings this week, thanks to Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY , from General Petraeus and other national security experts. They reinforced the fact that the world is dangerous as a consequence of Amer-ican withdrawal. I am grateful that the 115th Congress will stand with Presi-dent Trump in his agenda to rebuild our military, to rebuild our standing, and to make very clear to the world that we will be with you if you want peace. But if you aspire to spread ter-ror, there is no role for you on the global stage, and we will not do the things to elevate those terrible regimes to any place of prominence. This is a great time for revival and renewal in this country, and as Ameri-cans do more to rebuild the country in-ternally and grow our economy and achieve more prosperity with lower and fairer taxes, with a regulatory climate that is more acceptable for a pros-perous country, we also have to keep an eye on the world and our position on the global stage. I think that it is re-freshing that that is a time of revival and restoration of American promi-nence, because the world is a safer place when America is the strongest country in the world. President Trump’s actions today to create sanc-tions against those who have been di-rectly involved in ballistic missile tests send a clear message: We will stand with our allies, and we will stand against the enemies of peace. Mr. GOHMERT. Those are such great points. The counterargument is made often to us: ‘‘Other than the San Bernardino shootings, has there been a terrorist attack involving a non-U.S.- born attacker since 9/11?’’ There was a great article in The Fed-eralist by Kyle Shideler on January 30. He answers: Yes, but first of all, why exclude the San Bernardino killers, terrorists? Tashfeen Malik was born in Paki-stan, and that attack killed 14. As Phil Haney, the whistleblower from Home-land Security, pointed out, if he had not been removed from the line, he would have been allowed to secondarily question someone like Tashfeen Malik. It is worth noting, under the Obama administration, under Jeh Johnson, and before him, Janet Napolitano, they punished people who pointed out rad-ical Islamists rather than giving them positions where they could recognize radical Islamists. Phil Haney points out that Tashfeen Malik is actually a man’s name. The woman came, and if she had come through him, he would have asked: Well, why do you have a man’s name, and it happens to be a man who was a terrorist centuries ago? Well, to ask a question like that, you have to be well educated into the his-tory of radical Islam. Not Islam, but radical Islam. We have spent so much money as a country and even as a Congress on countering violent extremism. We hear from Homeland Security whistle-blowers—some of them don’t want to go public yet, but we hear from them that so much of that money was spent on conferences and seminars teaching our Homeland Security agents, our FBI agents, our State Department people, our intelligence people to spot Islamophobes. They would teach them the phrases to look for when someone reported a potential radical Islamist so that they would know that that is an Islamophobe. That is exactly why in San Bernardino, when someone re-ported this guy as a potential radical Islamist, that he was crazy, that he was going to hurt somebody, they wrote him off as just being prejudiced against Islam. It is because of the money spent by this government in-timidating people into refusing to no-tice radical Islam and getting them punished. If they didn’t find people who they named Islamophobes, their career was over. Mr. GAETZ. Will the gentleman yield for a question? Mr. GOHMERT. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. GAETZ. I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman is from Texas. I am from Florida. Both of our States have seen many of the negative economic consequences of illegal immi-gration, but my question relates to the negative national security con-sequences that result from illegal im-migration. We are receiving more reports that ISIS, Daesh, other Islamic fundamen-talists are exploiting America’s weak-ness on our southern border with Mex-ico for their own economic gain, as well as to smuggle people into the United States who may function as lone wolves or even as a part of a co-ordinated terrorist attack against Americans. So I would hope that the gentleman would speak to the interconnectivity between the need for strong border se-curity and a wall on our southern bor-der with Mexico and the risks posed by Islamic fundamentalism. Mr. GOHMERT. I thank the gen-tleman. I would also note, as this Fed-eralist article points out, yeah, of course, when there is a terrorist at-tack, it also affects the economy. That is why Osama bin Laden wrote about how they had only spent a tiny amount of money to train their people from 9/ 11 and that it had clearly cost America trillions of dollars, that even if they couldn’t bring us down any other way, if they could do other attacks like that, costing relatively low amounts to them but costing us billions and tril-lions, they could bring us down eco-nomically. So it only makes sense, though, Iran wants to bring us down, so they ought to be one of the seven that the Obama administration named as a threat, and they were. But even just recently at Ohio State University, Abdul Razak Ali Artan ran over several students with a car before attacking them with a butcher knife. That was a refugee born in Somalia, one of the seven coun-tries that the Obama administration named as a threat, and so President Trump took the Obama administration seriously and named them as one of seven, that we would have not a perma-nent ban but a temporary ban for 90 days. The guy ran over numerous stu-dents at Ohio State, but our friends on the other side of the aisle and their friends in the mass media, they refuse to notice what is going on. Look at Tsarnaev, the Tsarnaev brothers in Boston. As we know, Russia notified the United States not once but twice that the older Tsarnaev had been radicalized, and he had been to a coun-try, and the people he hung around with were radicals, and it seemed like they probably radicalized him. So what happens? Well, they get in-formation to our intelligence commu-nity, and, since, they have been trained for the last 8 years to only notice Islamophobes. You can tell someone is an Islamophobe if they complain about a radical Islamist, then you know you have got an Islamophobe. So of course if they want to stay in the intelligence community, they are not going to be looking. They are going to follow their training, look for Islamophobes instead of looking for radical Islamists. I am sure they looked into it, but, based on their training, they have no basis to work with. So what happens? Russia notified us again. As I understand, they notified the FBI. And as the FBI Director com-mented, look, we sent an FBI agent to interview him, and he said, basically, he wasn’t a terrorist, he was a good guy. Wow. Imagine that. Somebody who wants to kill Americans might also lie. Who would have ever thought? Except American juries. I have seen it as a judge. I have seen juries find that if you will lie to them, you may do a lot worse things as well. Well, the re-verse is also true. Often, if you are willing to take someone’s life, you might just be willing to lie about it as well. So the FBI didn’t even stop there, taking the word. They didn’t take the word of Tsarnaev. They went to his mother, and apparently his mother said: No, my son is not a terrorist. He is a good boy. He is a good boy. There you go, full FBI investigation. Not under the old FBI. Not the way most FBI agents have ever been trained. But, of course, under the last 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.032 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H969 February 3, 2017 
years of training of the FBI, they were afraid to ask the tough questions. The truth is, they don’t know the questions to ask. They don’t know that you should ask about whether there has been a tremendous increase in the amount of study of the Koran and a massive increase in the memorization of the Koran, and a change in the ap-pearance, and knowing what to look for, and asking questions like: What do you think about Qutb, the Egyptian martyr, the Muslim brother who wrote the little book ‘‘Milestones’’ that Osama bin Laden said, along with Mr. Nasif, for whom Huma Abedin worked at one time according to the masthead of the publication, he credited Nasif and also Qutb’s book ‘‘Milestones’’ to radicalizing him. If you haven’t been trained with Kim Jensen’s 700 pages, which were out-lawed by the FBI for a while, because he clearly explained what FBI agents should be looking for. Mr. Jensen told me that they banned his information, they struck it, and wouldn’t allow any-body to be trained. Under incident in-formation, they train people what to look for in a radical Islamist. But then they brought it back, but only for some of the leaders. The rank and file for so long under this administration did not get the benefit of his 700 pages that would help train. Why? Because CAIR, the Council on American Islamic Rela-tions, who had implications in the Holy Land Foundation trial, the biggest sup-porter of terrorism ever prosecuted in the United States, convictions all around in November of 2008, and they should have gone on to prosecute the named co-conspirators. The only rea-son they didn’t is because a new admin-istration came in. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed—the mas-termind of 9/11, of the brutal killing of about 3,000 Americans and other for-eigners, innocent victims—has bragged about his planning. In a guilty plea where the judge went through, as I used to, to make sure they understood their rights, he bragged about that and some terrorist attacks they didn’t even know he had involvement in. He was bragging. b1230 And he says, if we have terrorized you, then praise be to Allah. And he says such things as we deserve attack, we deserve to be killed in America, anyone who is a low-life Jew or says that God has a Son. So those of us who believe God had a Son, and He loved the world so much He sent His only begotten Son and whosoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life, anybody who believes that is worthy of death under the Koran, according to the bril-liant teacher and mastermind of the 9/ 11 attack. And then he quotes from the Koran that anyone who tries to com-bine someone with Allah is worthy of death, and that means any Christian. They have explained these things. But Khalid Sheikh Mohammed went through an expansive hearing with a judge explaining what all he was in-volved in and why he was guilty of 9/11 and praise be to Allah for all of the people that were killed on 9/11 at the Pentagon, at the World Trade Centers. Why was he not sentenced? Because we had an election in 2008, and before the plea was made final, we had a new Attorney General named Eric Holder. At that point, all bets were off. They didn’t follow up the plea was with-drawn, and he still hasn’t been sen-tenced for the things he admitted to over 8 years ago. Had they simply moved forward with the guilty plea, if we had had a Presi-dent for the last 8 years that made clear ‘‘you might as well plead guilty because nobody else is going to let you out,’’ then we would have finished the guilty plea, and he would have been ap-propriately sentenced. But instead, this administration chose to send hope to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed he might end up being one of the people they re-lease; because, if they close Guanta-namo Bay, he either gets moved to the United States or we let him go, maybe like we have for some who went to Yemen and are back in the fight, or other people like Saudi Arabia and are back in the fight. He had real hope once President Obama came in and Eric Holder be-came Attorney General, and Loretta Lynch after him, that he might get re-leased even after he admitted to the most important role in the killing of 3,000 people on American soil on 9/11. He still has not been prosecuted. They didn’t follow up on his guilty plea. The plea was withdrawn. That man should not be allowed out of prison. He is a threat to the world, and he is a valuable tool in the hands of radical Islam. Well, thank God, as President Obama said, elections have consequences. We have a President who didn’t take an oath of office to protect all of the peo-ple of Australia. He made clear that our friends will know they are our friends, and I can see him working very closely with the Prime Minister of Aus-tralia in the future. But leaders around the world are now taking notice: Wait a minute. America has a President that is not coming to us and apologizing for America’s goodness and their pursuit of freedom for as many people as they can—not apologizing. He is making clear, if you are our friend, you are going to feel it. If you are our enemy, you are going to feel it. So I think Iran may have finally met their match. We don’t have an apolo-gist to come in and apologize for Amer-ica’s efforts, the blood, the treasure that has been spent on behalf of people around the world. And now even our Australian Prime Minister understands: Look, I want to work with you—President Trump feels that way; he wants to work with them, and he will work with them—but my oath is to the United States of America and I know your oath is to Australia. I know because of your oath to help and protect the people of Australia you want to get rid of those refugees, some of whom may be dangerous. I know President Obama said: Yeah, we will take the dangerous people that may hurt Australians. Never mind we have got Americans being hurt. We will take them. Well, there is a different sheriff in town here in Washington, and leaders around the world need to know that starting on January 20, the United States is no longer going to take ac-tions that are detrimental to our own well-being, to the well-being of Ameri-cans, and to the security of the United States under our Constitution. So thank God, thank Trump, thank those that are seeing with clarity what is going on. We will look forward to working with the Mexican leaders that realize the only way Mexico ever achieves its rightful economic place in the world is if a wall is built where it can be so that our border is enforced and the drug car-tels are impoverished. Then Mexico can be one of the top economies in all the world because of the best workers, some of the best workers in the world, and massive natural resources with which they have been blessed. They just, so far, have not had America be the kind of good neighbor that would help them stop the drug cartels. In-stead, we would have Presidents, ad-ministrations like the past one, that would send 2,000 weapons to the drug cartels instead of stopping them. It is a new day. Thank God it is. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. E
VANS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Ms. C
LARKE of New York (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of du-ties in congressional district. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION  
AND INFRASTRUCTURE FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 2, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2(a) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives and clause (b) of rule I of the Rules of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, I submit the Rules of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure for the 115th Congress for publica-tion in the Congressional Record. On Janu-ary 31, 2017, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure met in open ses-sion and adopted these Committee Rules by voice vote with a quorum present. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE7.033 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH970 February 3, 2017 
RULE I . GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) A
PPLICABILITY OF HOUSE RULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Rules of the House are the rules of the Committee and its sub-committees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are non-debatable privileged motions in the Committee and its sub-committees. (2) S
UBCOMMITTEES .—Each subcommittee is part of the Committee, and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and its rules so far as applicable. (3) I
NCORPORATION OF HOUSE RULE ON COM -
MITTEE PROCEDURE .—Rule XI of the Rules of the House, which pertains entirely to Com-mittee procedure, is incorporated and made a part of the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. Pursuant to clause 2(a)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman of the Committee is authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chair-man considers it appropriate. (b) P
UBLICATION OF RULES .—Pursuant to clause 2(a) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Committee’s rules shall be pub-licly available in electronic form and pub-lished in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Chairman is elected in each odd-numbered year. (c) V
ICECHAIRMAN .—The Chairman shall appoint a vice chairman of the Committee and of each subcommittee. If the Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee is not present at any meeting of the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be, the vice chairman shall preside. If the vice chairman is not present, the ranking member of the majority party on the Committee or sub-committee who is present shall preside at that meeting. 
RULE II . REGULAR , ADDITIONAL , AND SPECIAL  
MEETINGS  (a) R
EGULAR MEETINGS .—Regular meetings of the Committee shall be held on the last Wednesday of every month to transact its business unless such day is a holiday, or the House is in recess or is adjourned, in which case the Chairman shall determine the reg-ular meeting day of the Committee for that month. A regular meeting of the Committee may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chairman, there is no need for the meet-ing. This paragraph shall not apply to meet-ings of any subcommittee. (b) A
DDITIONAL MEETINGS .—The Chairman may call and convene, as he or she considers necessary, additional meetings of the Com-mittee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purpose pursuant to the call of the Chairman. (c) S
PECIAL MEETINGS .—If at least three members of the Committee desire that a spe-cial meeting of the Committee be called by the Chairman, those members may file in the offices of the Committee their written re-quest to the Chairman for that special meet-ing. Such request shall specify the measure or matter to be considered. Immediately upon the filing of the request, the clerk of the Committee shall notify the Chairman of the filing of the request. If, within 3 calendar days after the filing of the request, the Chairman does not call the requested special meeting to be held within 7 calendar days after the filing of the request, a majority of the members of the Committee may file in the offices of the Committee their written notice that a special meeting of the Com-mittee will be held, specifying the date and hour thereof, and the measure or matter to be considered at that special meeting. The Committee shall meet on that date and hour. Immediately upon the filing of the notice, the clerk of the Committee shall notify all members of the Committee that such meet-ing will be held and inform them of its date and hour and the measure or matter to be considered; and only the measure or matter specified in that notice may be considered at that special meeting. Such notice shall also be made publicly available in electronic form and shall be deemed to satisfy paragraph (d)(1). (d) NOTICE .— (1) M
INIMUM NOTICE PERIOD .—Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman shall make a public an-nouncement of the date, place, and subject matter of a Committee or subcommittee meeting, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which members have notice thereof. (2) C
HANGES IN MEETING TIMES .—A meeting may commence sooner than announced if the Chairman, with concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner or the Committee or subcommittee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. The Chairman shall make a public announcement of the meeting time change at the earliest possible opportunity. (3) N
OTIFICATION OF DAILY DIGEST CLERK .— The clerk of the Committee shall notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record as soon as possible after a public an-nouncement of a time change for a Com-mittee or subcommittee meeting is made under this paragraph. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON SITTING DURING JOINT S
ESSION .—The Committee may not sit during a joint session of the House and Senate or during a recess when a joint meeting of the House and Senate is in progress. 
RULE III . MEETINGS AND HEARINGS GENERALLY  (a) M
INIMUM PERIOD FOR AVAILABILITY OF  C
OMMITTEE MARKUP TEXT.—Pursuant to clause 2(g)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman shall make publicly available, in electronic form, the text of any legislation to be marked up at least 24 hours prior to the commencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, or at the time of a meeting announcement under paragraph (d)(2) of Committee Rule II if made within 24 hours before such meeting. (b) O
PENMEETINGS .—Each meeting for the transaction of business, including the mark-up of legislation, and each hearing of the Committee or a subcommittee shall be open to the public, except as provided by clause 2(g) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. (c) M
EETINGS TOBEGIN PROMPTLY .—Each meeting or hearing of the Committee shall begin promptly at the time so stipulated in the public announcement of the meeting or hearing. (d) A
DDRESSING THE COMMITTEE .—Except as provided under paragraph (e) of Committee Rule VI, a Committee member may address the Committee or a subcommittee on any bill, motion, or other matter under consider-ation— (1) only when recognized by the Chairman for that purpose; and (2) only for 5 minutes, or for a period of time designated by the Chairman with con-currence of the ranking minority member, until such time as each member of the Com-mittee or subcommittee who so desires has had an opportunity to address the Com-mittee or subcommittee. A member shall be limited in his or her re-marks to the subject matter under consider-ation. The Chairman shall enforce this para-graph. (e) P
ARTICIPATION OF MEMBERS IN SUB-
COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND HEARINGS .—All members of the Committee who are not members of a particular subcommittee may, by unanimous consent of the members of such subcommittee, participate in any sub-committee meeting or hearing. However, a member who is not a member of the sub-committee may not vote on any matter be-fore the subcommittee, be counted for pur-poses of establishing a quorum, or raise points of order. (f) BROADCASTING .—Whenever a meeting for the transaction of business, including the markup of legislation, or a hearing is open to the public, that meeting or hearing shall be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography in accordance with clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. Oper-ation and use of any Committee Internet broadcast system shall be fair and non-partisan and in accordance with clause 4(b) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. Further, pursuant to clause 2(e)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that al-lows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings. The Committee shall also maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the pub-lic. (g) A
CCESS TO THE DAIS AND LOUNGES .—Ac- cess to the hearing rooms’ daises and to the lounges adjacent to the Committee hearing rooms shall be limited to Members of Con-gress and employees of Congress during a meeting or hearing of the Committee unless specifically permitted by the Chairman or ranking minority member. (h) U
SE OF CELLULAR TELEPHONES .—During a hearing, mark-up, or other meeting of the Committee, ringing or audible sounds or con-versational use of cellular telephones or other electronic devices is prohibited in the Committee room. (i) A
VAILABILITY OF TEXT OF AMENDMENTS  
INELECTRONIC FORM.—Pursuant to clause 2(e) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, not later than 24 hours after the adoption of any amendment to a measure or matter consid-ered by the Committee, the Chairman shall cause the text of the amendment to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
RULE IV . POWER TO SIT AND ACT ; POWER TO  
CONDUCT INVESTIGATIONS ; OATHS ; SUBPOENA  
POWER  (a) A
UTHORITY TOSIT AND ACT.—For the purpose of carrying out any of its functions and duties under Rules X and XI of the Rules of the House, the Committee and each of its subcommittees, is authorized (subject to paragraph (d)(1))— (1) to sit and act at such times and places within the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned and to hold such hearings; and (2) to require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such wit-nesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memorandums, pa-pers, and documents, as it deems necessary. (b) A
UTHORITY TOCONDUCT INVESTIGA -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee is author-ized at any time to conduct such investiga-tions and studies as it may consider nec-essary or appropriate in the exercise of its responsibilities under Rule X of the Rules of the House and (subject to the adoption of ex-pense resolutions as required by Rule X, clause 6 of the Rules of the House) to incur expenses (including travel expenses) in con-nection therewith. (2) M
AJOR INVESTIGATIONS BY SUBCOMMIT -
TEES.—A subcommittee may not begin a major investigation without approval of a majority of such subcommittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.013 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H971 February 3, 2017 
(c) O ATHS .—The Chairman, or any member designated by the Chairman, may administer oaths to any witness. (d) I
SSUANCE OF SUBPOENAS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A subpoena may be issued by the Committee or subcommittee under paragraph (a)(2) in the conduct of any inves-tigation or activity or series of investiga-tions or activities, only when authorized by a majority of the members voting, a major-ity being present. Such authorized subpoenas shall be signed by the Chairman of the Com-mittee or by any member designated by the Committee. If a specific request for a sub-poena has not been previously rejected by ei-ther the Committee or subcommittee, the Chairman of the Committee, after consulta-tion with the ranking minority member of the Committee, may authorize and issue a subpoena under paragraph (a)(2) in the con-duct of any investigation or activity or se-ries of investigations or activities, and such subpoena shall for all purposes be deemed a subpoena issued by the Committee. As soon as practicable after a subpoena is issued under this rule, the Chairman shall notify all members of the Committee of such action. (2) E
NFORCEMENT .—Compliance with any subpoena issued by the Committee or sub-committee under paragraph (a)(2) may be en-forced only as authorized or directed by the House. (e) E
XPENSES OF SUBPOENAED WITNESSES .— Each witness who has been subpoenaed, upon the completion of his or her testimony be-fore the Committee or any subcommittee, may report to the offices of the Committee, and there sign appropriate vouchers for trav-el allowances and attendance fees. If hear-ings are held in cities other than Wash-ington, D.C., the witness may contact the counsel of the Committee, or his or her rep-resentative, before leaving the hearing room. 
RULE V . QUORUMS AND RECORD VOTES ; 
POSTPONEMENT OF VOTES  (a) W
ORKING QUORUM .—One-third of the members of the Committee or a sub-committee shall constitute a quorum for taking any action other than the closing of a meeting pursuant to clauses 2(g) and 2(k)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the au-thorizing of a subpoena pursuant to para-graph (d) of Committee Rule IV, the report-ing of a measure or recommendation pursu-ant to paragraph (b)(1) of Committee Rule VII, and the actions described in paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of this rule. (b) Q
UORUM FOR REPORTING .—A majority of the members of the Committee or a sub-committee shall constitute a quorum for the reporting of a measure or recommendation. (c) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN MATTERS .—A ma- jority of the members of the Committee or a subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for approval of a resolution concerning any of the following actions: (1) A prospectus for construction, alter-ation, purchase or acquisition of a public building or the lease of space as required by section 3307 of title 40, United States Code. (2) Survey investigation of a proposed project for navigation, flood control, and other purposes by the Corps of Engineers (section 4 of the Rivers and Harbors Act of March 4, 1913, 33 U.S.C. 542). (3) Construction of a water resources devel-opment project by the Corps of Engineers with an estimated Federal cost not exceed-ing $15,000,000 (section 201 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1965). (4) Deletion of water quality storage in a Federal reservoir project where the benefits attributable to water quality are 15 percent or more but not greater than 25 percent of the total project benefits (section 65 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974). (5) Authorization of a Natural Resources Conservation Service watershed project in-volving any single structure of more than 4,000 acre feet of total capacity (section 2 of P.L. 566, 83rd Congress). (d) QUORUM FOR TAKING TESTIMONY .—Two members of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. (e) R
ECORD VOTES.—A record vote may be demanded by one-fifth of the members present. (f) P
OSTPONEMENT OF VOTES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with clause 2(h)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman of the Committee or a sub-committee, after consultation with the rank-ing minority member of the Committee or subcommittee, may— (A) postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of ap-proving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment; and (B) resume proceedings on a postponed question at any time after reasonable notice. (2) R
ESUMPTION OF PROCEEDINGS .—When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying propo-sition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. (g) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORD VOTES IN  E
LECTRONIC FORM.—Pursuant to clause 2(e)(1)(B)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman shall make the result of any record vote publicly available for in-spection at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee and in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote. 
RULE VI . HEARING PROCEDURES  (a) A
NNOUNCEMENT OF HEARING .— (1) M
INIMUM NOTICE PERIOD .—Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman shall make a public an-nouncement of the date, place, and subject matter of a Committee or subcommittee hearing, which may not commence earlier than the one week after such notice. (2) C
HANGES IN HEARING TIMES .—A hearing may commence sooner than announced if the Chairman, with concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner or the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. The Chairman shall make a pub-lic announcement of the hearing time change at the earliest possible opportunity. (3) N
OTIFICATION OF DAILY DIGEST CLERK .— The clerk of the Committee shall notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record as soon as possible after a public an-nouncement of a time change for a Com-mittee or subcommittee hearing is made under this paragraph. (b) W
RITTEN STATEMENT ; O RAL TESTI-
MONY .— (1) F
ILING OF STATEMENT .—So far as prac-ticable, each witness who is to appear before the Committee or a subcommittee shall file with the clerk of the Committee or sub-committee, at least 2 working days before the day of his or her appearance, a written statement of proposed testimony. The Chair-man, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, may take the following actions for failure to comply with this re-quirement: (A) exclude such witness’ written testimony from the hearing record; (B) bar such witness’ oral presentation of the testi-mony; or (C) both (A) and (B). Each witness shall limit his or her oral presentation to a summary of the written statement. (2) T
RUTH IN TESTIMONY INFORMATION .—Pur- suant to clause 2(g)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, in the case of a witness appear-ing in a nongovernmental capacity, a writ-ten statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof), or the amount and country of origin of any contract or payment originating with a foreign government, re-ceived during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. (3) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION IN ELEC -
TRONIC FORM.—Statements filed under this paragraph, with appropriate redaction to protect the privacy of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness ap-pears. (c) M
INORITY WITNESSES .—When any hear-ing is conducted by the Committee or any subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the minority party members on the Com-mittee or subcommittee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chairman by a majority of those minority members before the com-pletion of such hearing, to call witnesses se-lected by the minority to testify with re-spect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. (d) S
UMMARY OF SUBJECT MATTER .—Upon announcement of a hearing, to the extent practicable, the Committee shall make available immediately to all members of the Committee a concise summary of the subject matter (including legislative reports and other material) under consideration. In addi-tion, upon announcement of a hearing and subsequently as they are received, the Chair-man shall make available to the members of the Committee any official reports from de-partments and agencies on such matter. (e) O
PENING STATEMENTS ; QUESTIONING OF  W
ITNESSES .— (1) O
PENING STATEMENTS .— (A) C
HAIRMAN AND RANKING MEMBER .—At a hearing of the Full Committee, the Chair-man and ranking minority member of the Committee shall each be entitled to present an oral opening statement of five minutes. At a hearing of a subcommittee, the Chair-man and ranking minority member of the Committee and the Chairman and ranking minority member of the subcommittee shall each be entitled to present an opening state-ment for five minutes. (B) O
THER MEMBERS .—At a hearing of the Full Committee or a subcommittee, other members of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, may submit written opening statements for the record. The Chairman presiding over the hearing may permit oral opening statements by other members of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, with the concurrence of the ranking minor-ity member. (2) Q
UESTIONING OF WITNESSES .—The ques-tioning of witnesses in Committee and sub-committee hearings shall be initiated by the Chairman, followed by the ranking minority member and all other members alternating between the majority and minority parties. In recognizing members to question wit-nesses in this fashion, the Chairman shall take into consideration the ratio of the ma-jority to minority members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to dis-advantage the members of the majority nor the members of the minority. The Chairman may accomplish this by recognizing two ma-jority members for each minority member recognized. (f) P
ROCEDURES FOR QUESTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A Committee member may question a witness at a hearing— (A) only when recognized by the Chairman for that purpose; and (B) subject to subparagraphs (2) and (3), only for 5 minutes until such time as each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.014 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH972 February 3, 2017 
member of the Committee or subcommittee who so desires has had an opportunity to question the witness. A member shall be limited in his or her re-marks to the subject matter under consider-ation. The Chairman shall enforce this sub-paragraph. (2) E
XTENDED QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES BY  
MEMBERS .—The chairman of the committee or a subcommittee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, or the Com-mittee or subcommittee by motion, may per-mit a specified number of its members to question a witness for longer than 5 minutes. The time for extended questioning of a wit-ness under this subdivision shall be equal for the majority party and minority party and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. (3) E
XTENDED QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES BY  
STAFF .—The Chairman of the Committee or a subcommittee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, or the Committee or subcommittee by motion, may permit Committee staff for its majority and minor-ity party members to question a witness for equal specified periods. The time for ex-tended questioning of a witness under this subdivision shall be equal for the majority party and minority party and may not ex-ceed one hour in the aggregate. (4) R
IGHT TO QUESTION WITNESSES FOL -
LOWING EXTENDED QUESTIONING .—Nothing in subparagraph (2) or (3) affects the right of a member (other than a member designated under subparagraph (2)) to question a wit-ness for 5 minutes in accordance with sub-paragraph (1)(B) after the questioning per-mitted under subparagraph (2) or (3). (g) A
DDITIONAL HEARING PROCEDURES .— Clause 2(k) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House (relating to additional rules for hear-ings) applies to hearings of the Committee and its subcommittees. 
RULE VII . PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING BILLS , 
RESOLUTIONS , AND REPORTS  (a) F
ILING OF REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of the Com-mittee shall report promptly to the House any measure or matter approved by the Com-mittee and take necessary steps to bring the measure or matter to a vote. (2) R
EQUESTS FOR REPORTING .—The report of the Committee on a measure or matter which has been approved by the Committee shall be filed within 7 calendar days (exclu-sive of days on which the House is not in ses-sion) after the day on which there has been filed with the clerk of the Committee a writ-ten request, signed by a majority of the members of the Committee, for the reporting of that measure or matter. Upon the filing of any such request, the clerk of the Committee shall transmit immediately to the Chairman of the Committee notice of the filing of that request. (b) Q
UORUM ; RECORD VOTES.— (1) Q
UORUM .—No measure, matter, or rec-ommendation shall be reported from the Committee unless a majority of the Com-mittee was actually present. (2) R
ECORD VOTES.—With respect to each record vote on a motion to report any meas-ure or matter of a public character, and on any amendment offered to the measure or matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those mem-bers voting for and against, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. (c) R
EQUIRED MATTERS .—The report of the Committee on a measure or matter which has been approved by the Committee shall include the items required to be included by clauses 2(c) and 3 of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House. (d) A
DDITIONAL VIEWS.—If, at the time of approval of any measure or matter by the Committee, any member of the Committee gives notice of intention to file supple-mental, minority, additional, or dissenting views, all members shall be entitled to not less than two additional calendar days after the day of such notice (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays) in which to file such written and signed views in accordance with clause 2(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. (e) ACTIVITIES REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 2 of each odd numbered year, the Committee shall submit to the House a report on the ac-tivities of the Committee. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— (A) separate sections summarizing the leg-islative and oversight activities of the Com-mittee under Rules X and XI of the Rules of the House during the Congress; (B) a summary of the authorization and oversight plan submitted by the Committee under clause 2(d) of Rule X of the Rules of the House; (C) a summary of the actions taken and recommendations made with respect to the authorization and oversight plan specified in subdivision (B); (D) a summary of any additional oversight activities undertaken by the Committee and any recommendations made or actions taken thereon; and (E) a delineation of any hearings held pur-suant to clauses 2(n), (o), or (p) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. (3) F
ILING .—After an adjournment sine die of the last regular session of a Congress, or after December 15 of an even numbered year, whichever occurs first, the Chairman may file the report described in subparagraph (1) with the Clerk of the House at any time and without approval of the Committee, provided that— (A) a copy of the report has been available to each member of the Committee for at least seven calendar days; and (B) the report includes any supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a member of the Committee. (f) O
THER COMMITTEE MATERIALS .— (1) I
NGENERAL .—All Committee and sub-committee prints, reports, documents, or other materials, not otherwise provided for under this rule, that purport to express pub-licly the views of the Committee or any of its subcommittees or members of the Com-mittee or its subcommittees shall be ap-proved by the Committee or the sub-committee prior to printing and distribution and any member shall be given an oppor-tunity to have views included as part of such material prior to printing, release, and dis-tribution in accordance with paragraph (d) of this rule. (2) D
OCUMENTS CONTAINING VIEWS OTHER  
THAN MEMBER VIEWS .—A Committee or sub-committee document containing views other than those of members of the Committee or subcommittee shall not be published without approval of the Committee or subcommittee. (3) D
ISCLAIMER .—All Committee or sub-committee reports printed pursuant to legis-lative study or investigation and not ap-proved by a majority vote of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, shall con-tain the following disclaimer on the cover of such report: ‘‘This report has not been offi-cially adopted by the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure (or pertinent subcommittee thereof) and may not there-fore necessarily reflect the views of its mem-bers.’’. (4) C
OMPILATIONS OF LAWS .—To the max-imum extent practicable, the Committee shall publish a compilation of laws under the jurisdiction of each subcommittee. (g) A
VAILABILITY OF PUBLICATIONS .—Pursu- ant to clause 2(e)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form to the maximum extent feasible. RULE VIII . ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBCOMMITTEES ; 
SIZE AND PARTY RATIOS  (a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There shall be 6 standing subcommittees. These subcommit-tees, with the following sizes (including dele-gates) andmajority/minority ratios, are: (1) Subcommittee on Aviation (39 Mem-bers: 22 Majority and 17 Minority). (2) Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Mar-itime Transportation (16 Members: 9 Major-ity and 7 Minority). (3) Subcommittee on Economic Develop-ment, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management (15 Members: 9 Majority and 6 Minority). (4) Subcommittee on Highways and Transit (50 Members: 28 Majority and 22 Minority). (5) Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials (34 Members: 19 Ma-jority and 15 Minority). (6) Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment (32 Members: 18 Majority and 14 Minority). (b) E
XOFFICIO MEMBERS .—The Chairman and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee shall serve as ex officio voting mem-bers on each subcommittee. (c) R
ATIOS .—On each subcommittee there shall be a ratio of majority party members to minority party members which shall be no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio for the Full Committee. In calculating the ratio of majority party members to mi-nority party members, there shall be in-cluded the ex officio members of the sub-committees. 
RULE IX . POWERS AND DUTIES OF  
SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) A
UTHORITY TOSIT.—Each sub-committee is authorized to meet, hold hear-ings, receive evidence, and report to the Full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee chair-men shall set dates for hearings and meet-ings of their respective subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman and other subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Full Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. (b) C
ONSIDERATION BY COMMITTEE .—Each bill, resolution, or other matter favorably re-ported by a subcommittee shall automati-cally be placed upon the agenda of the Com-mittee. Any such matter reported by a sub-committee shall not be considered by the Committee unless it has been delivered to the offices of all members of the Committee at least 48 hours before the meeting, unless the Chairman determines that the matter is of such urgency that it should be given early consideration. Where practicable, such mat-ters shall be accompanied by a comparison with present law and a section-by-section analysis. 
RULE X . REFERRAL OF LEGISLATION TO  
SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENT .—Except where the Chairman of the Committee determines, in consultation with the majority members of the Committee, that consideration is to be by the Full Committee, each bill, resolution, investigation, or other matter which relates to a subject listed under the jurisdiction of any subcommittee established in Committee Rule VIII referred to or initiated by the Full Committee shall be referred by the Chair-man to all subcommittees of appropriate ju-risdiction within two weeks. All bills shall be referred to the subcommittee of proper ju-risdiction without regard to whether the au-thor is or is not a member of the sub-committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.015 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H973 February 3, 2017 
(b) R ECALL FROM SUBCOMMITTEE .—A bill, resolution, or other matter referred to a sub-committee in accordance with this rule may be recalled therefrom at any time by a vote of a majority of the members of the Com-mittee voting, a quorum being present, for the Committee’s direct consideration or for reference to another subcommittee. (c) M
ULTIPLE REFERRALS .—In carrying out this rule with respect to any matter, the Chairman may refer the matter simulta-neously to two or more subcommittees for concurrent consideration or for consider-ation in sequence (subject to appropriate time limitations in the case of any sub-committee after the first), or divide the mat-ter into two or more parts (reflecting dif-ferent subjects and jurisdictions) and refer each such part to a different subcommittee, or make such other provisions as he or she considers appropriate. 
RULE XI . RECOMMENDATION OF CONFEREES  The Chairman of the Committee shall rec-ommend to the Speaker as conferees the names of those members (1) of the majority party selected by the Chairman, and (2) of the minority party selected by the ranking minority member of the Committee. Rec-ommendations of conferees to the Speaker shall provide a ratio of majority party mem-bers to minority party members which shall be no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio for the Committee. 
RULE XII . OVERSIGHT  (a) P
URPOSE .—The Committee shall carry out oversight responsibilities as provided in this rule in order to assist the House in— (1) its analysis, appraisal, and evaluation of— (A) the application, administration, execu-tion, and effectiveness of the laws enacted by the Congress; or (B) conditions and circumstances which may indicate the necessity or desirability of enacting new or additional legislation; and (2) its formulation, consideration, and en-actment of such modifications or changes in those laws, and of such additional legisla-tion, as may be necessary or appropriate. (b) A
UTHORIZATION AND OVERSIGHT PLAN.— Not later than February 15 of the first ses-sion of each Congress, the Committee shall adopt its authorization and oversight plan for that Congress in accordance with clause 2(d)(1) of Rule X of the Rules of the House. (c) R
EVIEW OF LAWS AND PROGRAMS .—The Committee and the appropriate subcommit-tees shall cooperatively review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, adminis-tration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, and the organization and operation of the Federal agencies and entities having responsibilities in or for the administration and execution thereof, in order to determine whether such laws and the programs there-under are being implemented and carried out in accordance with the intent of the Con-gress and whether such programs should be continued, curtailed, or eliminated. In addi-tion, the Committee and the appropriate subcommittees shall cooperatively review and study any conditions or circumstances which may indicate the necessity or desir-ability of enacting new or additional legisla-tion within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee (whether or not any bill or resolution has been introduced with respect thereto), and shall on a continuing basis undertake fu-ture research and forecasting on matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee. (d) R
EVIEW OF TAXPOLICIES .—The Com-mittee and the appropriate subcommittees shall cooperatively review and study on a continuing basis the impact or probable im-pact of tax policies affecting subjects within the jurisdiction of the Committee. RULE XIII . REVIEW OF CONTINUING PROGRAMS ; 
BUDGET ACT PROVISIONS  (a) E
NSURING ANNUAL APPROPRIATIONS .— The Committee shall, in its consideration of all bills and joint resolutions of a public character within its jurisdiction, ensure that appropriations for continuing programs and activities of the Federal Government and the District of Columbia government will be made annually to the maximum extent fea-sible and consistent with the nature, require-ments, and objectives of the programs and activities involved. (b) R
EVIEW OF MULTI-YEAR APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—The Committee shall review, from time to time, each continuing program with-in its jurisdiction for which appropriations are not made annually in order to ascertain whether such program could be modified so that appropriations therefore would be made annually. (c) V
IEWS AND ESTIMATES .—In accordance with clause 4(f)(1) of Rule X of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall submit to the Committee on the Budget— (1) its views and estimates with respect to all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fis-cal year which are within its jurisdiction or functions; and (2) an estimate of the total amount of new budget authority, and budget outlays result-ing therefrom, to be provided or authorized in all bills and resolutions within its juris-diction which it intends to be effective dur-ing that fiscal year. (d) B
UDGET ALLOCATIONS .—As soon as prac-ticable after a concurrent resolution on the budget for any fiscal year is agreed to, the Committee (after consulting with the appro-priate committee or committees of the Sen-ate) shall subdivide any allocations made to it in the joint explanatory statement accom-panying the conference report on such reso-lution, and promptly report such subdivi-sions to the House, in the manner provided by section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. (e) R
ECONCILIATION .—Whenever the Com-mittee is directed in a concurrent resolution on the budget to determine and recommend changes in laws, bills, or resolutions under the reconciliation process, it shall promptly make such determination and recommenda-tions, and report a reconciliation bill or res-olution (or both) to the House or submit such recommendations to the Committee on the Budget, in accordance with the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. 
RULE XIV . RECORDS  (a) K
EEPING OF RECORDS .—The Committee shall keep a complete record of all Com-mittee action which shall include— (1) in the case of any meeting or hearing transcripts, a substantially verbatim ac-count of remarks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, gram-matical, and typographical corrections au-thorized by the person making the remarks involved; and (2) a record of the votes on any question on which a record vote is taken. (b) P
UBLIC INSPECTION .—The result of each such record vote shall be made available by the Committee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition and the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or propo-sition, and the names of those members present but not voting. (c) P
ROPERTY OF THE HOUSE .—All Com-mittee records (including hearings, data, charts, and files) shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the member serving as Chairman of the Committee; and such records shall be the property of the House and all members of the House shall have access thereto. (d) AVAILABILITY OF ARCHIVED RECORDS .— The records of the Committee at the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the rank-ing minority member of the Committee of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of such rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on written request of any member of the Committee. (e) A
UTHORITY TOPRINT.—The Committee is authorized to have printed and bound tes-timony and other data presented at hearings held by the Committee. All costs of steno-graphic services and transcripts in connec-tion with any meeting or hearing of the Committee shall be paid as provided in clause 1(c) of Rule XI of the House. 
RULE XV . COMMITTEE BUDGETS  (a) B
IENNIAL BUDGET .—The Chairman, in consultation with the chairman of each sub-committee, the majority members of the Committee, and the minority members of the Committee, shall, for each Congress, pre-pare a consolidated Committee budget. Such budget shall include necessary amounts for staff personnel, necessary travel, investiga-tion, and other expenses of the Committee. (b) A
DDITIONAL EXPENSES .—Authorization for the payment of additional or unforeseen Committee expenses may be procured by one or more additional expense resolutions proc-essed in the same manner as set out herein. (c) T
RAVEL REQUESTS .—The Chairman or any chairman of a subcommittee may ini-tiate necessary travel requests as provided in Committee Rule XVII within the limits of the consolidated budget as approved by the House and the Chairman may execute nec-essary vouchers thereof. (d) M
ONTHLY REPORTS .—Once monthly, the Chairman shall submit to the Committee on House Administration, in writing, a full and detailed accounting of all expenditures made during the period since the last such ac-counting from the amount budgeted to the Committee. Such report shall show the amount and purpose of such expenditure and the budget to which such expenditure is at-tributed. A copy of such monthly report shall be available in the Committee office for review by members of the Committee. 
RULE XVI . COMMITTEE STAFF  (a) A
PPOINTMENT BY CHAIRMAN .—The Chair-man shall appoint and determine the remu-neration of, and may remove, the employees of the Committee not assigned to the minor-ity. The staff of the Committee not assigned to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chairman, who shall establish and assign the duties and responsibilities of such staff members and delegate such authority as he or she deter-mines appropriate. (b) A
PPOINTMENT BY RANKING MINORITY  M
EMBER .—The ranking minority member of the Committee shall appoint and determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the staff assigned to the minority within the budget approved for such purposes. The staff assigned to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the ranking minority member of the Committee who may delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. (c) I
NTENTION REGARDING STAFF .—It is in- tended that the skills and experience of all members of the Committee staff shall be available to all members of the Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.016 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH974 February 3, 2017 
RULE XVII . TRAVEL OF MEMBERS AND STAFF  (a) A
PPROVAL .—Consistent with the pri-mary expense resolution and such additional expense resolutions as may have been ap-proved, the provisions of this rule shall gov-ern travel of Committee members and staff. Travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the Committee for any member or any staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Travel shall be authorized by the Chairman for any member and any staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee or any subcommittee and meetings, conferences, and investigations which involve activities or subject matter under the general jurisdiction of the Com-mittee. Before such authorization is given there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writing the following: (1) The purpose of the travel. (2) The dates during which the travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made. (3) The location of the event for which the travel is to be made. (4) The names of members and staff seek-ing authorization. (b) S
UBCOMMITTEE TRAVEL .—In the case of travel of members and staff of a sub-committee to hearings, meetings, con-ferences, and investigations involving activi-ties or subject matter under the legislative assignment of such subcommittee, prior au-thorization must be obtained from the sub-committee chairman and the Chairman. Such prior authorization shall be given by the Chairman only upon the representation by the chairman of such subcommittee in writing setting forth those items enumer-ated in subparagraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of paragraph (a) and that there has been a com-pliance where applicable with Committee Rule VI. (c) T
RAVEL OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of travel out-side the United States of members and staff of the Committee or of a subcommittee for the purpose of conducting hearings, inves-tigations, studies, or attending meetings and conferences involving activities or subject matter under the legislative assignment of the Committee or pertinent subcommittee, prior authorization must be obtained from the Chairman, or, in the case of a sub-committee from the subcommittee chairman and the Chairman. Before such authorization is given there shall be submitted to the Chairman, in writing, a request for such au-thorization. Each request, which shall be filed in a manner that allows for a reason-able period of time for review before such travel is scheduled to begin, shall include the following: (A) The purpose of the travel. (B) The dates during which the travel will occur. (C) The names of the countries to be vis-ited and the length of time to be spent in each. (D) An agenda of anticipated activities for each country for which travel is authorized together with a description of the purpose to be served and the areas of Committee juris-diction involved. (E) The names of members and staff for whom authorization is sought. (2) I
NITIATION OF REQUESTS .—Requests for travel outside the United States may be ini-tiated by the Chairman or the chairman of a subcommittee (except that individuals may submit a request to the Chairman for the purpose of attending a conference or meet-ing) and shall be limited to members and permanent employees of the Committee. (d) R
EPORTS BY MEMBERS AND STAFF .— Within 15 legislative days from the conclu-sion of any hearing, investigation, study, meeting, or conference for which travel has been authorized pursuant to this rule, each member and staff member involved in such travel shall submit a written report to the Chairman covering the activities and other pertinent observations or information gained as a result of such travel. (e) APPLICABILITY OF LAWS, RULES , POLI-
CIES.—Members and staff of the Committee performing authorized travel on official busi-ness shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, or regulations of the House and of the Committees on House Administration and Ethics pertaining to such travel, and by the travel policy of the Committee. 
RULE XVIII . COMMITTEE PANELS  (a) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with clause 5(b)(2)(C) of Rule X of the Rules of the House, the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, may designate a panel of the Com-mittee consisting of members of the Com-mittee to inquire into and take testimony on a matter or matters that fall within the ju-risdiction of more than one subcommittee and to report to the Committee. (b) D
URATION .—No panel designated under paragraph (a) shall continue in existence for more than six months after the date of the designation. (c) P
ARTY RATIOS AND APPOINTMENT .—The ratio of majority members to minority mem-bers on a panel designated under paragraph (a) shall be as close as practicable to the ratio of the Full Committee. All majority members of the panels shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee, and all mi-nority members shall be appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee. The Chairman of the Committee shall choose one of the majority members so appointed to serve as Chairman of the panel. The ranking minority member of the Committee shall similarly choose the ranking minority mem-ber of the panel. (d) E
XOFFICIO MEMBERS .—The Chairman and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee may serve as ex-officio members of a panel designated under paragraph (a). The Chairman and ranking minority member are authorized to vote on matters that arise be-fore the panel and shall be counted to satisfy the quorum requirement for any purpose. (e) J
URISDICTION .—No panel designated under paragraph (a) shall have legislative ju-risdiction. (f) A
PPLICABILITY OF COMMITTEE RULES .—A panel designated under paragraph (a) shall be subject to all Committee Rules herein. f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled joint resolutions of the House of the fol-lowing titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.J. Res. 38. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. H.J. Res. 41. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Feb-ruary 6, 2017, at noon for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
476. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as Amended by the Every Student Succeeds Act- Accountability and State Plans; Open Licensing Requirement for Competitive Grant Programs;Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act [Docket ID: ED-2016-OESE- 0032; Docket ID: ED-2015-OS-0105] (RIN: 1810- AB27; 1894-AA07; 2017-00958) received Feb-ruary 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 477. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regula-tions — Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965, as Amended by the Every Student Succeeds Act- Accountability and State Plans; Open Licensing Requirement for Competitive Grant Programs; Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act [Docket ID: ED-2016-OESE-0032; ED-2015-OS-0105] (RIN: 1810-AB27; 1894-AA07; 2017-00958) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 478. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act received February 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 479. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Walk-in Coolers and Walk-in Freezers [Docket No.: EERE-2016-BT-TP- 0030] (RIN: 1904-AD72) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 480. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: En-ergy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fans [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-STD-0045] (RIN: 1904-AD28) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 481. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Enterprise Assess-ments, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Procedural Rules for DOE Nuclear Activities [Docket No.: EA-RM-16-PRDNA] (RIN: 1992-AA52) re-ceived February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 482. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Secretary, Office of Congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.018 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H975 February 3, 2017 
Relations, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting the Department’s Fiscal Year 2016 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 483. A letter from the Director, Office of White House Liaison, Department of Com-merce, transmitting a notification of a fed-eral vacancy and designation of acting offi-cer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 484. A letter from the Director, Office of White House Liaison, Department of Com-merce, transmitting a notification of a fed-eral vacancy and designation of acting offi-cer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 485. A letter from the Director, Office of White House Liaison, Department of Com-merce, transmitting a notification of a fed-eral vacancy and designation of acting offi-cer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 486. A letter from the Director, Office of the White House Liaison, Department of Commerce, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and designation of acting of-ficer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 487. A letter from the General Counsel, Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting two notifications of a federal vacancy and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 488. A letter from the Acting Assistant At-torney General, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s annual re-port on the activities of the Community Re-lations Service for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000g-3; Public Law 88-352, Sec. 1004; (78 Stat. 267); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 489. A letter from the Program Specialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure; Rules of Practice and Procedure in Adjudicatory Proceedings; Civil Money Penalty Inflation Adjustments [Docket ID: OCC-2017-0002] (RIN: 1557-AE14) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 490. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, Natchez, MS [Docket No.: USCG-2016-1017] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 491. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pipeline Canal, Orange, TX [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 1051] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 492. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pleas-ure Beach Bridge, Bridgeport, CT [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1088] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 493. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; James River, Newport News, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0987] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 494. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XE930) received February 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. P ETER -
SON, and Mr. C HABOT ): H.R. 843. A bill to provide for a safe harbor for reports to potential employers by current or former employers of violent behavior or threats thereof by employees; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ): H.R. 844. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to facilitate the re-moval of aliens identified in the terrorist screening database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. K EATING , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. H ECK, and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 845. A bill to provide for ocean acidifi-cation collaborative research grant opportu-nities; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 846. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan for military surviving spouses to offset the receipt of veterans de-pendency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 847. A bill to preserve the name of the Squaw Creek National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. L ONG, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. ROUZER , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. V ELA, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. N UNES , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. K
IND, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-gia, and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ): H.R. 848. A bill to amend the Solid Waste Disposal Act to incentivize efficient nutrient management practices and to clarify the cit-izen suit provisions of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H
URD, Mr. B OST, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mrs. B ROOKS of In-diana, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mr. A
LLEN ): H.R. 849. A bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. D A-
VIDSON , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. E MMER , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Ms. F
OXX, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R US-
SELL, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. B UDD): H.R. 850. A bill to require the appropria-tion of funds to use a fee, fine, penalty, or proceeds from a settlement received by a Federal agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, the Budget, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, Mr. H ECK, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and Mr. M EEKS ): H.R. 851. A bill to require the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to discount FHA single-family mortgage insurance pre-mium payments for first-time homebuyers who complete a financial literacy housing counseling program; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SEN of Washington, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H
ECK, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. S ARBANES , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. B RADY  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03FE7.000 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH976 February 3, 2017 
of Pennsylvania, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. K IND, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. C LARK of Mas-sachusetts, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. E STY, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. R
USH, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. T ED L
IEU of California, Ms. L EE, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. H IMES, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 852. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an alien may not be denied admission or entry to the United States, or other immigration bene-fits, because of the alien’s religion, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 853. A bill to prohibit Federal funding to entities that do not certify the entities will not perform, or provide any funding to any other entity that performs, an abortion; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 854. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the qualification requirements with respect to certain mul-tiple employer plans with pooled plan pro-viders, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. N
EAL, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 855. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax re-funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. K
ELLY  of Illinois, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 856. A bill to reauthorize the VOW to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, to provide assistance to small businesses owned by veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 857. A bill to provide for conservation and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CORREA (for himself, Ms. HANABUSA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. S OTO, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. V ELA, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 858. A bill to require the Attorney General to make grants to nonprofit organi-zations to offer legal assistance to certain aliens lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence, DACA recipients, and refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 859. A bill to prevent conflicts of in-terest that stem from executive Government employees receiving bonuses or other com-pensation arrangements from nongovern-ment sources, from the revolving door that raises concerns about the independence of fi-nancial services regulators, and from the re-volving door that casts aspersions over the awarding of Government contracts and other financial benefits; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on the Judici-ary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-self, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 860. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a grant program for States that provide flexi-bility in licensing for health care providers who offer services on a volunteer basis; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. L
OUDERMILK ): H.R. 861. A bill to terminate the Environ-mental Protection Agency; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. G
UTHRIE , and Mrs. B LACKBURN ): H.R. 862. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to transition the Med-icaid thresholds applied for determining ac-ceptable provider taxes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 863. A bill to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. ELLI-
SON, Mr. H ILL, and Mr. C LEAVER ): H.R. 864. A bill to amend the Fair Debt Col-lection Practices Act to restrict the debt col-lection practices of certain debt collectors; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M CCAR-
THY, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. N UNES , Mr. D
ENHAM , and Mr. K NIGHT ): H.R. 865. A bill to make a categorical ex-clusion available to the Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of the Interior to develop and carry out a forest management activity on National Forest system lands de-rived from the public domain or public lands to address insect or disease infestation de-clared as an emergency in a State by the Governor of such State, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. M
CNER-
NEY, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K EATING , Mr. I
SSA, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. R
OYCE of California): H.R. 866. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to extend the coverage of the Federal prohibition against stalking in order to provide protection to friends and co-work-ers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. G
ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 867. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to allow workers who at-tain age 65 after 1981 and before 1992 to choose either lump sum payments over four years totaling $5,000 or an improved benefit computation formula under a new 10-year rule governing the transition to the changes in benefit computation rules enacted in the Social Security Amendments of 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. J
UDY C
HUof California, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. S WALWELL of California): H.R. 868. A bill to establish within the Smithsonian Institution the National Mu-seum of Asian Pacific American History and Culture, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. J
UDY C
HUof California, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. S WALWELL of California): H.R. 869. A bill to establish the Commis-sion to Study the Potential Creation of a Na-tional Museum of Asian Pacific American History and Culture, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03FE7.100 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H977 February 3, 2017 
to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Ms. J
ACK-
SONLEE, and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 870. A bill to direct the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration to plan to return to the Moon and develop a sustained human presence on the Moon; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. H
UIZENGA ): H.J. Res. 62. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to prepaid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Truth in Lending Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H UNTER , Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): H.J. Res. 63. A joint resolution to authorize the use of the United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia): H. Res. 86. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce in the One Hun-dred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , and Ms. M OORE ): H. Res. 87. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that a Global Marshall Plan holds the potential to demonstrate the commitment of the United States to peace and prosperity through pov-erty reduction in the United States and abroad; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HARRIS (for himself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. L
EVIN): H. Res. 88. A resolution calling on the Rus-sian Federation to stop the violence in Ukraine, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H. Res. 89. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the recent presidential elections and transfer of power in The Gambia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Miss R
ICE of New York, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H. Res. 90. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that gun violence is a public health issue and Congress should enact by the end of the 115th Congress comprehensive Federal legislation that protects the Second Amendment and keeps communities safe and healthy, includ-ing expanding enforceable background checks for all commercial gun sales, improv-ing the mental health system in the United States, and making gun trafficking and straw purchasing a Federal crime; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 843. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, of the Con-stitution, which grants Congress the power to provide for uniform laws that remove bar-riers to trade and facilitate commerce na-tionwide; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 9; Article III, Section 1, Clause 1; and Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts, By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 844. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 grants Con-gress the right to set forth rules for Natu-ralization. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 845. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 846. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 The Congress shall have the power to pro-vide for the common defense. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. . .’’ The outgoing Administration changed the name using prior executive authority despite the public support for the current name— Squaw Creek. Therefore, as Congress, we are using our authority and prerogative under the Constitution with regard to federal lands. By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Commerce Clause’’ of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The repeal of this provision is consistent with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendment X to the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 provides, ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be pucblished from time to time.’’ By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, sec. 8. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 2: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. COOK: H.R. 857. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 858. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 859. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 860. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03FE7.100 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH978 February 3, 2017 
By Mr. GAETZ: H.R. 861. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 862. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 863. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution; Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution; Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the Constitution. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 864. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 865. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Property Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the property belonging to the United States. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 866. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. MENG: H.R. 867. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 868. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 869. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 870. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: H.J. Res. 62. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.J. Res. 63. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the Con-stitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee, Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor- gia, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 38: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 40: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 82: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 112: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 113: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L
OBIONDO , and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 173: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. H IMES, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 179: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 202: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 217: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 267: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 298: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 328: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 329: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 336: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 367: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 380: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 387: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 392: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 400: Mr. B
UCHANAN and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 428: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 431: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 468: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 475: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 485: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 564: Mr. R
OUZER and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 568: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H.R. 578: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 617: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L
YNCH , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 627: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 628: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 637: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee. H.R. 639: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. D
ENT, Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 656: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 657: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 664: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 673: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 676: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 681: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 696: Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 715: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 724: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 746: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 747: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 749: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 771: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 786: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 787: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 793: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 804: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 812: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 813: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 825: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 828: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 831: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 841: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. T
ONKO . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. M
OONEY of Virginia and Mr. H
UDSON . H.J. Res. 26: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. B
EYER . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.J. Res. 39: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.J. Res. 43: Ms. C
HENEY and Mr. B ACON . H.J. Res. 51: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. R
OUZER . H.J. Res. 57: Mr. B
YRNE . H.J. Res. 58: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. B
YRNE . H.J. Res. 59: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H. Res. 28: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. M
ATSUI , and Mrs. T ORRES . H. Res. 78: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.J. Res. 42 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE7.008 H03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S663 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 2017 No. 19 
Senate 
The Senate met at 6:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
ON J
OHNSON , a Senator from the State of Wisconsin. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, who has ordained the seasons of our lives, thank You for the stead-fastness of Your mercy and long-suf-fering. Inspire our lawmakers to open themselves to the gift of Your pres-ence, remembering that You are al-ways with them. Where there is fear, give courage. Where there is anxiety, give peace. Where there is despair, give hope. Where there is sadness, give joy. May our Senators joyfully encounter You on a daily basis. Inspire them to hear Your words and obey Your com-mands. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 3, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ONJOHNSON , a Sen-ator from the State of Wisconsin, to perform the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. JOHNSON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The minority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BETSY D EVOS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, very briefly because I know we have to vote, the nominee for the Secretary of Edu-cation is one of the worst nominees who has ever been brought before this body for a Cabinet position. On the grounds of competence, on the grounds of ideology, and on the grounds of con-flict of interest, she scores very, very low. That is why my good friend, who has great integrity, the Senator from Tennessee, had to rush her hearing through. Five minutes of questions and nothing else—they were so afraid to hear what she might or might not know. So I would urge my colleagues over the weekend—those who have com-mitted and those who have not—to look into their consciences. Sometimes loyalty to a new President demands a bit too much. With this nominee, it does. Please think about it over the weekend. This person, Mrs. DeVos, does not deserve to be Secretary of Edu-cation. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.J. Res. 41, which the clerk will re-port. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 41) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers.’’ 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. All time is expired. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
AR-
KEY) is necessarily absent. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 51 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.000 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES664 February 3, 2017 
Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Markey 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 41) was passed. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michi-gan, to be Secretary of Education. Mitch McConnell, David Perdue, Johnny Isakson, Tom Cotton, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, John Boozman, Lamar Alex-ander, John Barrasso, Orrin G. Hatch, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, John Thune, Richard Burr. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. By unanimous consent, the man-datory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michi-gan, to be Secretary of Education shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 48, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 52 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 48. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Edu-cation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, with this vote, the Senate will move early next week to confirm the nomi-nation of Betsy DeVos to be the U.S. Education Secretary. In my judgment, she will be an excellent and important Education Secretary for this country. The No. 1 job of the U.S. Education Secretary is to help create an environ-ment in which our 100,000 public schools succeed, because that is where 9 out of 10 of our children go. When I was Education Secretary for President George H.W. Bush in the early 1990s, I had the privilege of work-ing with a man named David Kerns, who had been the chief executive offi-cer of the Xerox Corporation. He came in as the Deputy Education Secretary at a time when he was not only one of the country’s leading businessmen, but he was also the leading businessman who tried to help change public edu-cation. David Kern’s belief was that it was very difficult to help children by changing public education if you try to do it from within. As all of us do, he re-spected the teachers, the parents, and the students who work within the pub-lic education system, but over the last 30 years, as this country has worked to try to improve our public schools, much of that energy has come from outside the public school establish-ment. Among those were the Governors of the country. In the mid-1980s, all of the Governors met together—in 1985 and 1986—on one subject for a whole year. The purpose was, how can we help improve our pub-lic schools? I was chairman of the Na-tional Governors Association that year, Bill Clinton was the vice chair-man, and we did that in a bipartisan way. We did that from outside the schools. Since that time, many Gov-ernors and many business leaders have worked hard in support of our public schools, trying to help them have even better opportunities for our children. Among those has been Betsy DeVos. The Governors I spoke of are Governors who are familiar names in this coun-try. I think of Gov. Jeb Bush, Gov. John Engler of Michigan, Gov. Mitt Romney, and the work they did in their respective States to make their public schools better and to create other opportunities for children. All of the three Governors I mentioned— Bush, Romney, and Engler—support Betsy DeVos. As chairman of the Senate’s Edu-cation Committee, there are 22 Gov-ernors who have written letters to me supporting Betsy DeVos. They see her as someone from outside the system of public education who, as they worked for 30 years, can help change and im-prove it. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  following my remarks the names of the 22 Governors who support her. They come from Alabama, Arizona, Arkan-sas, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, Mis-sissippi, Missouri, North Dakota, Ne-braska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mex-ico, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, and Wisconsin. The Governors of all those States support Betsy DeVos. Four of the last Education Secretaries support Betsy DeVos. Bill Bennett, Rod Paige, Mar-garet Spellings, and I support her. Joe Lieberman, who served in this body and worked on the DC voucher program for many years, endorsed her. She has strong support from the Governors who for 30 years have been working hard to successfully improve our public schools. Some have said: Well, she has spent her time working on giving children choices of schools other than public schools. She has done that, and it has always puzzled me as to why anybody would criticize that. The idea that a low-in-come child should have the same op-portunity or more of the same opportu-nities as a wealthy family has would seem to me to be a very all-American idea. Not only does it seem to be, it is an idea that underlies the most suc-cessful piece of social policy our coun-try has ever enacted, arguably—the GI 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.001 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S665 February 3, 2017 
bill for veterans in 1944. Think about that. The veterans came home from World War II. We gave them a scholar-ship. It followed them to the college of their choice. Ms. DeVos has argued for the same thing for children. Why is an idea that has helped to create the greatest generation and the greatest colleges of the world so dangerous for schools? I would argue that she has been among the forefront of the leaders— like the Governors—for the most suc-cessful reform of the last 30 years to change and improve public education, and that would be the public charter schools. Those began with 12 schools in Minnesota created by the Democratic- Farmer-Labor Party in the early 1900s. Since then, charter schools have been supported by every President—Presi-dent Obama, President Clinton, Presi-dents Bush. President Obama’s most recent Education Secretary was a founder of charter schools. Four times, this Congress, by big bipartisan majori-ties, has supported charter schools. The last six U.S. Education Secretaries have supported charter schools. Char-ter schools have grown from 12 Demo-cratic-Farmer-Labor schools to 6,800 today, and 2.7 million children attend them. Teachers have more freedom and parents have more choices. They are public schools, and Betsy DeVos was in the forefront of helping to create that opportunity for public education. Finally, she believes what 85 of us voted for in the law that President Obama called a ‘‘Christmas miracle’’ in December of 2015, and that is to reverse the trend from a national school board and restore control of our children and our schools to those closest to the chil-dren. There will be no mandates for common core, no mandates for teacher evaluation, no mandates for vouchers, and no mandates for anything else from a U.S. Department of Education headed by Betsy DeVos. We will be swapping a national school board for what she believes in, which is a local school board, which is what 85 of us voted for. I am pleased to support her. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  following my remarks an article pub-lished by Max Eden on January 29, 2017, which shows Detroit charter schools— by three major studies—are better and children perform better than the tradi-tional schools of Detroit. I look forward to casting my vote for Betsy DeVos for U.S. Education Sec-retary early next week. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
HIGHLIGHTS AMONG DEVOS SUPPORTERS  22 State Governors, including: Gov. Robert Bentley, Alabama; Doug Ducey, Arizona; Gov. Asa Hutchinson, Ar-kansas; Gov. Rick Scott, Florida; Gov. Bruce Rauner, Illinois; Gov. Eric Holcomb, Indiana; Gov. Sam Brownback, Kansas; Gov. Matthew Bevin, Kentucky; Gov. Paul LePage, Maine; Gov. Rick Snyder, Michigan; Gov. Phil Bry-ant, Mississippi. Gov. Eric Greitens, Missouri; Gov. Doug Burgum, North Dakota; Gov. Pete Ricketts, Nebraska; Gov. Brian Sandoval, Nevada; Gov. Chris Christie, New Jersey; Gov. Susana Martinez, New Mexico; Gov. John Kasich, Ohio; Gov. Mary Fallin, Oklahoma; Gov. Bill Haslam, Tennessee; Gov. Greg Abbott, Texas; Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin. Former Governors: Jeb Bush; Mitt Romney; John Engler. Four Former Education Secretaries: William Bennett; Rod Paige; Margaret Spellings; Lamar Alexander. Former Senators: Joe Lieberman; Bill Frist. Democrats including: Eva Moskowitz, founder and CEO of Suc-cess; Academy Charter Schools; Anthony Williams, former Mayor of Washington, D.C. EDEN: WHEN THE NEWYORKTIMES’SREPORT -
ING ON DEVOS AND DETROIT CHARTERS  L
OOKS LIKE‘ALTERNATIVE FACTS’ (By Max Eden) The campaign against Education Sec-retary—designate Betsy DeVos has been both predictable and extraordinary. It’s no sur-prise that the education establishment was perturbed by the selection of a school choice advocate, and opposition from interest groups is to be expected. But in an era when the president of the United States has declared a ‘‘running war’’ on the media, accusing reporters of dis-torting facts to attack him, the work of one education journalist unfortunately lends some credence to that argument. Some critical coverage has been respon-sible and fair, but DeVos was sadly not ‘‘spinning’’ when she told the Senate that there’s been a lot of ‘‘false news’’ about her record. The New York Times has been most conspicuous in this regard. The editorial angle of its national education cor-respondent Kate Zernike was clear from her first piece on the nominee, ‘‘Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Has Steered Money From Public Schools.’’ Liberal bias at the Times is less than a non-story; if anything, I’d argue a partisan press is healthy in a pluralistic democracy. But when America’s ‘‘paper of record’’ makes verifiably false claims, they must be checked and corrected. Here are two significant ones. In a front-page June article titled ‘‘A Sea of Charter Schools in Detroit Leaves Stu-dents Adrift,’’ the Times education cor-respondent asserts that ‘‘half the charters perform only as well, or worse than, De-troit’s traditional public schools.’’ That claim was echoed by a Times edi-torial and would be big, if true. DeVos was nominated based on her school choice advo-cacy. If that work helped foster charter schools that are worse than the worst-in-the- nation Detroit Public Schools, that would be profoundly troubling. But if Detroit’s char-ters are better (even if not as much better as we’d desire), then it’s a different story en-tirely. Fortunately, they are better. There are three key studies that compare Detroit’s charter and district schools: one from Stanford University, one from the cen-ter-right Mackinac Center and one from Ex-cellent Schools Detroit (ESD), a local edu-cation nonprofit. As Jason Bedrick, a policy analyst at the Cato Institute’s Center for Educational Freedom, and I demonstrated in Education Next, all three show that charters significantly outperform district schools. Perplexed at how the Times reached the op-posite conclusion, I reached out to Zernike. Some critics assumed that Zernike was twisting data from the Stanford study, the presumptive source of district-to-charter comparisons. But Zernike informed me that she chose to use the ESD study after con-tacting the Stanford study’s author and de-termining that the data was too outdated for her purposes. I asked why she chose the ESD data over the Mackinac Center’s. Mackinac grades schools using a complex regression taking into account students’ socioeconomic back-ground. ESD grades on a combination of raw test scores, test-score growth and a school climate survey, but it doesn’t consider socio-economic status. She explained that Mackinac is ‘‘a partisan group that is pro-school choice and anti- DPS. ESD, despite how GLEP [the DeVos- backed Great Lakes Education Project] will characterize it, supported charters and tradi-tional public schools, and the measures seemed broader.’’ When I told her that sounded more like po-litical than methodological reasoning, she countered, ‘‘It’s not politics, it’s method-ology. I think graduation rate was the only thing Mackinac used to compare,’’ and added that she thinks the ESD data ‘‘do break down for demographics.’’ Wrong and wrong. Now, it’s possible that she didn’t simply default to the politically congenial option without further scrutiny. Perhaps she just failed to properly recall the details several months later. Whatever the case, the ESD data also show charters outperforming dis-trict schools. So, how did the Times national education correspondent reach the opposite conclusion? Now, bear with me, here because it’s com-plicated and it makes no sense. First she separated out K–8 district schools and high schools, calculating their respec-tive average scores, weighted by student en-rollment. She included high-performing se-lective-admissions district schools and ex-cluded low-performing Detroit public schools that have been taken over by the state. (Nei-ther decision is justifiable in a traditional- to-charter comparison.) Then she saw that for both K–8 district schools and high schools, the (inflated) weighted average score was higher than the median charter school score, and concluded that ‘‘half the charters perform only as well, or worse than, Detroit’s traditional public schools.’’ On the high school side, the unweighted average score of .33 is significantly lower than the weighted average of .41. It’s worth noting that the .41 is above the charter me-dian score and the .33 is below it. So going by the weighted average was the only way to ar-rive at that result for high schools. On the K–8 side, the weighted and unweighted averages are essentially equal. That average is indeed slightly higher than the median charter score, but it’s much higher than the district’s median score. So on K–8 schools, by her same faulty logic, it would also be accurate to say that ‘‘two thirds of the public schools perform only as well, or worse than, Detroit’s traditional public schools.’’ If that sounds silly, it’s because comparing an average to a median is statistical non-sense. The ‘‘apples to oranges’’ metaphor is apt but insufficient here. Essentially, Zernike took a basket of apples, pulled out the rotten ones, kept the genetically modi-fied ones, made statistically weighted apple-sauce, and plopped that applesauce in the middle of a row of organic oranges. Then she drew a false conclusion that’s become cen-tral to the case against Betsy DeVos’s nomi-nation for secretary of education. Personally, I doubt the mathematical mis-takes were conscious or intentional. But what really matters is that the ESD, Mack-inac and Stanford studies all show Detroit charters significantly outperforming tradi-tional public schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.005 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES666 February 3, 2017 
The second claim also involves the Times’s editorial against DeVos, in this case lament-ing that she funded charter advocacy efforts, ‘‘winning legislative changes that have ‘‘re-duced oversight and accountability.’’ The editorial linked to a December article by Zernike covering a legislative debate on De-troit charter regulation wherein ‘‘Ms. DeVos pushed back on any regulation as too much regulation.’’ Whatever the rhetorical merit of that edi-torial claim, it is flat false. In a Detroit News op-ed, to which the article later links, DeVos called for two additional regulations: A–F school accountability grades and default closure for failing schools, both charter and district. She certainly pushed back on some regulations as too much. But the bill that passed included the additional account-ability regulations for which she advocated. In fact, the final legislation boosted Michi-gan’s accountability score on the National Alliance of Charter School Authorizers index. Given the fact that the main subject of her article was a net increase in charter ac-countability, Zernike admits on Twitter that she’s ‘‘not sure what the ed board meant by that,’’ but notes that ‘‘MI legislation in 2011 (not June bill) did weaken oversight.’’ Zernike’s December article refers to the 2011 legislation in one passing sentence. Her June article noted that ‘‘the law repealed a long-standing requirement that the State Depart-ment of Education issue yearly reports mon-itoring charter school performance.’’ While true, that provision didn’t merit mention among the 12 key changes in the official leg-islative summary (five of which increased charter regulation). It’s possible that the Times’s editorial was referring to that repealed reporting require-ment from 2011 when it claimed that DeVos backed ‘‘legislative changes that have re-duced oversight and accountability.’’ But that seems unlikely, given that the editorial linked to Zernike’s December article on the 2016 legislative debate and that piece doesn’t even mention the 2011 provision. It seems more likely that the editors honestly con-fused an increase in accountability that was smaller than some stakeholders wanted with an actual, absolute reduction. And given the reporting they relied on, it would be hard to blame them. Education blogger Alexander Russo has skillfully outlined the ‘‘problematic media coverage’’ of Betsy DeVos, in which journal-ists have latched onto hyper-simplified story lines while ignoring complexities and es-chewing nuanced criticism. Whatever your take on DeVos or the media, everyone loses when the line between fact and falsehood is blurred beyond distinc-tion. At a time when the president’s advisers proudly tout ‘‘alternative facts,’’ critical, fact-based reporting is more necessary than ever, especially from outlets with the weight and influence of The New York Times. Their readers, and America’s schoolchildren, de-serve better. Correcting the record would be a good start. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I am on the floor today to stand with parents, students, teachers, families, and communities across our country to make sure they have a voice to strong-ly oppose Betsy DeVos and her plans to privatize public schools and destroy public education in America. I urge my colleagues to stand with their constitu-ents and join Democrats and Repub-licans in rejecting this nomination. I come to the floor as a former pre-school teacher, someone who got my start in politics fighting for strong public schools, a former school board member, a Senator committed to standing strong for public education in America, and a mother and grand-mother who cares deeply about the fu-ture of our students in our schools. Like so many people across the coun-try, I am someone who owes everything I have to a strong public education I received growing up in this country. I believe it is my responsibility to do ev-erything I can to make sure the oppor-tunities that were there for me and so many others are open to every student in this country, no matter where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents have. In general, I believe the Federal Government and specifically the Department of Edu-cation has an important role to play in making that happen. I take the position of Secretary of Education very seriously. Leading this agency in this moment is a critical job. I consider it to be my job to do every-thing I can to make sure the person who fills it is truly committed to put-ting students and families first. As I will discuss in detail today and in the coming days, I do not believe Betsy DeVos is the right person to do that. Before I get into Ms. DeVos’s failed record and her lack of experience, I wish to make a point about how I ap-proach nominees and how that impacts my perspective on this one. Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are going to spend their time in this debate trying to im-pugn the motives of Democrats and Re-publicans who are trying to stop this nomination. They will try to say that President Trump won the election and he should be able to pick anyone he wants to fill this position and that we should all sit down and be quiet. I re-ject that. I believe the Senate has an important role to play in this process. It is our constitutional duty to take these nominations seriously, and I refuse to stand by and just watch. President Trump absolutely has the right to nominate people for his Cabi-net who he thinks will carry out his vi-sion for the country, but that does not mean the Senate should be a rubberstamp. To the contrary, we owe it to the people we represent to make sure every nominee is not only quali-fied for the position and free of con-flicts of interest but that he or she will put families and workers first and not millionaires and billionaires or big cor-porations. President Trump was the first Presi-dential candidate in decades to not re-lease his tax returns, and he is openly flouting ethics conventions regarding his personal and family businesses. I believe that in an administration where lines around potential conflicts of interest are very likely to be blurred at the top, they need to be even clearer at the individual agencies. So I will not apologize for demanding that the Sen-ate do its job when it comes to doing our due diligence with these nominees. I will not back down from asking my questions for my constituents—the ones they would want me to ask. I will not stop fighting as hard as I can to op-pose a Secretary of Education who doesn’t stand with them. I am extremely disappointed at how this process has gone so far. I have great respect for the chairman of our committee, but I have never seen any-thing like it, especially coming out of our Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee, where until now we have worked together across party lines so well. Right from the start, it was very clear that Republicans in-tended to jam this nominee through the process as quickly as possible. Cor-ners were cut, precedents were ignored, debate was cut off, and reasonable re-quests and questions were blocked. Again, I have never seen anything like it on this committee, Democratic ad-ministration or Republican, Demo-cratic majority or Republican. It has been truly frustrating and deeply dis-appointing. I believe it is our job in the Senate to scrutinize nominees, but Republicans were acting like it was their job to pro-tect Ms. DeVos, to shield her from questioning. First, Republicans rushed us into a hearing before we had Mrs. DeVos’s ethics paperwork in. That might seem like a small thing, it may seem like a procedural issue, but it was important. Every single nominee during the Obama administration had their ethics paperwork in before a hearing in our committee. The Republican majority leader made having ethics paperwork in before a hearing a core demand of his during the Obama administration. The reason for this is simple: Senators should be able to ask nominees ques-tions about their finances, their poten-tial conflicts of interest, how they plan to avoid them, and how they plan to uphold the letter and spirit of our eth-ics laws. But without the Office of Gov-ernment Ethics financial disclosure and without their review, Senators go into a hearing in the dark on a nomi-nee’s ethics and finances, and that is exactly what we were pushed into with Mrs. DeVos. Secondly, when we got into that hearing, we were told that Democrats would only have 5 minutes each to ask questions—5 minutes to ask about Betsy DeVos’s finances, her long record of privatization of public education, her vision for this Department, and the many, many issues in this Depart-ment’s jurisdiction—5 minutes and, then, cut off. Now, this was completely unprece-dented and absolutely wrong. Never be-fore had it been the case in our com-mittee—not a single time that I re-call—that a Senator, who had a ques-tion for a nominee, was cut off and blocked from asking it. Democrats were sitting in the hearing, waiting, hoping the chairman would change his mind, but we were shut down and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.008 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S667 February 3, 2017 
were silenced, and Mrs. DeVos was pro-tected from answering additional ques-tions. Third, after we finally got Betsy DeVos’s ethics paperwork and had a number of questions about it, I re-quested another hearing where we could ask her those questions. That was a reasonable request. It was re-jected. Fourth, I had a number of questions for Betsy DeVos about missing infor-mation in her paperwork to the com-mittee, and she has simply not pro-vided the committee with the required financial disclosures. We have a strong tradition in our committee of not moving to vote until the ranking member’s questions are answered to satisfaction, and that tra-dition was ignored as Betsy DeVos was jammed through. Then, finally, after a vote was pushed through the committee as quickly as possible, with questions about rules being bent or ignored to get that done, this nomination is now being rushed to this floor, and Republicans are at-tempting to jam it through here as well. It is pretty clear to me why. The more people learn about Betsy DeVos, the more they realize how wrong she is for our students and our schools. The more they hear about her background, the more they see her as one more way President Trump has broken his prom-ise to ‘‘drain the swamp.’’ The more that comes out about her failed record, her tangled finances, conflicts of inter-est, and her lack of understanding or experience, the more the pressure in-creases on Republicans to put their al-legiance to President Trump aside and stand with their constituents. So I understand why some Repub-licans want to rush to get this through. I think it is absolutely wrong, and I know people are paying attention. I want to make one final point on this. The chairman of our committee, the senior Senator from Tennessee, has brought up the idea of ‘‘fairness’’ when it comes to how we should approach this nomination—that he believes President Trump’s nominees should be treated ‘‘fairly.’’ But my friend, the senior Senator from Tennessee, is de-fining fairness in an interesting way. He is saying that, if Republicans didn’t scrutinize President Obama’s nominees and if they didn’t take the time to do their due diligence, then, it would be unfair for Democrats to do that for President Trump’s. Well, I don’t agree with that. I define fairness very differently. I believe the fair thing to do is what is fair for our constituents, that we work for them and should do right by them—not for a party, a nominee, or an administra-tion. I believe the ‘‘fair’’ thing to do is to scrutinize these nominees, ask tough questions, and push for real an-swers, and that we should err on the side of deeper review and more robust questioning, rather than on the side of pointing to how Democrats and Repub-licans were treated in the past and ‘‘fairness’’ to nominees. So I think it is clear that this nomi-nee is being rushed through and cor-ners are being cut. I want to take some time now to talk about why I will be opposing her and urging all of our colleagues to do the same. I have three main reasons, and they are these: open questions about her tangled finances and potential con-flicts of interest; strong concerns with her record, her lack of experience, and her clear lack of understanding of basic education issues; and the belief that her vision for education in America is deeply at odds with where parents, stu-dents, and families across the country want to go. First of all, there is her tangled fi-nances and potential conflicts of inter-est. I mentioned this a bit before. I have never seen a nominee with such tangled and opaque finances and who is refusing to shine anything close to an appropriate level of light on them. Mrs. DeVos is a billionaire, and her inherited money is invested, along with other members of her family, in poten-tially hundreds of holding companies. Now, these holding companies often in-vest in other holding companies, and it is often very hard to untangle the indi-vidual companies in which she and her family actually own stakes. That is very relevant because we know her family has had significant education company holdings in the past, and they would be impacted by the decisions she made if confirmed. Mrs. DeVos has told us that she will comply with all ethics rules should she be confirmed, but we still have ques-tions, and she still has not fulfilled the committee requirements. We have questions about areas in Mrs. DeVos’s ethics paperwork, where it is simply unclear if assets she continues to hold have potential conflicts of interest, and we have not been given the full an-swers. We also want to know more from her about the family trusts she is main-taining positions in, and we have not been given the full answers. Finally, as I mentioned before, I have raised a number of questions about Mrs. DeVos’s failure to provide the re-quired financial disclosure to the com-mittee, and I have not been given full answers there either. Secondly, I have very strong con-cerns with Betsy DeVos’s record, her lack of experience, and her clear lack of understanding of basic education issues. I will take these one at a time. Nominees for this position have gen-erally been people who were committed to students, had a long career dedi-cated to education, and were focused on keeping public education strong for all students and all communities. Betsy DeVos is very different. First of all, she is first and foremost a Republican and conservative activist and megadonor. She was chair of the Michigan Republican Party, and she and her family have reportedly donated hundreds of millions of dollars to Re-publicans and conservative groups over the years. Second of all, Betsy DeVos has spent her career and her fortune rigging the system to privatize and defund public education and hurt students in commu-nities across our country. She has no experience with public schools, except through her work trying to tear them down. She has committed herself for dec-ades to an extreme ideological goal: to push students out of public schools and weaken public education, no matter what. She has spent millions of dollars in political donations, organizations, and super PACs to try and influence elections and policies to accomplish that goal. It is not difficult to pick out where Betsy DeVos has focused. The signs are usually pretty easy to see. Where she has succeeded in getting her way, too often there are weaker public schools, worse outcomes, and fewer true oppor-tunities for students. In fact, the only people guaranteed to benefit when Betsy DeVos focuses her attention on a community or a State are the TV stations who see hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars in money pour into attack ads against her political opponents. But all people need to do is watch her hearing in our committee, and they can learn everything they need to know. This is a hearing that people across the country heard about—and for good reason. From local newspapers to local news to the ‘‘Daily Show’’ to ‘‘The View’’ and posts that went viral on social media, a whole lot of people heard Betsy DeVos herself for the first time in that hearing, and they were not impressed, to put it mildly. They watched as Democrats were blocked from asking questions in an unprece-dented and disappointing attempt to protect this nominee. Then, on the questions we were allowed to ask, they saw a nominee who was clearly ill-in-formed and confused and gave a num-ber of very concerning responses to se-rious and reasonable questions. Let’s go through what Betsy DeVos said to us. She refused to rule out slashing investments in or privatizing public schools—privatizing public schools. She was confused that Federal law provides protections for students with disabilities. She did not understand a basic issue in education policy—the debate sur-rounding whether students should be measured based on their proficiency or their growth. She argued that guns needed to be al-lowed in schools across the country to ‘‘protect from grizzlies.’’ Even though she was willing to say President Trump’s behavior towards women should be considered sexual as-sault, she would not commit to actu-ally enforcing Federal laws protecting women and girls in our schools. Her hearing was such a disaster, and it was so clear how little she under-stood about education issues, that a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.007 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES668 February 3, 2017 
number of people and groups who usu-ally stay on the fence—or even some-times stand with Mrs. DeVos on some issues—could not stand with her any-more. Parents watching across the country saw a nominee who doesn’t seem to care about or understand the education issues that impact them and their kids. This takes me to my final point right now on Betsy DeVos. Her vision for education in America is one that is deeply at odds with where parents and students and families across the coun-try want us to go. At a time when edu-cation and the opportunity it affords is more important than ever, she would take our country in the absolute wrong direction. Eli Broad, a philanthropist and a strong charter school advocate, put it very well when he said: ‘‘At the risk of stating the obvious, we must have a Secretary of Education who believes in public education and the need to keep public schools public.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘With Betsy DeVos at the helm of the U.S. Depart-ment of Education, much of the good work that has been accomplished to improve public education for all of America’s children could be undone.’’ I completely agree. Parents across the country want their government and their representatives fighting tooth and nail to improve public schools for all students in every com-munity, while Betsy DeVos is com-mitted to privatizing public schools and diverting public funds into tax-payer-funded vouchers that will leave far too many of our students behind. I will add that I have many friends here in the Senate representing rural States that will be severely impacted by a Secretary of Education who imple-mented a radical agenda like this. The bottom line is that strong public education is at the heart of true oppor-tunity in America—something we all strive for and work for every day. Peo-ple understand that. They see that Betsy DeVos’s vision for this job is a direct attack on that core national value. I truly believe this is what has moti-vated so many people around the coun-try to stand up and speak out. They saw her disastrous hearing on the news and going viral on social media. It is clear that people across the country care so deeply about education and are so passionate about making sure we have strong public schools that seeing President Trump nominate someone like Betsy DeVos to run this Depart-ment just hits very close to home to a whole lot of people, and it is so deeply offensive to them. For parents of stu-dents in our public schools, it is very hard to see a billionaire—who never went to public school, who didn’t send her children to public school—put in a position to work against your inter-ests. For teachers who work so hard every day in our public schools, it is hard to see your work denigrated. For so many others in communities across the country, something about Betsy DeVos has lit a fire underneath them, as well, and they have all de-cided to do something about it. Senate office phone lines have been shut down over the past week with so many call-ers weighing in against Betsy DeVos. Every office is receiving tens of thou-sands of letters asking the Senate to reject her. Almost 40,000 have come in to my office alone. Millions of people have signed petitions with the same message. There have been rallies and protests across the country and mil-lions more posting on Facebook, shar-ing it with their friends, tweeting, and doing everything they can to make their voices heard. I wish to share just a sample of what I have heard from my constituents. One teacher from Mukilteo School District, a 26-year veteran of Wash-ington State public schools, said she has worked tirelessly at title I elemen-tary schools to help children achieve their greatest potential. If DeVos is confirmed, this teacher is terrified her school will lose its funding. Another constituent of mine from Federal Way tells me she has grand-children in Michigan who are at risk because of Mrs. DeVos’s reckless poli-cies there, and she does not want to see this disaster repeated throughout our country. The regional superintendent in Wenatchee, a small city in North Cen-tral Washington, told me that he and his colleagues didn’t even know where to begin laying out their concerns about Betsy DeVos. A fourth grade teacher from Spo-kane, WA, reached out to tell me she watched the confirmation hearing and was shocked at how little Betsy DeVos seemed to understand about the issues she faces every single day in her class-room. Those are just a few examples. There are thousands upon thousands in every community, in every State, and it is having an impact. Every Member of this body has felt the pressure. Al-ready, two Republicans have made it clear that the voices of their constitu-ents have pushed them into the ‘‘no’’ column, and I know there are other Re-publicans who take seriously what their constituents have to say and who have serious concerns about putting partisanship ahead of their States’ and their constituents’ interests. I don’t like that we are rushing into this without the information we need. But if the majority is going to jam this through, we are going to do everything we can to have a robust debate over the next few days. So I am here to say: I am proud to stand with parents; I am proud to stand with students; I am proud to stand with teachers; I am proud to stand with those in my home State of Washington and across the country who support strong public schools and true edu-cation opportunities for all; and I am proud to stand up and fight back against Betsy DeVos. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I rise to talk about what is going on in the Senate right now and the work that is done. It is early in the morning right now. It is 8 a.m. In Senate time, we have already done a series of votes that started at 6:30 this morning to be able to work through some of the nominations, and we have a great deal of work to be done. In the middle of the work that we are taking on right now, there is a lot of conversation about personnel. As you know well, the Senate is in the per-sonnel business as much as we are in the legislative business, especially at the beginning of a Presidential term. One of the biggest decisions that we will make in the Senate will be the Su-preme Court. Americans voted last year, in great measure, about the Supreme Court—in the direction of the Supreme Court. President Trump put out a list of 21 in-dividuals he said he would choose from so the American people would be fully aware that this is the type of indi-vidual he would go after, and you can look at any of these to be able to evaluate it. As I looked through that list of 21, one name stuck out to me. It is the name Neil Gorsuch, who is from Okla-homa, as many people in this Chamber know. Neil Gorsuch represents the Tenth Circuit. He served on that cir-cuit with great distinction, which in-cludes Oklahoma. We have been able to see his work in what has happened on the bench, the opinions he has put out and the consistency, how he has been respected by individuals on both sides of the aisle throughout Oklahoma and across the Tenth Circuit. Neil Gorsuch went onto the bench in 2006. He was put on the bench by Presi-dent Bush. What is interesting is this body, when they debated Neil Gorsuch in 2006, unanimously approved him with a voice vote. Not a single Senator opposed Neil Gorsuch when he went onto that Tenth Circuit bench in 2006. That means at that time Senator Barack Obama supported him. Senator Hillary Clinton supported him. Senator Joe Biden supported him. Senator C
HUCK SCHUMER supported him in 2006. All these individuals looked at who he was, what he was about, and supported him going on the Tenth Circuit bench. What has he done since that time? He has been a remarkable judge. He has advocated for something very clearly; that is, the role of each branch of gov-ernment and each branch of govern-ment doing its job and only its job. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.008 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S669 February 3, 2017 
has spoken out on an issue I have spo-ken out on this floor about several times and oftentimes in committee, an issue called Chevron deference. It is one of those issues that most people don’t track, but I hear a lot of people say the Executive orders are out of control and the executive branch is putting all these Executive orders out. I will typically smile at folks and say, actually, if you want to go down into the heart of it, it is not Executive or-ders, it is Chevron deference. In the 1980s, the Supreme Court gave the ability to every President to inter-pret the law as they choose to and to be able to put regulations in if under this term they were reasonable in in-terpretation. In other words, if a piece of legislation mentioned a topic, then a President could create regulations around it. It started slow, but I will tell you that has accelerated in the last several years. What has happened in the last several years is, Presidents have reached in, looked at a statute, tried to find a gray area of the statute, and used their deference ability to be able to interpret it. In his writings, Neil Gorsuch has stepped out and said what that does, to be able to give that kind of deference to any President, is to give the Presi-dent the ability to literally legislate an issue and then implement the issue and do his own interpretation of the issue. That is all three branches all piled into one. That is the President having the ability to say I am also the Court, I am also the legislative branch, and I am going to execute this out. That is a government out of balance. What Judge Gorsuch has done is over and over again pushed out this basic judicial philosophy that our Nation was founded on three separate parts of government; that the legislative branch is the only branch that legis-lates; that the executive branch carries it out; and there is only one branch that interprets the law, and that is the courts. If we were to move back to that sim-ple model, it gives balance and consist-ency to all individuals to be able to know what the law says, what is the law, and to be able to actually push that out in such a way that people can trust it stays consistent. I am proud to be able to sit down and have conversations with Neil Gorsuch in the days ahead. I am looking for-ward to getting a chance to meet with him in my office and to be able to work through other areas and issues he faces. When President Trump selected Neil Gorsuch and suggested him for the bench, as I have mentioned before, my first thought was we couldn’t have a better judge to be able to come out of the Midwest and to be able to speak out for the issues that real Americans want to be able to speak out for and to be able to have a Court that is consist-ently speaking, ‘‘What did the law say when it was written? Let’s just do that.’’ There are a lot of other personnel issues that are in front of the Senate right now. Betsy DeVos is in the proc-ess of what is called a cloture vote right now for Secretary of Education. That is final closing of debate and to be able to move to a vote that will happen Monday or Tuesday of next week. I will tell you, there has been a lot of conversation about Betsy DeVos, and I have heard the debate on this floor and in conversations and things I have read. What is interesting to me is, to be able to hear person after person stand up and say she is not for public education. Let me tell you where I am on this. Nine out of ten students in our Nation are in public schools. I grew up in pub-lic schools. My kids attend public schools. Many of my family members work in public schools or have worked in public schools. I am very passionate about what happens in our public schools because the vast majority of our students will be influenced and will be trained in our public schools. That has to be a primary focus of what we do. What is interesting to me is, Betsy DeVos was very outspoken during her confirmation process about her support for public schools. Did her children at-tend public schools? No, they did not, as Barack Obama’s children did not at-tend public schools, as many other wealthy families’ children did not at-tend public schools. Many wealthy families choose to do that because they have that option. Betsy DeVos, though, has been a person to raise her hand and say: Why do only wealthy families get to choose where their kids go to school? Why is that? Why don’t other families have the same option that wealthy families have? But Betsy DeVos has been outspoken in saying it is a main responsibility to be able to focus on the improvement of our public schools because, again, that is where the vast majority of our students at-tend school. It has also been interesting to me that all of these statements against Betsy DeVos often don’t take into ac-count this basic thing: Betsy DeVos for decades has been passionate about try-ing to help students in the inner city, students who are in poverty—any stu-dent—to be able to have every oppor-tunity in education they can possibly have. I would think that as a nation we would encourage that, and that would be a positive thing rather than a nega-tive thing. In 2015, this body looked at a public school education law called No Child Left Behind and said that the direction of public school education was going the wrong way. And for 15 years, we have had mandates coming down on our schools from Washington, DC, man-dating what type of curriculum they use in their school, what kind of teach-er evaluation is done for our public school teachers, what kind of testing requirement will come down on our schools. This body, with 85 of 100 voting for it, said that No Child Left Behind is putting Federal mandates on every school. The place where those decisions should be made is not Washington, DC; it is in local districts—done by parents, done by teachers, done by superintend-ents, and done by State legislators. That is exactly what Betsy DeVos has said as well. Betsy DeVos has been very clear. She is not trying to promote every State and every district doing charter schools, allowing vouchers for private schools, allowing other options. That is completely the decision of the school. While I have heard people say that if she is put in place, she will take away all this money from the schools, it is not her role nor her capacity to even do that. She has been very clear in say-ing that all of those decisions are made by local districts and by State legisla-tors and by parents—where the deci-sions should be made. Betsy DeVos has been very clear that No Child Left Behind was the wrong di-rection. In a very bipartisan way, 85 Members of this body agreed with that 2 years ago. President Obama agreed with that 2 years ago. And we all said that the best place for education deci-sions to be made is at the local level. Betsy DeVos was asked very directly: Will you go to these districts and try to impose on them to be able to put charter schools and private school ac-cess there? Her answer was: No, it is up to that local district what they choose to do—but nor would she try to stand in the way. If a local district or if a State chose to provide other options, it is not her role in the Federal Govern-ment to try to stand in the way of that. Quite frankly, I find it refreshing that someone would say: We are not going to run your school from Wash-ington, DC. What you choose to do in your schools, you are allowed to do. Again, there has been a lot of con-versation about charter schools and other options that are out there. I hear people all the time say that there is a problem with vouchers. How could the Federal Government be involved in any money going to private schools or pub-lic schools or whatever that may be? We settled that issue decades and dec-ades ago. It is called the GI Bill. When the GI Bill was passed after World War II, the Federal Government told those veterans coming back from the war: You can choose to go to any school you want to go to—public school, private school, wherever it may be. The GI Bill is still considered one of the most ef-fective tools that our Nation has ever done in higher education. It is a vouch-er program. And many people have not had the opportunity to think through: What does this mean? Again, Betsy DeVos has been very clear in saying it is not her desire to be able to impose that on every State, but if a State chooses to do that, why would we stop them when we have al-ready seen clear evidence that the GI Bill was already successful in its time, going back now 60-plus years? It is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.010 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES670 February 3, 2017 
issue that we look at and say: Why would we stand in the way of charter schools when, in the past, they have been very well received by Republicans and Democrats alike? President Obama was a supporter of charter schools. Both of his Secretaries of Education were outspoken sup-porters of charter schools. In fact, one of them helped found a charter school. Charter schools are public schools, and they are received well. In my State of Oklahoma, we just had another school that came online that is a charter school that has been approved by our State board of edu-cation in a unanimous vote just a few weeks ago. These are decisions that are made by local districts. These are deci-sions that don’t work in every area, in every location, especially in many rural areas. It doesn’t work the same way. So why don’t you allow that local district to make those decisions? Why don’t you allow that State to make that decision? Why don’t you give the authority to Oklahoma to do it? Let’s not ask Betsy DeVos; in fact, allow Congress to hold her to account to make sure that our Secretary of Edu-cation is not trying to impose on our States what she wants to do but is al-lowing our State to do what we want to do. What we ask of a Secretary of Edu-cation is not to run our schools but to stay out of our schools’ business and to allow us to be able to make those deci-sions. She is not going to step in and try to take funds away. Those are not her funds to give and to be able to monitor. Our decision is—what do we want to do as a State in education? What options do we want to provide to our kids? What I would ask most of a Secretary of Education is to leave us alone and allow us to do what we can for our kids. Quite frankly, I don’t have a problem with school choice, even as a parent who sent my kids to public schools when I could have sent them to private schools. I thought the school was doing a great job in my area. I was glad for my kids to be able to be involved in it. But why would we ever tell a parent: If you will give us just 5 more years, we will get this school cleaned up and turned around. Their child doesn’t have 5 more years. Their child has one shot. And if they wait 5 more years, they graduate from high school and without the opportunities they needed. It may work for their younger brother, but they couldn’t wait. Why don’t we give that ability back to the parent? As an avid supporter of public education, as a person with deep respect for teachers in my school, as a person who—I myself have a secondary education degree from college; I spent 22 years working for students, and I cannot tell teachers enough: Thank you for your thankless service. They spend all day with students who don’t want to be there most of the time. They deal with parents at night who are upset that their child got a B-plus rather than an A. And they work tire-lessly through a lot of bureaucracy. We are grateful for that. I can assure them that this Congress will make sure that no Secretary of Education, including the next one, reaches into any class-room and tells them how to do their business. 
NOMINATIONS OF JEFF SESSIONS AND SCOTT  
PRUITT  
Madam President, we have a couple of others I want to mention, as well. J
EFFSESSIONS , who is coming out of this body, will be the next Attorney General. He will be a great Attorney General because J
EFF SESSIONS has proved over the years that he is pas-sionate about the law. He did it when he was in Alabama. He has done it here in the Senate. He has been an indi-vidual who is very focused: What does the law say? Let’s do that. He has been a person who is a lover of all people but also a person who is not opposed to confronting people when they need to be confronted. It is a good role for an Attorney General. I look forward to seeing him in that spot. We have a favorite son in this fight as well. His name is Scott Pruitt. Scott Pruitt has been beat up a lot by the special interest lobbyists and environ-mental lobby. They put out all kinds of stuff about him. I encourage them to actually meet Scott Pruitt and to hear from him. Scott Pruitt has been pas-sionate about the environment. Scott Pruitt actually likes breathing clean air. I know that may be shocking to people, but he actually likes clean air. In fact, he likes clean water as well. I don’t know if you knew that or not. Scott Pruitt has been a very good at-torney general for us and has also been very focused on doing this one thing: What does the law say? Let’s do that. Some of the pushback that Scott Pruitt has had is not that he is opposed to the law; it is that he is not willing to push beyond the law, to be more cre-ative with the Clean Water Act, and to be more creative with the Clean Air Act. It is not the job of the executive branch to be creative with an old law; it is to implement the law and to do it well. I fully expect Scott Pruitt to hold every person and every company that are polluters to account because we as a nation all want clean air and clean water. But I also fully expect him to push back when someone says to him ‘‘You ought to do this,’’ and for him to respond ‘‘That may be nice, but that has to pass Congress because the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency can’t make up the rules; they can only im-plement the rules that have been given to them by Congress.’’ I am looking forward to Scott Pruitt serving in that role. In the weeks ahead, as he has ad-vanced out of committee, he will come to the floor, and we will have a full vote here. I am willing to tell all of my colleagues that when Scott Pruitt is at the Environmental Protection Agency, you will be pleasantly surprised with how fair he is, how responsive he is, and how passionate he is about actu-ally implementing the law. These are long days for us because there are an awful lot of stall tactics going on. President Trump is trying to put his Cabinet together. By this point, 2 weeks in, President Obama had al-most all of his Cabinet done already. Over 20 individuals were already in place in President Obama’s first term. The other party has blocked as many as they possibly can so that President Trump can’t get to work. You may think that is a nice political thing to do, but the Nation had an election. And as President Obama said, elections do have consequences. President Trump should be allowed to put together his Cabinet just as Re-publicans allowed President Obama to put together his Cabinet before. It is a fair thing, and it is the right thing to be able to do. We all need to be able to get our work done, President Trump included. Let’s let him put his team to-gether and get to work as the Amer-ican people have asked him to do. Madam President, with that, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I come to talk about a topic that is near and dear to my heart. Although I don’t serve on the committee of jurisdiction, I will tell some stories today that will demonstrate to you about why I feel so strongly about this nominee and so strongly about this position. I want to start with my dad’s story. My dad grew up on a small family farm outside the town of Barney, ND, not that you would know where that is. When he became an eighth grader— when he graduated with an eighth- grade education, he wanted to go to high school in Wyndmere, but as was the custom at the time, the oldest son was expected to stay on the farm and not get an education beyond the eighth grade and help support the family. That is not unusual. There is probably a number of people in this body whose parents have a similar experience, but this story really came home to me when my dad was diagnosed with mela-noma. Unfortunately, with part of that dis-ease, the cancer moved to his brain and something remarkable happened for all of us, and that was that he would relive parts of his life. He would believe—as the cancer took over his brain, that part would activate his memory, and he would be doing things like calling bingo in the middle of the night during this time when he was in hospice care. It would alarm us, and maybe some-times even amuse us, but he would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.011 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S671 February 3, 2017 
truly believe he was calling bingo at the Mandan VFW Hall. I remember taking care of him one night, when he started reliving the ex-perience of not going to high school and started really talking about how that affected his life, begging his fa-ther. I would never have known that without the cancer, but that education experience was so critical to his future and the future of his children. That ex-perience that he had taught us and in-formed us and mandated that we appre-ciate public school education and the opportunity that came with it. That leads to our story, the seven children of Ray Heitkamp who had a great public school education in Mantador, went to high school in Hankinson. Some of my siblings were fortunate enough to go to parochial school before St. Francis closed down, but we all graduated from Hankinson High School. Then something truly re-markable happened in this country— truly remarkable because we had a chance to go to college. From the time we were just children, my mother would tell us we were going to college. We would wonder, back in the sixties, how that was ever possible. Then the Federal Government did something truly remarkable. It said our most important asset and our greatest future lies in the education of our children, and we want to help our children advance with that education. We saw what happened with the GI bill when GIs came home from World War II and went to college and became doc-tors and lawyers, became bankers, be-came businessmen, and worked to build their communities. We saw that. We said: Wouldn’t it be great if every kid had that opportunity, not just re-turning veterans but every kid. So I remember coming here, my first day that I presided in the U.S. Senate after I was elected in 2012, and I was so busy getting ready to serve that I hadn’t really gotten to that spot where I realized: Wow. I am standing in the most deliberative body in the world, and I am a U.S. Senator. I remember gaveling in, asking Pastor Black to come forward and give the prayer, and then we turned—as the pages know, we turned to say the Pledge of Allegiance. It was at that moment when I asked myself, ‘‘In what country can the daughter of a school cook and a con-struction worker serve in the U.S. Sen-ate?’’ We are blessed in this country to have opportunity, but that opportunity is diminished if we don’t support public school education. That opportunity will not be available to future genera-tions. We will continue to divide this country in ways that will destroy our democracy. So where do we go today and how does this have anything to do with today? This is our Nation’s story. Public school education, which began in Mas-sachusetts, and every step and every development of public school education has expanded the opportunity for chil-dren with disabilities to achieve their highest calling through public school education. Children of a school cook and a construction worker can become a U.S. Senator. Any achievement we all have is because someone cared about our education and cared about our opportunities. I was fortunate, I had parents who believed in education. Way too many children today are in homes where edu-cation isn’t a priority. Maybe that home is racked with poverty, addic-tion, huge challenges. Even homeless children deserve a public school edu-cation, deserve access to education. We are the envy of the world. Chil-dren in other countries die for the op-portunity for public school education. This is foundational, not just to the in-dividual development but to the future of our country. So where are we today? Sure, we have challenges in education. No one is denying that. No one is saying our pub-lic school education, our entire edu-cation system is perfect. The challenge I have in North Dakota is achieving quality education in a rural setting. How do we do that when maybe there are only two high school seniors, and if they are going to go to the next school, they are going to drive at least an hour and a half a day. That is not unheard of. I can only imagine what that looks like in Alaska. There are parts in our State where we are challenged every day to deliver high-quality education. We have a technology barrier. Fortunately, in North Dakota, we have technology and broadband in many of our schools. That is not true across this country. We need to do more in broadband, bringing high-quality education tools to schools. We need to recruit the best teachers for our rural schools, the best teachers for our urban schools—the best people. During my time as Attorney General, I did a project involving juvenile jus-tice. We went around to all of the schools, mainly talking to junior high kids because we believed that was the point at which they were making choices that may change the trajectory of their life. We were going around high schools talking to junior high kids. One of the things that kids told us over and over again is, they did not want their teachers to know when they had done something illegal. Why is that? It is not because they didn’t trust their teachers with that information. The other group they didn’t want to know was their parents because they didn’t want to disappoint the heroes in their lives. Contrary to what people think— because they think children’s heroes are some sports hero or some rapper or some performer, and that is absolutely not true. Do you know who kids’ heroes are? First, they will say their grand-parents or parents or a sister or a brother, one of their family members. Next what we hear is their third grade teacher, their seventh grade math teacher, their high school coach who maybe made their life a little bit easier when they were in school. Those are their heroes. These are the people who are doing the critical work all too often of helping to raise our kids in very challenging circumstances. So when we do not support public school education with highly qualified nominees for the highest education job in the country, what does that say to people who may choose an opportunity in education? It says we don’t think very much of them because we are just willing to go ahead with a D-minus ap-plicant because maybe that applicant had a big checkbook. I want to talk a little bit about my colleague who is on the floor today, P
ATTY MURRAY , and a colleague who is not, and that is Senator A
LEXANDER . I can state that I was in State office when No Child Left Behind was passed. It was so apparent to me and everyone at that level that this was not a public policy that was going to achieve the in-tended results, but yet we maintained that public policy for decades—through gridlock, through the inability to sit down and compromise, through the in-ability to put politics aside and put children first. Then something remarkable hap-pened in the last Congress. In a highly contentious partisan environment, two great leaders, Senator M
URRAY and Senator A
LEXANDER , sat down, and they knew the time had come to re-verse the No Child Left Behind Act and replace it with something that was going to be much more successful so the Every Student Succeeds Act was passed, and we are now on the path of implementation. We set a new policy for public school education. We need a leader in the Department of Education who believes in public school education and who can admin-ister that policy, who can leave policy to the local and State school boards, to parents, to PTAs, and to local folks. We want policy. We need someone who can collaborate and implement and work with schools across our country to make this policy work and then re-port fairly back to us when something is not working to tell us that wasn’t a good idea. We need more afterschool programs. We need a hot lunch pro-gram that actually serves more kids in the morning so kids are ready to learn. That is what we need. So what did we get with this nomi-nee? In my opinion, we got a highly un-qualified nominee for one of the most significant positions in government for our most precious resource, our chil-dren. That is what we got. So I am standing today, explaining my belief that we need to do something different than approve this nominee. We need to send the right message to all of those educators, all of those State officials, and all of those parents who came together and worked with Senator M
URRAY and Senator A LEX-
ANDER to form a policy. Dissent was hardly anywhere. If it was, it was whis-pered on the edges. We need somebody 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.013 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES672 February 3, 2017 
who appreciates that work, who under-stands that work, and who would never say public schools are a dead end. Public schools are not a dead end. They are the beginning of opportunity. We have to work hard to make sure that happens, but we have to start from a foundational belief that public school education is critically impor-tant and needs to be protected, sup-ported, and advocated for. We have to start there, and I think we are not there with this nominee. I wish to say it is not just my judg-ment that I bring to the floor of the Senate today. I bring to the floor the judgment of thousands of North Dako-tans who have called me. Hopefully, I did something to give people greater access to my advocacy in the Senate for them. I opened a por-tal on my Web page and asked people to tell us what they wanted to have done with these nominees. I have re-ceived thousands—in fact, 4,600. It may not sound like a lot to other offices, but that is a lot from a State of only 730,000 or 740,000 people. Of those 4,600, over half were on this nomination. Of those who called this office or sent a message to the portal, 92 percent of them said: Please, do not vote to ap-prove Betsy DeVos. These are incred-ible statistics, very telling statistics. I wish to read some of the comments I received from North Dakotans. I re-ceived a comment from Amber of Burleigh County, who said: 
My husband and I are both public edu-cators and we know how critical a good pub-lic school education is for students all across North Dakota, including our two daughters. We need a leader at the U.S. Department of Education who supports students, teachers, and public schools. Unfortunately, Betsy DeVos wants to dismantle public schools. 
Judith from Cass County said: 
DeVos has no public education experience or training of any kind; she has never been a teacher or school administrator, served on any public board of education, or even at-tended a public school. It is clear DeVos is not qualified to be the head of the U.S. De-partment of Education. 
Patricia from Bottineau County told me: 
As a former public school teacher and grandmother of 6, I do not support Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. She should not get this job with no experience in education other than trying to get rid of public schools. 
An editorial today in the Fargo Forum, a very conservative newspaper in my State—I might say, it is not known for its liberal bias—said: 
Of Trump’s Cabinet nominees, DeVos is among the least qualified for the intended job because of her uninformed and ideologi-cally skewed views of public education. Her ignorance was on display during her Senate committee hearing during which she was un-able to answer even softball questions about long-standing education policies. 
If we were inclined to support Ms. DeVos, I felt it was my job to watch the hearings. By anyone’s measure, I think the hearings were clearly a dis-aster for this nominee. But I think it also represented—more than the lack of knowledge and qualifications—an at-titude. That attitude is that it is clear she doesn’t understand the importance of public schools and refused to rule out taking Federal investments away from public schools. In fact, I think it was very clever in not revealing the true agenda, which is to privatize—not just charter schools. In fact, some of the greatest charter school advocates in this country do not support her nomination. She doesn’t understand basic edu-cation policy, yet she wants to lead the Federal agency overseeing education in our country. She doesn’t understand or know of current Federal laws that sup-port and protect students with disabil-ities. She has shown her severe lack of knowledge about rural schools, which represent about one-third of the public schools nationwide. She never attended or taught in a public school or had any of her children in a public school. Students, parents, and teachers across North Dakota have stood up to say no to Betsy DeVos. In the Senate, only one more vote is needed to stop this nomination from proceeding. I ask my colleagues who have not made up their mind, my colleagues whom I know care deeply about chil-dren to think about the great history of our country and think about the enormous privilege we had as children and as young adults to access that pub-lic school education. I ask them to think about how else someone who is the daughter of a school cook and a janitor and a seasonal construction worker could be in the Senate if it weren’t for public school education. Please, we can find someone so much better—someone who understands the new Federal policy, who has the ability to collaborate with public officials and not criticize, someone who hasn’t said the work of these people who have dedicated their lives is a dead end, and someone who has respect for public school education. We can do so much better. Our kids need it and deserve it. Children in the most precarious and difficult situa-tions need a champion, whether it is because they have disabilities or whether they come from poverty and don’t have a parent who really cares about their education or is too busy trying to put food on the table to worry about whether the homework gets done. We can make a difference here. We can send a message out to all of those school teachers who have dedi-cated their lives, who are our kids’ he-roes, that their life work matters. We are going to send them the best this country has to offer to be their leader. Madam President, with that, I yield the floor, and I yield my time to Sen-ator MURRAY . I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I yield the remainder of my postcloture debate time to Senator MURRAY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I rise today to address the potential con-firmation of Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. I rise today not just as a Senator from Montana; I am a former public school teacher, a former public school board member. I have a mother who was a teacher and an aunt who was a teacher. I have a daughter who is a teacher. I have a sister-in-law who is a teacher. I have a number of teachers in my family. They all have either taught at or currently teach at public schools. When I was growing up, education was a critical part of what we developed into. Public education was something that my parents thought was very im-portant. That was instilled in them by my grandmother, who over 100 years ago immigrated to this country from Sweden, due in part to the public edu-cation system we have in this country today. When I came home from school every day, my mother would quiz me on what went on in public education. By the way, I went to the same school she did. She would find out what had tran-spired, both the interactions with the kids and what went on academically in the school, and also offer me a hand if I needed help with the academic por-tion. We would talk about my experi-ences in the public school because it was important. She knew it was impor-tant. She was the daughter of a home-steader. When she was a child, home-steading wasn’t exactly looked upon kindly by the ranchers of the commu-nity. They thought homesteaders were taking away their right to make a liv-ing—breaking up that good grass and putting wheat on it, making it so cat-tle couldn’t continue to graze there. There was a lot of friction between ranchers’ and farmers’ kids. They all went to the same public school. In my particular case, it was Big Sandy Pub-lic Schools. In the environment of that public school, those kids learned to get along. What resulted from that was the ‘‘greatest generation.’’ We live in a world today due in much part to their figuring out a way to get along, fig-uring out a way to communicate, fig-uring out a way to make the world a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.015 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S673 February 3, 2017 
better place. That was due I think en-tirely because of the public education system we have in this country today. Our public education system is—and this cannot be argued—the foundation of our democracy. When I was growing up and the Vietnam conflict was going on and there were conflicts around the world, everybody said: You know, these countries need to have a democracy. And then there was a realization that without an educated population, de-mocracies really don’t work. We have had a democracy in this country for nearly 250 years because of the success of our public education sys-tem. We have had a middle class in this country that has been the envy of the world because of our—listen to me— public education system. It is the foun-dation of our democracy, it is the foun-dation of our economy, and it is a place where we learn to live together peace-fully. What is troubling about the nomina-tion of Betsy DeVos as Education Sec-retary is that she wants to privatize this public education system we have. I had her in my office. We talked about vouchers, and we talked about privatizing education. We talked about accountability. Her response to the public education system was that it was failing. Her response to that was, pull a few kids out. Pull the kids out who don’t have any disabilities, pull the kids out who are a little smarter, and put them into a classroom, and that will be what makes this country great again. This country is already great, and if we do that, I am here to tell the people of the Senate today that we will destroy the foundation of this country and we will destroy—it may take a few years—we will destroy our democracy. It would be different if Betsy DeVos had spent 1 hour, 1 minute, 1 second in a public education classroom. She was not educated in public schools. She has not dealt with public schools. I dealt with it as a teacher. I dealt with it as a school board member for 9 years. In fact, my second public service job was on the Big Sandy School Board. It is important because my first one dealt with soil and soil conservation, and my second one dealt with education. She has been in neither of those positions. Quite frankly, it doesn’t matter that she wasn’t in those—except it does be-cause if you don’t touch base with what is going on and see the successes that are happening in public education, you can have a warped view of what is going on in this country right now, and that warped view will cause you to do things like say ‘‘You know what, we are going to put up charter schools, we are going to have vouchers, and ulti-mately we are going to take away pub-lic education as we know it today.’’ In-stead of saying ‘‘You know what, we are going to invest in accountability, we are going to invest in teachers’ sal-aries, and we are going to invest in a 21st-century education system so our kids can compete,’’ the answer is ‘‘No, we are going to pull kids out of the school.’’ I am going to tell you a secret. I taught in the late seventies. I am far from a master teacher; I taught for a couple of years. I quit teaching because I could do anything else in society and make more money. I could cut meat for a day and make as much money as I made teaching school for a week. Wouldn’t it be a little bit smarter, instead of privatizing the schools, as Betsy DeVos wants to do, to invest in those schools? Let’s give the kids the maximum opportunity we can give them. Let’s value public education, and let’s value education. I am going to tell you what happens in a rural State like mine with privat-ization. My school system in my home-town of Big Sandy has about 175 kids. That is not an exception for Montana; there are a lot of schools that have 175 kids or fewer. By the way, that is not high school; that is K–12. Let’s say that for whatever reason, somebody wants to set up a charter school a few miles down the road and suck a few kids out of Big Sandy and maybe suck a few kids out of the Fort Benton school sys-tem and a few more out of the Chester system. Pretty soon, they have their little charter school, and there is less money to teach the kids who are left in those public schools. What do you think is going to happen to those kids who are left there? That is going to take away from our public education system. Ultimately, it will cause those schools to close because the money that funds our education is at a bare minimum right now. The other thing that has happened in our public education system is that Congress—people here—has made the promise to local schools to fund kids with disabilities, the IDEA Program, things we can do to help fix public edu-cation. Let’s fund what we promised— 40 percent. It is funded at 16 percent right now. So if we had a person who was going to go in as Secretary of Edu-cation and said: You know what, this is a problem, and we are going to fight to make sure that folks have the money from the Federal level to be able to teach the kids; and we are going to live up to our promise; and, by the way, IDEA is a good program that needs to be fully funded, and the Federal Gov-ernment needs to do their part at 40 percent, I may have a different opinion. But that is not what she wants to do. She, in fact, wants to do something far worse than that. She told me she wanted to block grant the money for IDEA, which would further put another nail in the coffin of schools around the country, and then put three or four in the rural schools. It has been documented here earlier this morning that the phones have been ringing off the hook. They have been ringing off the hook opposed to Betsy DeVos. There are 1 million peo-ple who live in Montana. Over 3,000 people have contacted me opposing her. I have had 20 contact me to support her. Phones are ringing off the hook. In fact, the phones are ringing to the tune of 1,200 to 1,500 calls a day. The phone system has shut down. There are some Senators who aren’t even answering their phone because they don’t want to hear it. But the truth is that public education is important in this country. People know what is at risk here. To have somebody who has never spent any time in the classroom of a public education system is asking for cata-strophic results. I am going to read a few comments from people in my great State who have sent me emails and letters about Betsy DeVos. Here is one from Melee in Missoula: 
Mrs. DeVos has no place in our national education system. She is clearly not pre-pared nor does she even have the most basic experience to do this job well. Our students, teachers, and parents, deserve an excellent candidate, and she is not it. 
Kelly from Laurel: 
As a mother of an 11-year-old daughter, the thought of this woman in charge of our Na-tion’s school system scares me. 
Sandy from Billings: 
It would be nice to have an Educational Secretary who has actually worked, I say WORKED, in education instead of some rich woman who has never spent a day in public schools. 
Kim in Kalispell: 
We need an Education Secretary that knows what the I-D-E-A Act actually is and the needs of rural school districts. We can do better and our kids deserve better. 
Jenessa from Froid wrote me quite a long letter. I think it is particularly poignant, so I want to read this to you. It is a little bit long, but I think it is very clear. I want to back up a little bit and tell you that Froid is a very small town, not unlike Big Sandy. It doesn’t have a lot of kids, but it has great people. Here is what Jenessa says: 
After marrying my husband, a local farm-er, in August 2010, I put down my roots with plans to spend my entire teaching career in Froid. With Mrs. DeVos pushing for private school funding, our small school will be one of the first to suffer. Having two small boys that will be soon entering into their school years, they will be the third generation to walk the halls of Froid Public School. I want them to be able to spend all 13 of their public school years in the same school. As an educator, I have seen what a small rural school can do for a student. While we may not get the same opportunities as large schools, when the opportunities knock on our door, we have a large percentage of stu-dents take advantage. They have pride in their school and their community. Montana is currently suffering from teacher shortage. With a lack of fund-ing, this shortage will only get worse. I am currently in the process of earning my Masters degree in Educational Leader-ship. With this degree, I have been given the opportunity to become the principal of our small school. A school my family attends, my roots are dug, and I do not want a woman like Betsy DeVos having control over [our school]. Please vote no. A vote for Betsy is a vote for private control. A vote for Betsy is against the community of Froid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.016 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES674 February 3, 2017 
A vote for Betsy is against Froid Public School. A vote for Betsy is a vote against public school teachers across this country and against the great State you represent. A vote for Betsy is a vote against my family. A vote for Betsy is a vote against me. 
Mary from Red Lodge: 
As a 32-year veteran educator in a rural public school, I am deeply concerned about the appointment of Betsy DeVos as Edu-cation Secretary. I’m inclined to say that her loyalty and financial backing of Mr. Trump were the reasons for the misguided appointment and not her experience and knowledge in education issues. To be in such an esteemed position as Edu-cation Secretary, one would expect years of experience and an advanced degree to under-stand the ongoing issues we face in U.S. edu-cation. 
Sara from Billings: 
As a first grade teacher in a low-income school, I believe wholeheartedly in Mon-tana’s public schools. Betsy DeVos believes in school privatiza-tion and vouchers. She has worked to under-mine efforts to regulate Michigan charters, even when they clearly fail. The marketplace solution of DeVos will de-stroy our democratically governed commu-nity schools. Her hostility towards public schools disqualifies her. She will not work to provide a free and fair education to my students who struggle every day with hunger, with homelessness, and more. I am asking you to vote against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. 
But I have heard from far more than that—from parents to grandparents, to doctors, to average Joes who oppose this nomination. Education is some-thing that affects everybody’s life. In my opening remarks, I talked about the need for public education for de-mocracy to work and exist. As a former school teacher and as a former board member, I can tell you that there are a lot of things we can do to make public education better, and we ought to do it. There are hard things to do. It is much easier to say: Let’s just destroy the program and privatize it, and then see what we end up with. That would be a bad decision, and that is why we should not vote for Betsy DeVos. The impacts are huge. They are huge on our economy, they are huge on our form of government, and they are huge for us being a leader in this free world we live in. In closing, I want Montanans to know that we have heard you. You called, you wrote, and you contacted me on Facebook and Twitter. Your message has been loud and clear. It is a message that we are hearing all across this country. It is a message that, quite frankly, if we confirm this lady, will not make America great again. In fact, it will, over time, de-stroy this very country that we love. As to people who I talk to who say: The Secretary of Education doesn’t matter; it is not going to affect me—I don’t know whom you are kidding. The fact of the matter is, this will affect every school in every community in this country. We can say President Trump got elected, and he needs to have the team that he wants. I am not going to vote for a team that destroys the public education system in this country. I would not be doing a service to the peo-ple who came before me—the previous generations—and I certainly would not be doing a service to my kids and my grandkids and the generations to come after. This is a very important deci-sion. If we want to do the tough work of debating our public education sys-tem and determining how we can make it better, get the best people in the classrooms, and get the best academic material in there for them to work off of, let’s do that. But let’s not destroy the public education system that has made this country great for generation after generation after generation. I urge my colleagues to stand with the thousands of Montanans and the millions of Americans who have told us to vote no on Betsy DeVos. Madam President, I yield my remain-ing postcloture debate time to the Sen-ator from Washington, Mrs. PATTY  M
URRAY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. Mr. TESTER. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, why are we even debating the nomination of a person who clearly does not believe in our Nation’s public schools? No mat-ter whether you are a Democrat, Re-publican, Independent, no matter what part of the country you live in, wheth-er rural or city, whether you have chil-dren or not, who would say that edu-cation is not important or valuable? Who would say that education is not foundational to success in life? Nine of every 10 students in the United States attend a public school. Who among us would say those stu-dents should be led by a person who does not believe in public schools? Who among us would say that we should have an Education Secretary who does not commit to making public schools better for the sake of all of our chil-dren? Then we should ask ourselves: Is Betsy DeVos the best that we can do for our children and young people? Does Betsy DeVos believe in public schools? No. Has Betsy DeVos ever been a teacher, a principal, or even at-tended public school? No. Does Betsy DeVos believe that we should hold charter schools—which are public schools, by the way—equally as ac-countable as other public schools? No. Does Betsy DeVos understand edu-cational civil rights laws that provide all children with disabilities the oppor-tunity to pursue a free and appropriate public education? No. Did Betsy DeVos commit to holding schools accountable for campus sexual assault? No. Again, I ask: Is Betsy DeVos the best that we can do for our children and young peo-ple? No. Again, why are we even here to de-bate whether such a person should lead the Department of Education? I feel as though we are going down a rabbit hole where up is down and down is up. It should not be asking too much to have an Education Secretary who will stand up for public schools and the millions of our children and young people who attend our public schools all across our country. Education is foundational. I think we all acknowledge that. I speak from ex-perience. When I came to this country at almost 8 years old, I did not speak a word of English. I attended public schools where I learned how to speak English, developed my love of reading, and ultimately prepared for college. Public schools really helped prepare me for life. I had a great sixth grade teacher. His name is Yoshinobu Oshiro. Before he was a teacher, Mr. Oshiro served in the military intelligence service during World War II, one of the segregated Japanese-American units that went on to earn the Congressional Gold Medal. He really cared about his students, and he encouraged me to study hard. I have stayed in touch with Mr. Oshiro for decades. When I was last home in Hawaii about a month ago, I invited him to the historic meeting of President Obama and Prime Minister Abe of Japan at Pearl Harbor. I wanted to make sure that Mr. Oshiro met both Prime Minister Abe and President Obama. This happened. Today, I have a photo of Mr. Oshiro. There he is, meet-ing President Obama on that historic day in Hawaii. Mr. Oshiro was a very important part of my life. In public schools across the country, there are many more Mr. Oshiros, teachers who go out of their way to support and encourage their students. They deserve a leader who will fight for them, who understands the challenges our public schools face, and who is committed to meeting those challenges. They deserve a leader who wants all of our children in public schools to succeed. If you can truly say that Betsy DeVos is that leader, that she is the best we can do for the mil-lions of children attending public schools in our country, then vote for her. But I cannot. Thousands of my constituents agree. I yield the remainder of my postcloture debate time to Senator M
URRAY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator may receive up to 40 minutes. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.017 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S675 February 3, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING LAVELL EDWARDS  
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise today to honor the memory of LaVell Edwards, a giant of the gridiron who guided the Brigham Young University football program through decades of unprecedented success. Surrounded by his family, Coach Edwards passed away peacefully on the morning of December 29, 2016. Born to Philo and Addie Edwards in 1930 in Orem, UT, he excelled in foot-ball and basketball at Lincoln High School. Following graduation, he decided to attend Utah State University to play football. LaVell figured that if he played for BYU, the hometown school, he would have lived at home and been required to milk the family cows, so he went north to Logan. At Utah State, he met the love of his life, Patti Covey. A few months after the two went on a blind date, they were married in Bea-ver Dam, UT. Following graduation, LaVell served in the Army for 2 years. After receiving an honorable discharge from the mili-tary, he became head football coach at Granite High School in Salt Lake City. After eight seasons as head coach, LaVell was hired at BYU by Hal Mitch-ell in 1962. LaVell humorously re-marked that he was hired only because Coach Mitchell wanted to run the sin-gle wing offense and Coach Edwards was the only Mormon running that of-fense at the time. After 10 seasons as an assistant coach at BYU, he was promoted to head coach in 1972. Prior to his promotion, BYU had never achieved much success in football. In LaVell’s words, it was a matter of when, not if, he would be fired. So he decided to do something that few other coaches were doing at the time: make the forward pass the focal point of the offense. LaVell’s bold move revolutionized the game of foot-ball. His quarterbacks ended up throw-ing for over 100,000 yards, and four of them won the Davey O’Brien Award, given annually to college football’s best quarterback. One of his quarter-backs even won the Heisman Trophy, which is awarded each year to college football’s best player. LaVell’s high- powered offense boosted the team to national prominence and culminated in BYU’s 1984 national championship vic-tory. Following this historic season, Coach Edwards was named the AFCA Na-tional Coach of the Year. With LaVell at the helm, BYU consistently finished in the top 25. He would eventually lead the Cougars to 19 conference champion-ships and 257 victories, making him the seventh winningest coach in college football history. He coached 31 all- Americans, 6 College Football Hall of Famers, and 2 Outland Trophy winners. Coach Edwards himself was ultimately inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2004. Despite his tremendous success on the field, LaVell always remained hum-ble. He also never lost his sense of humor. Although college football fans typically remember Coach Edwards for his trademark sideline scowl, he was renowned for his wit. He quipped on this fact, saying, ‘‘Someone once said I’m a happy guy; I just forgot to tell my face.’’ With his disarming humor and clever one-liners, LaVell could lighten the mood and make almost anyone laugh. Coach Edwards also had a remark-able ability to delegate. Although he knew football forward and backward, he surrounded himself with capable coaches and he let them do their jobs. His assistants were some of the best ever in college football, partially be-cause he let them have free reign. This quality allowed him to focus on the personal element of football. He valued all of his players, and by all accounts, his door was always open to them. Indeed, many of his players have spoken about having frequent meetings with him that helped change their lives for the better. At his fu-neral, hundreds of former football play-ers showed up—Hall of Famers, top- notch-rated people in almost every case. I was there at the funeral on Sat-urday. Coach Edwards simply cared about people, and I was fortunate to witness this up close. In the 100th Congress, I had the pleasure of working with him when he was president of the American Football Coaches Association. To-gether, we helped to pass legislation that allowed the AFCA to establish multiemployer pensions for college football coaches. Given the uncertain nature of the coaching profession, this legislation was an important achieve-ment for coaches and their families across the country. Although football was important to LaVell, his faith was first and fore-most. While he was coaching at BYU, LaVell served as a lay bishop in a Mor-mon student congregation. He thor-oughly enjoyed the interactions he had with those students. Throughout his life, he served his church in many other positions of re-sponsibility. Following his retirement from coaching in 2000, LaVell and Patti served a public affairs mission in New York City for the Mormon Church. He served honorably in that capacity and even put his experience as a football coach to good use. I might add that he invited me to come up and go to dinner with a num-ber of dignitaries in that area so that he could chat with them and tell them a little bit about his faith and his be-liefs, and it was a privilege to do so. He and Patti were terrific mission-aries and good people. While a mis-sionary, LaVell aided in the establish-ment of Harlem’s first high school foot-ball program in decades. Coach Edwards and Patti also met with many different political and reli-gious leaders, and, as he put it, they looked to ‘‘build bridges’’ between these leaders and his church. Madam President, LaVell Edwards was a champion on and off the field. Not only was he one of the most suc-cessful coaches in college football his-tory, he was also one of the greatest men I ever knew. I will be forever grateful for my own friendship with LaVell, and I pray that we will always remember the humility and humor that were the hallmarks of his life. It was one of the privileges of my life to have a personal relationship with him and Patti. They are two of the finest people I have ever met. I have to say that LaVell would drop anything to support his religious be-liefs, and he was a tremendous influ-ence on literally hundreds, if not thou-sands, of football players and others who watched what he said, watched what he did, and loved how well he did those things. I personally was befriended by him on a number of occasions, and it meant a lot to me. It means a lot to me to this day not because he was so impor-tant, he was one of the greatest coach-es who ever lived, and he was in the Hall of Fame, but because he was down-to-earth, a person who loved to play golf, loved all sports, and loved being with people. And when he sup-ported you, it was really support. All I can say is, he is one of the greatest men I have ever met in my life. He had a great influence on so many people—still does. His wife is every bit as great as he has been. Both are tremendous human beings who have made this world a better place to live. From a football standpoint, I think most coaches who knew him would say he was unexcelled, and I agree that is true, but that was minor compared to the type of life he lived, the type of things he did, the type of honors he shared, the type of kindness he showed, the ability to talk to people and help them through the problems they had, and, of course, the overall genuine goodness of a fellow whose life was well spent, who touched so many lives, lit-erally hundreds of thousands of lives over the years, and who had this tre-mendous sense of humor that made being around him a real pleasure. I am grateful I knew LaVell Edwards well. I am grateful for the life he lived. I am grateful for the example he set. I am grateful for the joy he brought to so many people. And I wish his dear wife Patti well. I just hope that these words will be a little bit of consolation for her. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to strongly oppose the nomination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.020 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES676 February 3, 2017 
of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Edu-cation. I want to start by just reading from some letters from some young con-stituents that I received. From one little boy named Theodore: 
Dear Senator Gillibrand, I am a public stu-dent in PS 3. I love my school. Please vote against Betsy DeVos because she’s against public schools. I’m happy here. 
From Felix: 
Dear Senator Gillibrand, I am a public school student in New York, and I love my school. Please vote against Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education because she is preju-dice against public schools. I am in third grade and am a boy. Love, Felix. Dear Senator Gillibrand, my name is Mina, and I am a public school student. I love my school (PS3), and I hope you vote against Betsy DeVos because she does not support public schools. Sincerely, Mina. 
These are just three letters out of thousands of letters, phone calls, and emails from my constituents. I have never heard so much from my constitu-ents about someone so ill-prepared for the job they have been nominated for. I am unconvinced that this nominee in any way would use her position to actually fight for the 2.6 million stu-dents and 200,000 teachers in the public schools in my State. She refused during hearings to com-mit to protecting the Federal funding that goes to our title I schools which serve students from our lowest income families. She refused to uphold critical Federal laws, like the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, in schools that receive this absolutely necessary Federal funding. She refused to com-mit to upholding title IX guidance from the Department of Education, which has played an instrumental role in addressing the problem of sexual as-sault in our schools across the country. She even wavered on whether guns have any place in and around our schools, she said she would oppose gun- free school zones. She doesn’t have any experience working as a teacher or as a school administrator at any point in her career. Instead, she has spent dec-ades advocating for education policies that would fundamentally undermine our public school education system. What kind of message does this send to our students and their families and our teachers if we put our trust in a person who has worked so tirelessly throughout her career to weaken pub-lic schools? I am astonished by how little the nominee seems to understand about the basic needs of New York’s schools, teachers, and parents. I am very dis-turbed about how out of touch her statements are with basic values. In New York, we have over 2.6 mil-lion students who attend public schools, including 450,000 with disabil-ities. We have over 200,000 public schoolteachers. Ninety percent of all students in our country go to public school. Public schools serve all kids. They feed them if they show up hungry. Public schools help all kids with disabilities and don’t send them somewhere else. Public schools help all students reach their God-given potential, and public schools are held accountable for meeting the requirements of our Federal education system and essential civil rights pro-tections, but this nominee has vilified public schools. Teachers and students around the country have raised their voices about this nominee, and they have made their views very clear. They do not want us to confirm Betsy DeVos to lead the Department of Education be-cause they feel she is not an Education Secretary for all of America. I have heard from tens of thousands of them. Listening to what my constituents say, they are pretty concerned. I would like to read a couple more letters. This one is from a school social worker in a middle school. She was hired to help underserved children de-velop effective executive functioning skills and survive their day-to-day lives. 
My students are resilient, intelligent, lov-ing young women and men, and they face in-describable hardships that no child should have to experience. The ideologies and policies represented by Betsy DeVos and the Trump administration put my students’ futures on the line. Please continue to represent and fight for my students by denying the confirmation of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. 
Here is another letter: 
While I teach in a private school setting, my sixth grade daughter attends a public middle school, and my second grade son at-tends a funded special education school to address his speech and language delays. We rely on the excellent public schools in our community to support the learning needs of our children, as do hundreds of thousands of other families in New York City and millions of families across the Na-tion. 
Here is another letter from a teacher in one of the poorest school districts in my State. He wrote: 
I not only teach the State-mandated cur-riculum—we offer elite educational program-ming to all those who reside in our district. I am honored on a daily basis to know that I have been able to level the playing field for many students by offering them the keys to success through their education. Students who come to us homeless, under-fed, victims of poverty and trauma are given the same access to success as those more for-tunate. Because of our public school systems, they have been able to achieve the American dream and achieve all their dreams. 
These are real concerns. These are heartfelt worries. This is what the peo-ple of New York are saying and people across this country. We need to listen to our constituents. We need to serve them. We need to represent them. We need to listen to our teachers across our States who work so hard every day to make sure our children can learn and reach their potential. We need to listen to our families and our students who have expressed very real fears that this nominee will cause damage to our public schools. So I stand with my colleagues from both parties to oppose this nomination. I will not support the confirmation of someone who is such a threat to our public school system. I encourage everyone in this Cham-ber to think about the students and teachers in their States who des-perately need a leader to run the De-partment of Education. I urge all of my colleagues to vote this nominee down. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be the Secretary of Edu-cation. This is not a position I take lightly. I have never opposed the con-firmation of a nominee for Secretary of Education. I also have never seen the intensity of opposition to a nominee for this position as we have witnessed with Mrs. DeVos. Thousands of Rhode Islanders—edu-cators, parents, community leaders— have written or called to express their dismay that a person with Mrs. DeVos’s record and background would be chosen to lead the Department of Education. What I have seen and heard about Mrs. DeVos leads me to agree with my constituents—she is uniquely unsuited and unqualified for this crit-ical position. The U.S. Secretary of Education oversees the Federal Government’s role in ensuring educational equity in our public schools regardless of family in-come, race, ethnicity, language, or dis-ability. Mrs. DeVos’s work has been in the opposite direction. She has dedi-cated her time, political capital, and personal fortune to creating private sector alternatives to public education. She has also fought to shield those alternatives from the same standards and accountability that apply to public schools. For example, she spent a re-ported $1.45 million to reward or punish Michigan legislators as part of her ef-fort to kill an accountability plan that would have included charter schools. This hostility to public schools and af-finity for using public dollars to fund private schools or for-profit education companies makes her, in my esti-mation, a poor choice to lead the U.S. Department of Education. Mrs. DeVos’s crusade for vouchers raises another fundamental question about whether she respects the separa-tion between church and state. This is a founding principle of our Nation. However, in the past, she has talked about her education reform efforts in religious terms as advancing God’s Kingdom and reversing what she feels is a trend of public schools displacing church in community life. In an admin-istration that has signaled a willing-ness to discriminate based on religion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.022 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S677 February 3, 2017 
these views are cause for real concern and they have no place at the U.S. De-partment of Education. Mrs. DeVos’s crusade for school choice in Michigan has been a failure for students. Since 2000, student achievement in that State has fallen. In 2000, Michigan students scored above the national average on the National Assessment of Education Progress in fourth grade reading and math. By 2015, they were below average. As a single-issue educational re-former, Mrs. DeVos does not have the breadth of knowledge necessary to oversee our national education policy from preschool through adult edu-cation and postsecondary education. Her policy solution for education is choice. As they say, when all you have is a hammer, everything is a nail. This one-size-fits-all approach is a real dan-ger given the diversity of our students, our institutions, our communities, and the different educational challenges across the lifespan of individual Ameri-cans. I know many parents and students and employers are worried about our schools. I share that worry, and we need to do more, but Mrs. DeVos’s plan to eliminate those neighborhood schools rather than do the hard work of repairing, renovating, and providing the supports that enable all schools to be ready to learn at school is cause for alarm. During her hearing, Mrs. DeVos dis-played little understanding of the Fed-eral student aid programs that provide approximately $150 billion in assistance to students struggling to pay for col-lege. So not only does she have a sin-gle-minded focus on private charter el-ementary schools, she has very little grasp—from her hearing testimony—on the challenges for postsecondary edu-cation in the United States. She also appeared confused about questions regarding the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act—the landmark law enacted in 1975, and up-dated many times since, that protects the rights of children with disabilities to a free and appropriate education. At first, she suggested that States should be allowed to decide whether or how to enforce the law, and that, in my view, is a disqualifying answer. This has been a Federal initiative that has proved successful. Indeed, many of us can recall when students with special needs were ig-nored—totally ignored—until the IDEA, and now they have been incor-porated into our public school systems and into our educational system, which has benefited these students, their fam-ilies, and our country. I also share my colleagues’ concerns about Mrs. DeVos’s finances and her ability to carry out her duties as Sec-retary free from conflict of interest. Her ethics disclosures show invest-ments and relationships across a range of education interests from for-profit early childhood education companies to for-profit education management entities, advocacy organizations, edu-cation software, campus services, pri-vate student loans, and student loan debt collectors. She has not fully dis-closed her assets to the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee and has declined to provide in-formation on the holdings in two fam-ily trusts that she will retain if she is confirmed. This lack of transparency raises real questions about whose in-terests will be served under her admin-istration at the Department of Edu-cation. Education is really the launching pad for the American dream. It is the en-gine that drives this country forward. The Secretary of Education must be a champion for public education. As we have seen from the Office of Civil Rights data collection, we have significant gaps in opportunities and resources in schools across this coun-try. Our Secretary of Education must be dedicated to helping States and school districts close those gaps. These children cannot afford to have re-sources drained from their public schools for vouchers that will do little to improve the quality of education in their communities. And as many of my colleagues in rural States have indicated, there is just, in many places geographically, the inability to substitute a public school with a vouchered charter or pri-vate school. If we break faith with these public schools, we will leave thousands of Americans, particularly in rural communities, without any real choice. The Secretary of Education should be working toward helping our teachers, principals, school leaders, and parents ensure that we are reaching all stu-dents and helping them succeed. All students include students with disabil-ities and English language learners. All students, together, learning from one another and not in separate and, in-deed, perhaps inherently unequal envi-ronments. Our goal should be equal op-portunity. And if we pursue that goal, we will see the progress and success of America continue. We need a Secretary of Education who is prepared on day one to lead our Federal student aid system that in-cludes a student loan portfolio of over $1 trillion with more than 40 million borrowers. This is another aspect of the responsibilities in postsecondary education that, in her testimony and in her presentation, Mrs. DeVos appeared to be ill-informed about. Our Secretary of Education must be at the forefront of expanding college access, improving affordability, and ensuring that stu-dents’ educational and financial inter-ests are protected. We need a Secretary of Education who is prepared to address the needs of adult learners, especially those who have been left behind in a changing economy. Mrs. DeVos has provided no insight as to how she will lead the De-partment of Education’s efforts to sup-port adult learners. In fact, one of the realities of this economy is that learning today is life-long, lifetime learning. We have left the period in which a high school di-ploma would be adequate for a person to get a good job, move up through the ranks in a company, retire com-fortably, and provide for the next gen-eration. Now, the intensity of edu-cation and the duration of education has to be for a lifetime. And, once again, that knowledge, that expertise, was not demonstrated in her testi-mony. Sadly, I do not believe that Mrs. DeVos is the Education Secretary that we need. She has dedicated her time and wealth to promoting alternatives to public education, which I believe is the bedrock of our democracy. I think one of the most significant reasons this country grew and expanded was that going back to our earliest days, we, more than any other Nation in the world, pioneered free public education, accessible to all, and that engine drove this country forward. To ignore that, to abandon public education, would be a tremendous setback to not only our economy but to the fabric of our soci-ety. Her focus on vouchers and for-profit education calls into question—very dramatically—her commitment to pub-lic schools. It does not seem to be her major priority, and I would argue that has to be a major priority of the Sec-retary of Education, along with the Federal role of ensuring that the rights of all students are protected, regardless of where they live. This can’t be a De-partment of Education that is focused on certain ZIP Codes and ignores other ZIP Codes. Furthermore, nothing in her back-ground and in her testimony before the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee inspires confidence that she has the experience or vision necessary to oversee public education policy, including higher education and adult education. For these reasons, I cannot support her nomination, and I would urge my colleagues to join me in voting no. As I indicated in my opening re-marks, having served under both Re-publican Presidents and Democratic Presidents, this is the first time I have ever felt that I could not support a nominee for the Department of Edu-cation. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish to thank my many colleagues who have been here this morning to talk about this critical appointment, the Sec-retary of Education, who oversees all of our K–12 and higher education in this country. It is a principle so many of us care about. I have heard passion-ately from so many of my colleagues here today about what public edu-cation means to them, what it means to our country, what it means to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.026 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES678 February 3, 2017 
democracy, and what it means for kids of all different backgrounds to come together in a public education system that is guaranteed by this country. The dangerous views of this nominee, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education—who has said repeatedly she will not protect the investments we have made, but rather has the philosophy that we should take money away from our pub-lic education students and put it to vouchers for private schools—will un-dermine our whole entire democracy. It is why we have heard across this coun-try from so many parents and teachers and students and grandparents and business leaders who are urging Sen-ators from every State to vote no on this nominee. Certainly we can do better. Certainly the last election was not about sending our K–12 and higher education system into chaos, certainly not at a time when one of the most important things people care about is the stability of our economy, the ability to get a job. Fun-damental to that is being able to know you can go to a school, no matter where you are or where you live or how much money you have, and get a good education. We need to keep that, and no one wants to send that system into chaos at this time. That is why people are speaking out. As I mentioned earlier today, I have heard from thousands of people in my home State who have contacted me with concerns about this nomination of Betsy DeVos to be the Secretary of Education. An overwhelming number of them are people who have spent time in our classrooms with our kids; that is, our teachers. Many of them have spent decades in public schools dedi-cating their own lives to helping our children learn in school districts of all different sizes, and those teachers de-serve a voice today. So I thought I would take a few min-utes to tell my colleagues a little bit about what I am hearing and why they believe we should oppose Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. I heard from a teacher from my hometown of Bothell, WA, who wrote me and said that public education is the basis of equality for all students in this country. Our Founding Fathers recognized the importance of having educated citizens and the need to pro-vide it for all of our children. Edu-cation for profit doesn’t work. And we need to do what we can to make sure we fight privatization of our education system. I heard from another woman in cen-tral Washington who works with low- income students. As she noted, taking title I funding and putting it toward private schools will be devastating to small communities. She is echoing what I am hearing from rural commu-nities across my State and what I am hearing from many other Senators who have talked to me about what they are hearing from rural communities in their States. From Seattle, I heard from an educa-tor who told me that she wanted to see fellow educators—or at least people with some experience in our public schools—running this Department. That is why she opposes Betsy DeVos— no experience. A retired teacher from Mercer Island asked me to oppose this nomination. She has spent 37 years teaching chil-dren in our public schools. On the other side of my State, in Spokane, a 28-year teaching veteran says strengthening public education is the best thing we can do for schools like hers that are located in a high- poverty district. In Prosser, a public school teacher and a former lawyer told me that he is committed to both the public edu-cation system and the Constitution. He called the nomination of Betsy DeVos an affront to both, given what he called her track record of undermining public schools and the need for separation of church and State. He said that only through access to high-quality learning opportunities can we remain free. I heard from a teacher—also a par-ent—from Issaquah who said: ‘‘This nomination is very disappointing.’’ In order to ‘‘make America great again’’ she said we need fully funded schools for teachers who have the time and the resources to prepare students to be life-long learners. In Monroe, WA, a teacher for 35 years says she is afraid of what DeVos could mean to public education. From Camano Island, a retired teach-er of 31 years said all children deserve the same access to high-quality public education. A teacher from Vancouver School District tells me that our public schools deserve better than someone who has called them a dead end, adding that the Secretary of Education should be an advocate for the principle of free, quality, and equal education. She wor-ries that if we don’t defend public edu-cation from the views of Mrs. DeVos, then we have failed the future of this democracy. I received a succinct message from Dave in Seattle, in all caps, where he writes: ‘‘ABSOLUTELY NO.’’ Those are just a few of the many, many people I am hearing from. There are literally thousands and thousands more. I know that is true from all of our colleagues here. Why? Because peo-ple are making their voices heard loud and clear. They want a Secretary of Education with real experience in pub-lic schools who is truly dedicated to strengthening our public education system across the country. I am proud to stand with my con-stituents and the public school edu-cators from Washington State to urge our colleagues to vote no on Betsy DeVos. We have had a good number of Sen-ators here today to talk about this. I know we are going to be spending Mon-day, Monday afternoon, into the night Monday, Tuesday morning hearing from many other Senators and having a very robust debate. I hope that all of those who are lis-tening, and everyone in this country, stands up at this time and thinks about what public education means to this freedom and this democracy, and I know they will, as they have been con-tinuing to let their voices be heard by their elected representatives. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REAR ADMIRAL CRAIG FALLER Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and congratulate RADM Craig Faller on his outstanding service to our Nation as the Navy’s chief of legislative affairs from June 2014 through January 2017. During that time, he was the Navy’s lead advocate on Capitol Hill and had the challenging job of communicating with all 535 Members of Congress, handling their constituent inquiries, and properly rep-resenting the Navy while taking into account military, political, and budg-etary priorities. Admiral Faller selflessly devoted the last 2 and a half years of his life to en-suring our Nation’s sailors were rep-resented in Congress, and he excelled in that role. He established warm and lasting relationships with my col-leagues, garnering respect and admira-tion in both Chambers of Congress and on both sides of the aisle. He worked with us to establish the first-ever Sen-ate Navy Caucus and broadened the Navy’s outreach beyond members of de-fense committees. His efforts, along with those of the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, introduced the Navy to Sen-ators who would not otherwise have had exposure to the great work our sailors are doing around the globe. On behalf of my colleagues and the U.S. Congress, I thank Admiral Faller for his dedicated service to the Navy and our Nation. I also thank his wife, Martha, for her support and sacrifice. I wish them fair winds and following seas as he moves on to his next assign-ment as the senior military assistant to the Secretary of Defense. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:57 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03FE6.027 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S679 February 3, 2017 
Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following joint resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Sen-ate: 
H.J. Res. 36. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’. 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED  
At 11:46 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled joint resolu-tions: 
H.J. Res. 38. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. H.J. Res. 41. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’. 
The enrolled joint resolutions were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–663. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the fiscal year 2016 Annual Nu-clear Weapons Stockpile Assessments from the Secretaries of Defense and Energy, the three national security laboratory directors, and the Commander, United States Strategic Command (OSS–2017–0053); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–664. A communication from the General Counsel, Office of Science and Technology Policy, Executive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Office of Science and Technology Policy, Executive Office of the President, received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–665. A communication from the Acting Secretary of the Army, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Dakota Access Pipeline; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–666. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Technical Collection for the New START Treaty (OSS–2017–0108); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–667. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report on the activi-ties of the Community Relations Service for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: POM–10. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to extend Louisiana’s seaward boundary in the Gulf of Mexico to three marine leagues; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 4 Whereas, in United States of America v. States of Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, Ala-bama, and Florida, 33 U.S. 1 (1960), the sea-ward boundary of the state of Louisiana in the Gulf of Mexico was judicially determined by the United States Supreme Court to be three geographical miles, despite evidence showing that Louisiana’s seaward boundary historically consisted instead of three ma-rine leagues, a distance equal to nine geo-graphic miles or 10.357 statute miles; and Whereas, the seaward boundaries in the Gulf of Mexico for the states of Texas and Florida were determined to be three marine leagues; and Whereas, the unequal seaward boundary imposed upon Louisiana has resulted in (1) economic disparity and hardship for Lou-isiana citizens and entities; (2) economic loss to the state of Louisiana and its political subdivisions; and (3) the inability of the state of Louisiana and its political subdivi-sions to fully exercise their powers and du-ties under the federal and state constitutions and state laws and ordinances, including but not limited to protection and restoration of coastal lands, waters, and natural resources, and regulation of activities affecting them; and Whereas, in recognition of all of the above the Legislature of Louisiana in the 2011 Reg-ular Session enacted Act No. 336, which amended Louisiana statutes to provide that the seaward boundary of the state of Lou-isiana extends a distance into the Gulf of Mexico of three marine leagues from the coastline, and further defines ‘‘three marine leagues’’ as equal to nine geographic miles or 10.357 statute miles; and Whereas, Act No. 336 further provides that the jurisdiction of the state of Louisiana or any political subdivision thereof shall not extend to the boundaries recognized in such Act until the United States Congress ac-knowledges the boundary described therein by an Act of Congress or any litigation re-sulting from the passage of Act No. 336 with respect to the legal boundary of the state is resolved and a final nonappealable judgment is rendered; and Whereas, through the federal Submerged Lands Act of 1953, Congress has the power to fix the unequal disparity of the lesser sea-ward boundary forced upon Louisiana by rec-ognizing and approving that Louisiana’s sea-ward boundary extends three marine leagues into the Gulf of Mexico; and Whereas, as shown by the national impact of natural and manmade disasters such as hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 and the Deepwater Horizon BP Oil Spill in 2010, the seaward boundary of Louisiana is vital to the economy and well-being of the entire United States, since among other benefits the Louisiana coastal area: (1) serves as both host and corridor for significant energy and commercial development and transportation; (2) serves as a storm and marine forces buffer protecting ports and the vast infrastructure of nationally significant oil and gas facilities located in such area; (3) provides critical en-vironmental, ecological, ecosystem, and fish, waterfowl, and wildlife habitat functions; (4) provides protection from storms for more than 400 million tons of water-borne com-merce; and (5) offers recreational and eco- tourism opportunities and industries that are known and appreciated throughout the world; and Whereas, the Louisiana coastal area ac-counts for 80% of the nation’s coastal land loss, with its valuable wetlands disappearing at a dramatically high rate of between 25–35 square miles per year; and Whereas, hurricanes Katrina and Rita turned approximately 100 square miles of southeast Louisiana coastal wetlands into open water, and destroyed more wetlands east of the Mississippi River in one month than experts estimated to be lost in over 45 years; and Whereas, the economic, environmental, and ecological damage of the Deepwater Ho-rizon BP Oil Spill is already calculated in terms of billions of dollars, and potential longer-lasting impacts are still being deter-mined; and Whereas, adopted in 2006, the federal Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act (GOMESA) would provide ongoing revenues to Louisiana from federal oil revenue derived from gulf leasing and drilling, with the first payment in 2017 estimated to be approximately $176 million, and with such monies dedicated to coastal restoration, hurricane protection and coastal infrastructure; and Whereas, despite strenuous objection, ef-forts are now underway to repeal or amend GOMESA that would result in depriving Lou-isiana and other gulf coast states of such monies; and Whereas, the extension of Louisiana’s sea-ward boundary into the Gulf of Mexico for three marine leagues will provide a much- needed stream of revenue for use in the state’s ongoing efforts to clean up, rebuild, protect and restore the Louisiana coastal area from losses suffered due to both natural and manmade disasters, and will benefit both the state and the entire nation: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana memorializes the Congress of the United States to extend Louisiana’s seaward bound-ary in the Gulf of Mexico to three marine leagues; and be it further Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution shall be transmitted to the President of the United States, to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives, and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ENZI, from the Committee on the Budget, without amendment: S. Res. 46. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on the Budget. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. R
EED, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K ING, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. D
AINES ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.004 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES680 February 3, 2017 
S. 298. A bill to require Senate candidates to file designations, statements, and reports in electronic form; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. P
AUL): S. 299. A bill to require the appropriation of funds to use a fee, fine, penalty, or pro-ceeds from a settlement received by a Fed-eral agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 300. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require that return in-formation from tax-exempt organizations be made available in a searchable format and to provide the disclosure of the identity of con-tributors to certain tax-exempt organiza-tions; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. L EE, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 301. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit governmental dis-crimination against providers of health serv-ices that are not involved in abortion; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 302. A bill to enhance tribal road safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. C AR-
PER): S. 303. A bill to discontinue a Federal pro-gram that authorizes State and local law en-forcement officers to investigate, apprehend, and detain aliens in accordance with a writ-ten agreement with the Director of U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement and to clarify that immigration enforcement is solely a function of the Federal Government; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S. 304. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copay-ment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. 305. A bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Viet-nam War Veterans Day; considered and passed. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S.J. Res. 20. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to clarify the authority of Congress and the States to regulate corpora-tions, limited liability companies, and other corporate entities established by the laws of any State, the United States, or any foreign state; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TOOMEY: S.J. Res. 21. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Update for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. K ING, Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 44. A resolution designating Feb-ruary 6 through 10, 2017, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. Res. 45. A resolution designating Feb-ruary 2017 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and February 3, 2017, as ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ENZI: S. Res. 46. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on the Budget; from the Committee on the Budget; to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. T OOMEY ): S. Res. 47. A resolution supporting the con-tributions of Catholic schools; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 132 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 132, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide for congres-sional and State approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments. 
S. 166 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 166, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of Muham-mad Ali. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 170, a bill to provide for nonpreemption of measures by State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-re-lated or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities tar-geting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 229 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 229, a bill to provide for the con-fidentiality of information submitted in requests for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, and for other purposes. S. 240 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 240, a bill to nullify the effect of the recent execu-tive order that temporarily restricted individuals from certain countries from entering the United States. 
S. 260 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of S. 260, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S.J. RES. 9 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 9, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8, of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Se-curities and Exchange Commission re-lating to the disclosure of payments by resource extraction issuers. 
S.J. RES. 11 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S.J. Res. 11, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bu-reau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conserva-tion’’. 
S.J. RES. 17 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 17, a joint reso-lution approving the discontinuation of the process for consideration and auto-matic implementation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medicare Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 302. A bill to enhance tribal road safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss a bill I just intro-duced, the John P. Smith Act. Just a few short weeks ago, I came to the floor to recognize John Smith, a Wyoming resident who was a life-long advocate for transportation safety. For nearly three decades, ‘‘Big John’’ Smith led the Department of Transpor-tation for the Eastern Shoshone and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.011 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S681 February 3, 2017 
Northern Arapaho Tribes of the Wind River Reservation. Wyoming lost one of its great representatives and leaders on December 31, 2016, but John’s legacy lives on through the changes he ef-fected on the Wind River Reservation. John’s unwavering commitment to improving transportation infrastruc-ture earned him awards and respect the country over. More importantly, Big John inspired others to invest in trans-portation and road safety on the Wind River Reservation. It is only fitting that a bill, which seeks give additional tools to tribal governments across the country, would be named after such a committed man. The John P. Smith Act will stream-line requirements for tribal transpor-tation projects to help make intersec-tions, railroad crossings, and other tribal transportation features safer for the people who depend on this infra-structure. Relatively minor changes can dramatically improve public safety around roads. The John P. Smith Act makes sure that simple things, like in-stallation of rumble strips, improve-ment of roads for pedestrian or cyclist safety, and even basic signage would not be subject to months or years-long delays due to bureaucratic backlog. When he testified before the Com-mittee of Indian Affairs when I was Chairman, Mr. Smith told the stories outlining the many tragic deaths on dangerous roads in Indian country. He shared that at the time of his testi-mony, the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming had the highest rate of pedes-trian deaths in the United States. The John P. Smith Act would ensure that basic safety measures could be put in place in a timely manner. Big John shared, ‘‘When you have narrow roads, with sharp curves, no medians and no shoulders, you are asking for trouble.’’ The projects included in this bill will help to save lives in tribal commu-nities. John Smith has been described as a ‘‘Champion of Change’’ by the White House, a skillful diplomat by his peers, and I was proud to call him my friend. It is with great honor and respect that I am pleased today to introduce the John P. Smith Act to build on John’s lifetime of transportation safety achievements. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 44—DESIG-NATING FEBRUARY 6 THROUGH 10, 2017, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SCHOOL COUNSELING WEEK’’ Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. I SAK-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 44 Whereas the American School Counselor Association has designated February 6 through 10, 2017, as ‘‘National School Coun-seling Week’’; Whereas school counselors have long advo-cated for equal opportunities for all stu-dents; Whereas school counselors help develop well-rounded students by guiding students through academic, personal, social, and ca-reer development; Whereas personal and social growth results in increased academic achievement; Whereas school counselors play a vital role in ensuring that students are ready for col-lege and careers; Whereas school counselors play a vital role in making students aware of opportunities for financial aid and college scholarships; Whereas school counselors assist with and coordinate efforts to foster a positive school climate, resulting in a safer learning envi-ronment for all students; Whereas school counselors have been in-strumental in helping students, teachers, and parents deal with personal trauma as well as tragedies in their communities and the United States; Whereas students face myriad challenges every day, including peer pressure, bullying, mental health issues, the deployment of fam-ily members to serve in conflicts overseas, and school violence; Whereas a school counselor is one of the few professionals in a school building who is trained in both education and social and emotional development; Whereas the roles and responsibilities of school counselors are often misunderstood; Whereas the school counselor position is often among the first to be eliminated to meet budgetary constraints; Whereas the national average ratio of stu-dents to school counselors is 491 to 1, almost twice the 250 to 1 ratio recommended by the American School Counselor Association, the National Association for College Admission Counseling, and other organizations; and Whereas the celebration of National School Counseling Week will increase aware-ness of the important and necessary role school counselors play in the lives of stu-dents in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates February 6 through 10, 2017, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe National School Coun-seling Week with appropriate ceremonies and activities that promote awareness of the role school counselors play in schools and the community at large in preparing stu-dents for fulfilling lives as contributing members of society. f SENATE RESOLUTION 45—DESIG-NATING FEBRUARY 2017 AS ‘‘AMERICAN HEART MONTH’’ AND FEBRUARY 3, 2017, AS ‘‘NATIONAL WEAR RED DAY’’ Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 45 Whereas heart disease affects men, women, and children of every age and race in the United States; Whereas, between 2003 and 2013, the death rate from heart disease fell nearly 30 per-cent, but heart disease continues to be the leading cause of death in the United States, taking the lives of approximately 800,000 in-dividuals in the United States and account-ing for 1 in 3 deaths across the United States; Whereas congenital heart defects are the most common birth defect in the United States, as well as the leading killer of in-fants with birth defects; Whereas, each year, an estimated 790,000 individuals in the United States have a heart attack, of whom an estimated 115,000 die; Whereas cardiovascular disease and stroke account for $555,000,000,000 in health care ex-penditures and lost productivity annually; Whereas, by 2030, cardiovascular disease and stroke will account for $1,093,900,000,000 in health care expenditures and lost produc-tivity annually; Whereas individuals in the United States have made great progress in reducing the death rate for coronary heart disease, but this progress has been more modest with re-spect to the death rate for coronary heart disease for women and minorities; Whereas many people do not recognize that heart disease is the number 1 killer of women in the United States, taking the lives of 298,840 women in 2015; Whereas nearly 2⁄3of women who unexpect-edly die of heart disease have no previous symptoms of disease; Whereas nearly 
1⁄2of all African-American adults have some form of cardiovascular dis-ease, including 48 percent of African-Amer-ican women and 44 percent of African-Amer-ican men; Whereas Alaska Natives die from heart dis-ease at younger ages than individuals from other ethnic groups; Whereas it is estimated that 36 percent of Alaska Natives and American Indians who die of cardiovascular disease die before reaching 65 years of age; Whereas many minority women, including African-American, Hispanic, Asian-Amer-ican, and Native-American women and women from indigenous populations, have a greater prevalence of risk factors or are at a higher risk of death from heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases, but such women are less likely to know of the risk; Whereas, between 1965 and 2017, treatment of cardiovascular disease for women has largely been based on medical research on men; Whereas, due to the differences in heart disease between men and women, more re-search and data on the effects of heart dis-ease treatments for women is vital; Whereas extensive clinical and statistical studies have identified major and contrib-uting factors that increase the risk of heart disease, including high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, smoking tobacco products, exposure to tobacco smoke, physical inac-tivity, obesity, and diabetes mellitus; Whereas an individual can greatly reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease through lifestyle modification coupled with medical treatment when necessary; Whereas greater awareness and early de-tection of risk factors of heart disease can improve and save the lives of thousands of individuals in the United States each year; Whereas, under section 101(1) of title 36, United States Code, the President is re-quested to issue an annual proclamation des-ignating February as American Heart Month; Whereas the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health, the American Heart Association, and many other organizations celebrate National Wear Red Day during February by ‘‘going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.017 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES682 February 3, 2017 
red’’ to increase awareness about heart dis-ease as the leading killer of women; and Whereas, every year since 1964, the Presi-dent has issued a proclamation designating the month of February as American Heart Month: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates February 2017 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and February 3, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Wear Red Day’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Amer-ican Heart Month and National Wear Red Day; (3) recognizes and reaffirms the commit-ment in the United States to fighting heart disease and stroke by— (A) promoting awareness about the causes, risks, and prevention of heart disease and stroke; (B) supporting research on heart disease and stroke; and (C) expanding access to medical treatment; (4) commends the efforts of States, terri-tories and possessions of the United States, localities, nonprofit organizations, busi-nesses and other entities, and the people of the United States who support American Heart Month and National Wear Red Day; and (5) encourages every individual in the United States to learn about the risk of the individual for heart disease. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 46—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET Mr. ENZI submitted the following resolution; which was referred from the Committee on the Budget; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 46 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on the Budget (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through Feb-ruary 28, 2019, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,534,372, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $35,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $21,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $6,058,924, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $60,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $36,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c) EXPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,524,552, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $15,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 47—SUP-PORTING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF CATHOLIC SCHOOLS Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 47 Whereas Catholic schools in the United States are internationally acclaimed for their academic excellence and provide stu-dents with more than an exceptional scho-lastic education; Whereas Catholic schools instill a broad, values-added education emphasizing the life-long development of moral, intellectual, physical, and social values in young people in the United States; Whereas Catholic schools provide a high level of service to the United States by pro-viding a diverse student population from all regions of the country and all socio-eco-nomic backgrounds, with 36.4 percent of stu-dents from ethnic and racial backgrounds and 17.4 percent of whom are non-Catholic, with a strong academic and moral founda-tion; Whereas Catholic schools are an affordable option for parents, particularly in under-served urban areas; Whereas Catholic schools produce students strongly dedicated to their faith, values, families, and communities by providing an intellectually stimulating environment rich in spiritual, character, and moral develop-ment; Whereas Catholic schools are committed to community service, producing graduates who hold ‘‘helping others’’ as one of their core values; Whereas the total Catholic school student enrollment for the 2015–2016 academic year was almost 2,000,000 and the student-teacher ratio was 13.1 to 1; Whereas Catholic schools educate a diverse population: 20.3 percent racial minorities; 16.1 percent Hispanic/Latino; 17.4 percent non-Catholic; Whereas the Catholic high school gradua-tion rate is 99 percent, with 87 percent of graduates attending 4-year colleges; Whereas, in the 1972 pastoral message con-cerning Catholic education, the National Conference of Catholic Bishops stated, ‘‘Edu-cation is one of the most important ways by which the Church fulfills its commitment to the dignity of the person and building of community. Community is central to edu-cation ministry, both as a necessary condi-tion and an ardently desired goal. The edu-cational efforts of the Church, therefore, must be directed to forming persons-in-com-munity; for the education of the individual Christian is important not only to his soli-tary destiny, but also the destinies of the many communities in which he lives.’’; Whereas the week of January 29, 2017, to February 4, 2017, has been designated as Na-tional Catholic Schools Week by the Na-tional Catholic Educational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, and February 1, 2017, as National Appreciation Day for Catholic Schools; Whereas National Catholic Schools Week was first established in 1974 and has been celebrated annually for the past 43 years; Whereas, while some Catholic schools are challenged by declining enrollments and school closures, the good news is that there is a strong demand and enthusiasm for Catholic schools; Whereas 32 percent of Catholic schools have waiting lists for admission and new schools are opening across the country; and Whereas the theme for National Catholic Schools Week 2017 is Catholic Schools: Com-munities of Faith, Knowledge and Service: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of National Catholic Schools Week, an event cosponsored by the National Catholic Educational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and established to recognize the vital contributions of the thousands of Catholic elementary and secondary schools in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.013 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S683 February 3, 2017 
(2) applauds the National Catholic Edu-cational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops on their se-lection of a theme that all can celebrate; and (3) supports the continued dedication of Catholic schools, students, parents, and teachers across the United States toward academic excellence, and supports the key role they play in promoting and ensuring a brighter, stronger future for the United States. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dr. Anne Ordway, a fellow in my Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the first session of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VIETNAM WAR VETERANS RECOGNITION ACT OF 2017 Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 305, introduced earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 305) to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Viet-nam War Veterans Day. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mrs. ERNST. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 305) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 305 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DISPLAY OF FLAG ON NATIONAL VIETNAM WAR VETERANS DAY. 
Section 6(d) of title 4, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National Vietnam War Veterans Day, March 29;’’ after ‘‘third Monday in February;’’. f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 2017 Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 12 noon, Monday, February 6; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that the Senate pro-ceed to a period of morning business for leader remarks, with no motions in order, for up to 15 minutes; and fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the DeVos nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT  
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the DeVos nomination and that it stand adjourned under the previous order at 1:30 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 12 noon on Monday, February 6. Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:30 p.m., adjourned until Monday, February 6, 2017, at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069061 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE6.015 S03FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE137 February 3, 2017 
DAVID MAO, DEPUTY LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the Deputy Librarian of Congress, David Mao, who is leaving the Library of Congress after 11 years of distin-guished service to accept a position with the Georgetown University Law Center. Mr. Mao, who holds a law degree from Georgetown University and a library degree from Catholic University, began his tenure at the Library in 2005, serving for five years in the Congressional Research Service, before working in and later leading the Law Library. In 2015 Librarian of Congress Dr. James Billington appointed Mr. Mao to become Dep-uty Librarian of Congress. Later that year he succeeded Dr. Billington, serving as Acting Li-brarian of Congress for nearly a year until Dr. Carla Hayden was nominated, confirmed, and sworn-in as the current Librarian of Congress last year. As Deputy Librarian under Dr. Hay-den, Mr. Mao oversaw the U.S. Copyright Of-fice, CRS, Library Services, and the Law Li-brary within the Library of Congress. During Mr. Mao’s tenure as acting Librarian of Congress and Deputy Librarian, he has dis-tinguished himself by his steady leadership during a time of transition for the Library of Congress. Among many achievements he led efforts to improve the Library’s information technology operations, including hiring a new permanent Chief Information Officer, strength-ened the institution’s overall operations, and created a new department focusing on na-tional and international outreach. In my positions as Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Joint Committee on the Li-brary of Congress in previous terms, I have al-ways been impressed by David’s self-effacing and gracious manner, and his exceptional leadership of the world’s premier library. He is a wonderful example of a public servant. I thank him for his service to the Library of Con-gress, to the U.S. Congress, and, more broad-ly, to the American people. He will be missed on Capitol Hill. I wish him well. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF LARRY EUGENE PRATT 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize the outstanding achievements of Chief Larry Eugene Pratt. Chief Pratt is one of the most respected fire district chiefs and is retiring from the Kearney Fire and Rescue Protection District after 53 years of service. I join with the families, fellow firefighters, and citizens of the Kearney com-munity in congratulating Chief Pratt on his many years of success, contributions to the community and now his retirement. Chief Pratt began his firefighting career as a junior firefighter in 1963 while he was still in high school. Due to lack of manpower in the mid-1960s, Chief Pratt was one of approxi-mately a half dozen students who were dis-missed from Kearney High School to respond to calls during his high school career. While Chief Pratt was still a volunteer firefighter, he began a career working for Hallmark Cards for 34 years. In 1973, Chief Pratt became the As-sistant Fire Chief and a year later after com-pleting his EMT certification he was elected Fire Chief serving from 1975 through 1990. When the Kearney Fire and Rescue Protection District was created in 1990 Chief Pratt was appointed Fire Chief. In March 2001 he was hired as a career Chief. During Chief Pratt’s tenure, the call volume increased from 209 to a projected 1700 and the career positions increased from 3 to 28. With additional personnel and equipment, the ISO classification improved from a Class 8 to a Class 4 for the entire District. Chief Pratt truly believes in public service and commitment to keeping his community safe. Chief Pratt is a past president of the Mis-souri Association of Fire Chiefs 1976 through 1978, past president of the Fire Fighters Asso-ciation of Missouri 1989 through 1992, and past president of the Missouri Association of Fire Protection Districts 2011 through 2013. Chief Pratt has been a member of the Inter-national Association of Fire Chiefs and Mis-souri Valley Division of Fire Chiefs since 1978 and received his Chief Fire Officer Designation in August 2002. Chief Pratt is a charter mem-ber of St. Michael’s Knights of Columbus Council and the Kearney Rotary Club, and serves on the Board of Directors of the Kearney Area Development Council and KCB Bank. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me and the rest of the Kearney community, family and firefighters in applauding Chief Larry Eugene Pratt’s outstanding achievements and con-tributions to the community, and the State of Missouri. I wish Chief Pratt and his family the very best in years to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE TEXAS PRAYER CAUCUS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Texas Prayer Caucus and the first ‘‘Call to Prayer Day’’ that will be held Monday, February 6, 2017 on the steps of the Texas Capitol in Austin. State Director Debbie Terry, Chairman Scott Sanford and Vice Chairman Matt Krause have organized the event to bring the Texas Legis-lative Prayer Caucus into a network of 30 other states in an officially registered, mem-bers-only, bipartisan, bicameral caucus for lawmakers committed to action in prayer and the protection of religious liberties. Recognizing the role of our Creator in gov-ernment and society, the Prayer Caucus ‘‘Call to Prayer Day’’ is an admirable demonstration of the rights outlined by our country’s founding fathers in the First Amendment of our Bill of Rights ensuring the ‘‘free exercise’’ of religion and speech as well as ‘‘the right of the people to peaceably assemble.’’ I commend the Texas Prayer Caucus and their commitment to lift up our country, state and government leaders in prayer. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP MUST INVES-TIGATE VOTER SUPPRESSION IN-STEAD OF VOTER FRAUD 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in response to the recent and un-founded claims of voter fraud made by Presi-dent Trump. Throughout our nation’s history, it has been tradition for a newly inaugurated president to try and establish common ground across party lines and heal divisions to ensure that our society transitions between adminis-trations with a positive outlook. However, many of the President’s actions have been contrary to this tradition, and his obsession with voter fraud is just a senseless distraction from the real issue of voter suppression in this nation. The reality is that there is quantifiable evi-dence that voter fraud is so rare it never influ-ences the outcome of any major U.S. election. Instead of investigating these baseless claims of voter fraud, our taxpayer dollars would be better spent looking into how millions of Amer-icans were denied their constitutionally pro-tected right to vote because of modern-day voter suppression tactics, like voter ID laws, across the country. In my home state of Alabama, nearly 250,000 Alabamians who don’t have a valid voter ID, could not vote in the 2016 election. This is unconscionable and should not be al-lowed to continue. The solution to the voting issue is a simple one. We can strengthen our democracy by making it easier, not harder, to vote. We should work in a bi-partisan way, as has been our history, to restore the full protec-tions of Voting Rights Act of 1965. The nar-rative of voter fraud is a myth. However, voter suppression is a real and overly prevalent na-tional issue that must finally be addressed once and for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03FE8.001 E03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE138 February 3, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll call vote 77, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. NAOMI BASHKANSKY FOR HER PER-FORMANCE AT THE 2016 WORLD SCHOOL CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Ms. Naomi Bashkansky of Belle-vue, Washington for her victory at the 2016 World School Chess Championship. Like many other students of Olde Middle School, Naomi works every day to balance extra-curricular activities, family commitments, and school life. With the help of coaches, teachers, and family, she strives to mold her own unique identity as a student, a friend, a daughter, and a citizen. Although many aspects of Naomi’s life may be familiar to us all, there was nothing ordinary about her performance at the chess championship. Naomi’s accomplishment and strength of character are deserving of the highest level of praise. Naomi not only out-performed 400 young chess players representing 3o different countries, but she graciously represented the people of the 9th Congressional District and the United States of America. During the competition, Naomi’s path to vic-tory was not always clear; she suffered some early losses and could have easily admitted defeat, but she did no such thing. As she competed in the championship round, she bore not only the weight of her own expecta-tions, but also the burden of representing the nation. At such a young age, Naomi’s courage and determination is certainly extraordinary. I know I will continue to hear about her achieve-ments for years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I congratulate Ms. Naomi Bashkansky on a hard-earned victory and wish her the best of luck in the future. 
f 
COMMEMORATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this Feb-ruary we recognize and celebrate the 40th commemoration of Black History Month. This month we celebrate the contributions of African Americans to the history of our great nation, and pay tribute to trailblazers, pio-neers, heroes, and leaders like the 44th Presi-dent of the United States, Barack Obama; Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall; U.S. Senator Blanche Kelso Bruce; U.S. Congresswoman Barbara Jordan; U.S. Congressman Mickey Leland; Astronauts Dr. Guion Stewart Bluford, Jr. and Mae C. Jemison; activists, intellec-tuals, authors, and artists like Frederick Doug-lass, Booker T. Washington, James Baldwin, Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwendolyn Brooks just to name a few of the countless number of well- known and unsung heroes whose contribu-tions have helped our nation become a more perfect union. The history of the United States has been marked by the great contributions of African American activists, leaders, writers, and art-ists. As a member of Congress, I know that I stand on the shoulders of giants whose strug-gles and triumphs made it possible for me to stand here today and continue the fight for equality, justice, and progress for all, regard-less of race, religion, gender or sexual orienta-tion. The greatest of these giants to me are Mrs. Ivalita ‘‘Ivy’’ Jackson, a vocational nurse, and Mr. Ezra A. Jackson, one of the first African Americans to succeed in the comic book pub-lishing business. They were my beloved parents and they taught me the value of education, hard work, discipline, perseverance, and caring for others. And I am continually inspired by Dr. Elwyn Lee, my husband and the first tenured African American law professor at the University of Houston. Mr. Speaker, I particularly wish to acknowl-edge the contributions of African American veterans in defending from foreign aggressors and who by their courageous examples helped transform our nation from a segregated soci-ety to a nation committed to the never ending challenge of perfecting our union. A few years ago about this time, I was hon-ored to join my colleagues, Congressman JOHN LEWIS and Congressman C HARLES RAN-
GEL, a Korean War veteran, in paying tribute to surviving members of the Tuskegee Airmen and the 555th Parachute Infantry, the famed ‘‘Triple Nickels’’ at a moving ceremony spon-sored by the U.S. Army commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. The success of the Tuskegee Airmen in es-corting bombers during World War II—achiev-ing one of the lowest loss records of all the escort fighter groups, and being in constant demand for their services by the allied bomber units—is a record unmatched by any other fighter group. So impressive and astounding were the feats of the Tuskegee Airmen that in 1948, it helped persuade President Harry Truman to issue his famous Executive Order No. 9981, which directed equality of treatment and op-portunity in all of the United States Armed Forces and led to the end of racial segrega-tion in the U.S. military forces. It is a source of enormous and enduring pride that my father-in-law, Phillip Ferguson Lee, was one of the Tuskegee Airmen. Clearly, what began as an experiment to de-termine whether ‘‘colored’’ soldiers were capa-ble of operating expensive and complex com-bat aircraft ended as an unqualified success based on the experience of the Tuskegee Air-men, whose record included 261 aircraft de-stroyed, 148 aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties and 1,578 missions over Italy and North Africa. They also destroyed or damaged over 950 units of ground transportation and escorted more than 200 bombing missions. They proved that ‘‘the antidote to racism is excel-lence in performance,’’ as retired Lt. Col. Her-bert Carter once remarked. Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is also a time to remember many pioneering women like U.S. Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm; activists Harriet Tubman and Rosa Parks; as-tronaut Mae C. Jemison; mathematicians like Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson; authors Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwendolyn Brooks; all of whom have each in their own way, whether through courageous activism, cultural or intellectual contributions, or artistic creativity, forged social and political change, and forever changed our great Nation for the better. It is also fitting, Mr. Speaker, that in addition to those national leaders whose contributions have made our nation better, we honor also those who have and are making a difference in their local communities. In my home city of Houston, there are nu-merous great men and women. They are great because they have heeded the counsel of Dr. King who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ By that measure, I wish to pay tribute to some of the great men and women of Hous-ton: 1. Rev. F.N. Williams, Sr. 2. Rev. Dr. S.J. Gilbert, Sr. 3. Rev. Crawford W. Kimble 4. Rev. Eldridge Stanley Branch 5. Rev. William A. Lawson 6. Rev. Johnnie Jeffery ‘‘J.J.’’ Robeson 7. Mr. John Brand 8. Ms. Ruby Moseley 9. Ms. Dorothy Hubbard 10. Ms. Doris Hubbard 11. Ms. Willie Bell Boone 12. Ms. Holly HogoBrooks 13. Mr. Deloyd Parker 14. Ms. Lenora ‘‘Doll’’ Carter As we celebrate Black History Month, let us pay tribute to those who have come before us, and pay forward to future generations by ad-dressing what is the number one issue for Af-rican American families, and all American fam-ilies today: preserving the American promise of economic opportunity for all. Our immediate focus must be job creation, and enacting legislation that will foster and lay the foundation for today’s and tomorrow’s gen-eration of groundbreaking activists, leaders, scientists, writers and artists to continue con-tributing to the greatness of America. We must continue to preserve the American Dream for all. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here in celebration of the heroic and historic acts of African Americans and their indispensable contributions to this great Nation. It is through our work in creating possibilities for today and future generations that we best honor the accomplishments and legacy of our predecessors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03FE8.001 E03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE139 February 3, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I missed roll call no. 77 on February 2, 2017 due to an unscheduled constituent meeting off the House Floor that unexpectedly ran long. Had I been present for the roll call, I would have voted ‘‘NO’’. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE RETURN TO PRUDENT BANKING ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the nine-year anniversary of the greatest fi-nancial crisis in a generation. This economic disaster nearly caused the destruction of our country’s entire financial infrastructure and led to what we call now the Great Recession. However, during the last nine years Wall Street Banks have succeeded and in the proc-ess have caused the financial failure of mil-lions of Americans. JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have all reported record profits during the recession. Wall Street in the last nine years has regained ALL of its pre-crisis wealth with interest, while Main Street has yet to see a real recovery. During the 1990’s, Wall Street’s biggest banks and speculation houses concocted a fraudulent and greedy scheme to create false money. Then, in 2008, their crime exploded, nearly destroying capitalism. Their reckless-ness was so extreme it wiped out the net worth of 44 percent of Hispanic American households, 33 percent of African American households, and 11 percent of Caucasian households, respectively. This was a taking of historic dimension never reimbursed to this day. It sucked out the wealth from millions of American families. It’s time for Congress to ensure that these failures in our banking system are never repeated. That is why I have reintroduced the Return to Prudent Banking Act. To build on the mo-mentum and the movement to reinstate Glass- Steagall. Since last summer, fifteen state legislatures introduced resolutions calling for Congress to reinstate Glass Steagall. Democrats and Re-publicans have memorialized support for Glass-Steagall in their respective political plat-forms. Even President Trump has declared his support for a new Glass-Steagall law and we are obligated to work with him to do just that. I was proud to join with 57 members of the House who several years ago voted against the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the bill that over-turned Glass Steagall. As the anti-regulation movement won the day, that law was a clear signal that Wall Street was in charge. Banks grew larger and riskier, and American tax-payers were given the bill when the deregu-lated financial sector fell apart. This is a reality that has sunk its teeth deep into the flesh of our Republic, influencing more and more who is elevated to office. Mr. Speaker, these banks have to be defanged. Restoring Glass Steagall is a first step among other items, like a campaign fi-nance reform, better trade deals, and better deals for American workers. f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDY HOOPES 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Judith H. Hoopes, of Greenville, Delaware, a lifelong Delawarean and an invaluable member of our community. A 1960 graduate of Duke University, her college major in history led to her long-time in-volvement with the Delaware Historical Soci-ety. She was involved in many state arts orga-nizations, including her appointment as Chair of the Delaware State Arts Council by then- Governor Pete duPont. Dedicated to her com-munity, Judy was a valuable asset to the nu-merous non-profits in Delaware she lent her support. She was a founding board member and past Chair of the Delaware Community Foundation, was the first woman to Chair the YMCA board, a founder of the Fund for Women, and a longtime Woodlawn Trustee. For these and many other contributions Judy received the Lifetime Achievement in Philan-thropy Award from the Association of Fund-raising Professionals. Judy and her late husband Robert were married for 53 years. Their family was the focus of their lives, and their wonderful chil-dren and grandchildren are a testament to their good work. I am honored to call their daughter, Stephanie, and son, Robert Jr., friends. Their commitment to community and love of Delaware will surely carry on their mother’s spirit. My sympathy goes out to Stephanie, Robert and his wife Hilary, Judy’s five grandchildren James, Elizabeth, Penel-ope, Riter, and Charlotte, as well as their ex-tended family and Judy’s many friends. We are deeply saddened by the loss of Judy, and I want to express my deep gratitude for her dedication and service to her commu-nity, and the state of Delaware. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL MINASIAN 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life and the passing of a special person from Montebello, California. Mr. Michael Minasian was an irre-placeable member of the Armenian-American community, who was born to survivors of the Armenian genocide in 1931. Mr. Minasian’s success wasn’t handed to him; for five years he and his family lived in a camp for displaced persons after World War II. When Mr. Minasian and his family immigrated to the United States, he attended night school to learn English while helping his parents support the family. From 1953 to 1955, Mr. Minasian served in the U.S. Armed Forces in West Germany, and became a citizen in 1954. He returned to the Los Angeles area where he produced the bi-lingual ‘‘Armenian Radio Hour’’ and put his en-trepreneurial spirit to work, first through own-ing the International Music Center in East Los Angeles, and later by building a successful in-surance agency. More recently, Mr. Minasian reinvented himself as a land developer, build-ing tracts of single family homes. Through his businesses, Mr. Minasian helped develop the City of Montebello and much of Eastern Los Angeles County bears his mark. Mr. Minasian’s contributions to the economy of our community were rivaled only by his civic leadership. A champion of the Armenian- American community, he spearheaded efforts to build the Armenian Genocide Martyrs Monument, which towers over Montebello’s Bicknell Park. As founder of the Armenian As-sembly, he paid his success forward to young Armenians by creating a Washington, DC in-ternship placement program. Mr. Minasian has even made a difference right here in the United States Congress, where he success-fully led the fight for passage of Armenian- genocide resolutions in 1975, 1984, and 1985. Countless organizations in Montebello have benefitted from Mr. Minasian’s leadership. He served as President of the Montebello Junior Chamber of Commerce and Chairman of the Montebello Citizens Advisory Committee on Park Planning and Design. He has also served on the boards of directors of the Montebello Chamber of Commerce and the Armenian Educational Foundation. His con-tributions to the Armenian Revolutionary Fed-eration, the Montebello American Legion, and as Human Services Commissioner for the City of Montebello will not be forgotten. Mr. Minasian’s life embodies the spirit of our hardworking immigrant community. His legacy will serve as a shining example, not only to the Armenian-American community but for all future generations, of the difference that one man or woman can make in his or her com-munity. I hope my colleagues will join me in sending my condolences to his widow, Lydia, and their four children and six grandchildren. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RON RUBIN 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ron Rubin on being an honoree at the National Museum of Amer-ican Jewish History’s Only in America Gala. This honor seeks to recognize those individ-uals who have greatly helped in the develop-ment of the Museum and for service to the business, cultural, and philanthropic commu-nities. His contributions to our community have been recognized by many, and I am grateful for his work for the people of Philadelphia. Ron’s career began in the 1950s when he joined his father’s small real estate firm. Throughout his career, Ron has worked to guide growth for major development in office buildings, retail centers, and malls up and down the East Coast. Ron’s work helped make the Rubin Organization one of the larg-est real estate companies in the United States. After the Rubin Organization was ac-quired by the Pennsylvania Real Estate In-vestment Trust (PREIT), Ron served as CEO 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03FE8.004 E03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE140 February 3, 2017 
of PREIT and was recently appointed Chair-man of the Board of Trustees. In the 1990s, Ron helped to revitalize the Center City Business District by helping de-velop the Center City District business-im-provement group. He has worked closely with many Philadelphia organizations including PECO Energy, the Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, the Kimmel Center, and the Jewish Federation of Greater Philadel-phia. As the co-chair of the Board of Trustees of the National Museum of American Jewish History, Ron helped oversee the expansion of the Museum to its current location on Inde-pendence Mall. Ron’s hard work and dedication to improv-ing Philadelphia embodies the Museum’s motto of ‘‘Dream, Dare, Do.’’ In recognition of his years of service to Philadelphia, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues rise to congratulate him on this honor. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF PUTTING OUR VETERANS BACK TO WORK ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Putting Our Veterans Back to Work Act, a bill I introduced earlier today to help vet-erans gain skills for good paying jobs by reau-thorizing the Veterans Retraining Assistance Program (VRAP). The VRAP program, signed into law in 2011 and expired in March 2014, provided training for education that led to high demand occupations, including management, business and financial operations, protective service, construction and transportation among other careers. In the two years of the imple-mentation of VRAP, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs approved over 126,000 applica-tions, of which, 76,000 veterans enrolled in a training program. The Putting Our Veterans Back to Work Act extends the authority of the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs (VA) to provide rehabilitation and vocational benefits to members of the Armed Services with severe injuries or illnesses, ex-tends rehabilitation programs for persons who have exhausted their rights to unemployment benefits under state law and reauthorizes col-laborative veterans’ training, mentoring and placement programs. This legislation builds on our vow to hire our nation’s heroes by directing the Secretary of the VA to establish a Federal web-based em-ployment portal containing information on Fed-eral programs and activities concerning em-ployment, unemployment and training pro-grams that are geared towards veterans. This legislation also directs the Secretary of Home-land Security and the Attorney General to award grants to hire veterans as firefighters and law enforcement officers. Finally, the Put-ting Our Veterans Back to Work Act directs the heads of executive agencies to consider favorably as an evaluation factor for civilian and defense contracts at or above $25 million, a prospective contractor with a workforce of at least 5 percent veterans. The men and women who signed up to de-fend America and our values, whether they served during Vietnam or more recently in Iraq or Afghanistan, are owed our gratitude and our promise to support them as they transition to civilian life. I urge my colleagues to pass the Putting Our Veterans Back to Work Act to ensure that our heroes are afforded meaning-ful employment opportunities. This is a prom-ise that we must keep. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DREAM-ERS, IMMIGRANTS, AND REFU-GEES (DIRE) LEGAL AID ACT 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, today, I am in-troducing the DREAMers, Immigrants, and Refugees (DIRe) Act. This legislation will pro-vide funds for legal services to protect DREAMers, immigrants, and refugees from President Trump’s Executive Order. Last week, I held an immigration town hall. Scores of my constituents attended because they were afraid for their families and commu-nities. This was before the Executive Order was released. When I was at the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) on Saturday, I saw this fear escalate. Immigrants and refugees were unjustifiably detained and denied access to counsel at airports across our country. President Trump’s Executive Order directly challenges the right to due process, which is guaranteed under our Constitution. My legisla-tion will guarantee that DREAMers, immi-grants, and refugees have access to legal aid. I am deeply concerned about the actions taken by the Trump Administration. The refu-gees that have been granted status by the U.S. Government undergo an intensive secu-rity screening process that takes an average of 18 to 24 months. The security screening is performed by multiple federal agencies, includ-ing the National Counterterrorism Center, the FBI Terrorist Screening Center, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, the State Depart-ment, and the Department of Defense. The security screening that refugees undergo is the most intensive of any individual entering the United States. It is sad that the Trump Administration would detain individuals, who fear for their lives in their home countries and seek refuge in the United States, with the intent to deport them back into harm’s way. These actions are a misrepresentation of our American values. Our country has always stood up for the op-pressed and welcomed the persecuted. It is un-American to turn our backs on those that need our help the most. If we wish to remain a beacon of freedom to the world, we must stand up for the immi-grants and refugees looking towards the United States for hope. We cannot just claim we are the greatest nation in the world. We actually have to act like it too. IN RECOGNITION OF THE WOMEN IN DATA SCIENCE CONFERENCE AND THE PARTICIPANTS FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Women in Data Science Con-ference (WiDS) and the Michigan In Data Science professors and scholars who are par-ticipating in this forum. WiDS plays an impor-tant role in bringing together world-class re-searchers to share cutting edge findings and best practices. The Women in Data Science conference is a Stanford University-affiliated technical con-ference that brings together the latest data science techniques and findings across a vari-ety of disciplines. The conference features ex-clusively women speakers and includes seven distinguished scholars from the University of Michigan from its College of Engineering and School of Information. Their research covers a variety of fields including healthcare, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Additionally, it includes a poster session to showcase cur-rent student and faculty research as well as a livestream featuring industry and academic leaders at Stanford University. Data science is a new field that has the po-tential to revolutionize our understanding of a variety of disciplines, and forums like WiDS play a critical role driving advances by facili-tating knowledge transfer between top schol-ars and industry researchers. It is inspiring to see women from the University of Michigan leading the way in publishing groundbreaking discoveries that further our understanding of critical areas like healthcare, communications and statistical analysis. The real-world impact of this research underscores the importance of the work being showcased, and it is my hope that the University of Michigan continues to be a leader in this field. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the University of Michigan re-searchers and other participants in the Women in Data Science Conference. The in-novative research and support for women help inspire and educate individuals about the im-portant work being done on data science across the country. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FARM REGULATORY CERTAINTY ACT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my legislation, the Farm Regu-latory Certainty Act. In 2015, a federal judge ruled in a citizen suit that dissolved manure ni-trates constitute a ‘‘solid waste’’ under the Re-source Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA). Four dairies in Washington State that were proactively working with the EPA to ad-dress nutrient management issues at their dairies were held culpable of ‘‘open dumping’’ by a federal judge. A farmer myself, I firmly believe farmers have and must continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03FE8.008 E03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE141 February 3, 2017 
lead the charge on good stewardship and con-servation, which this ruling undermined. While there are a number of statutes that do govern agricultural nutrient management practices, Congress never intended for RCRA to be one of those statutes. In fact, the EPA’s own regu-lations promulgated back in the 1970s agree that agricultural wastes, such as manures and fertilizer, were not intended to be governed under this law. This misguided ruling has placed farmers across the country in a legal uncertainty. It is incomprehensible that Con-gress and EPA intended that agricultural nutri-ents be exempt from this law, and then have a court find farmers at fault for non-compli-ance with the very law they are exempt from. Farmers need to know with certainty to what rules apply to them. The legislation I introduce today would clar-ify and reaffirm that RCRA was not intended to govern agricultural nutrient management ac-tivities. Moreover, if a farmer is already en-gaged in legal action and is diligently working with the state or federal regulators to address nutrient management issues, then they would be preempted from citizen suits under this bill. We want to continue to encourage farmers to be good, proactive stewards, and create an climate where farmers can feel comfortable working with regulators to address steward-ship issues—not have farmers fear that docu-ments they provide to regulators will be ac-quired by third-parties and used against them in ‘‘double-jeopardy’’-like lawsuits. This com-monsense legislation will clarify Congress’ in-tent on this statute, and work to restore a rela-tionship of trust and confidence between farm-ers and regulators. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES J. SPINELLO 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to include in the R
ECORD some inadequate yet heartfelt words to celebrate the life and mourn the loss of James J. Spinello. Jim was my dear friend, respected colleague, and trusted confidant. We met in 1988 when he was a Young Turk in the Nevada Assembly. Along with his friends, Matt Callister, Gene Porter, and Wendell Williams, he was a legislator with a mission. As members of the Marvin Sedway/ Gary Gray posse of talented young idealists, they set out to change the world—and indeed they have made Nevada a better place, each in his own way. As an Assemblyman, Jim served as Chair of the Education Committee where he led the fight for class size reduction and as Vice Chair of the powerful Ways and Means Committee where he championed more funding for mental health. He was the serious, scholarly one of the bunch who had the compassion, knowl-edge, and work ethic to get things done. After two terms he went on to manage Ne-vada’s state workers compensation system. He joined the administrative team at Clark County in 1997 for several years before be-coming an integral player at R&R. Partners where he served as director of local govern-ment affairs. He loved his R&R family, espe-cially Billy Vassiliadis, who was there for him in the most generous ways until the very end. Meanwhile, he taught classes part time at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and the College of Southern Nevada, which he thor-oughly enjoyed. He was a natural teacher and role model who entertained, educated, and in-spired. He brought his practical experience as well as his academic training and a vast wealth of information to the classroom. Throughout all this time, Jim remained a wonderful friend, a man I trusted totally, which is a rare thing in politics today. We shared a Mediterranean temperament—mine Greek and his Sicilian. Boy, was he Sicilian. He had black curly hair and a beautiful singing voice (we called him Spinatra). He loved red wine and pasta, and loyalty was very important to him. Jim enjoyed traveling, especially with his be-loved daughters, Lilly and Chessa. He traveled to Sicily with his girls to visit his mother’s vil-lage and found some slightly suspect cousins along the way. Everything he did, he did with their futures in mind. He was very proud of them and spoke of them often. At the Sicilian wake following his service, there was con-sensus among those who had known Jim for a long time that he was, simply put, a really good guy—in the very best sense of the words. Billy V. noted that his legacy is in his girls and the many young people he taught in class and in the work place. Dick Cooper com-mented on how ethical he was: He just couldn’t not tell the truth. Another legislative colleague, Ernie Alder, said Jim was polite enough to laugh at his jokes. And Tom War-den and Marc Hechter, who had been with Jim every day those last weeks, recalled when Jim had selflessly been there for them in try-ing times. Matt called him a true friend and Chris Giunchigliani remarked on his amazing strength of character and spirit. Tears were shed. Stories were told. Memo-ries were bittersweet. He was a wonderful per-son to work with, to have a martini with, to stay out of or be in trouble with. He was loyal to me and I will always try to be loyal, in words and deeds, to his memory. The Spinner set a high bar. His passing is Nevada’s loss. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as our nation celebrates National Catholic Schools Week, I rise to recognize the lasting contribu-tions of Catholic education in my South Florida community. Marian Center School and Services, Arch-bishop Edward McCarthy High School, Car-dinal Gibbons High School, St. Thomas Aqui-nas High School, Archbishop Coleman F. Car-roll High School, Archbishop Curley-Notre Dame High School, Immaculata-LaSalle High School, Monsignor Edward Pace High School, Our Lady of Lourdes Academy, St. Brendan High School, Archdiocese of Miami Virtual Catholic School, St. John Vianney Seminary, Belen Jesuit Preparatory, Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart, Chaminade-Madonna Col-lege Preparatory, Christopher Columbus High School, and Archbishop Curley Notre Dame are just a few of the Catholic institutions serv-ing my district. These schools do more than provide their students with an excellent education. Each one of them is also dedicated to instill-ing a religious grounding, academic excel-lence, and moral values in their students so that they can dedicate their lives to serve God, their families, and their community. Congratulations to the teachers, administra-tors, and staff at our fantastic Catholic schools. Thank you for your dedication to building a brighter future for South Florida. f 
HONORING S. JEROME FELDMAN 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 3, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Pennsylvanian, Mr. S. Jerome Feldman. A well-respected and greatly admired member of our community, Mr. Feldman is celebrating his 85th birthday today, February 3rd. I have known Jerome and his wife Helene for many years and have always found them to be extraordinarily kind-hearted and wholly selfless people. His lifetime of charitable work and his dedication to peace and our national security is without peer. Jerome served our country with honor as a member of the United States Navy during the Korean War. Well-liked among his peers in the Navy, his bravery and commitment earned him the respect of every-one who served with him as well as the undy-ing gratitude of our nation. Mr. Feldman continues his advocacy for peace and security through his support of our closest ally, the State of Israel. He is also an active member of Philadelphia’s Jewish com-munity, one of our nation’s oldest and most vi-brant Jewish communities. More than anything, Jerome is a family man, a neighbor and a friend to many, includ-ing me. He is the sort of man that Pennsyl-vania is proud to call a native son, and I am equally proud to call Jerome a friend. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring S. Jerome Feldman on the occasion of his 85th birthday on February 3rd of this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03FE8.012 E03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
D109 Friday, February 3, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S663–S683 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and six resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 298–305, S.J. Res. 20–21, and S. Res. 44–47.
                  Pages S679–80 
Measures Reported: S. Res. 46, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on the Budget.
                                               Page S679 
Measures Passed: SEC Resource Extraction Resolution of Dis-approval: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 51), Sen-ate passed H.J. Res. 41, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Ex-change Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Pay-ments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’.
   Pages S663–64 
National Vietnam War Veterans Day: Senate passed S. 305, to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Vietnam War Veterans Day. 
                                                                                              Page S683 
DeVos Nomination—Cloture: Senate resumed con-sideration of the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education. 
                                                                                      Pages S664–78 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 52), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.                                                                    Page S664 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 12:15 p.m., on Mon-day, February 6, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination.
                                                      Page S683 
Messages from the House:                           Pages S678–79 
Executive Communications:                               Page S679 
Petitions and Memorials:                                      Page S679 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S680 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S680–83 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S683 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—52)
                                                             Pages S663–64 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 6:30 a.m. and adjourned at 1:30 p.m., until 12 noon on Monday, February 6, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S683.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-lic bills, H.R. 843–870; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 62–63; and H. Res. 86–90 were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H975–77 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H978 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.                    Pages H949, H958 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management re-lating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’: The House passed H.J. Res. 36, providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03FE7.REC D03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD110 February 3, 2017 
States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Produc-tion Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conserva-tion’’, by a yea-and-nay vote of 221 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 78.
                                              Pages H951–58 
H. Res. 74, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolutions (H.J. Res. 36) and (H.J. Res. 37) was agreed to yesterday, February 2nd. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, February 6th.
             Page H962 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H949. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H958. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:36 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Finance: organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, subcommittee assignments, designation of members to serve on the Joint Committee on Taxation, designation of members to serve as Congres-sional Trade Advisors on Trade Policy and Negotiations, to open Executive Session transcripts from 1985–2007, and an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 115th Congress, Time to be an-nounced, Room to be announced. 
House 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Priorities of the House Officers and Legislative Branch Entities for FY 2018 and Beyond’’, 5 p.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.J. Res. 44, disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Manage-ment regulations that establish the procedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976; H.J. Res. 57, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Education relating to ac-countability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and H.J. Res. 58, pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of February 6 through February 10, 2017 Senate Chamber On Monday, at approximately 12:15 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education. Also, cloture has been filed on the nominations of Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, to be Attorney General, Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: February 7, to receive a closed briefing on cyber threats, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. February 8, Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support, to hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. February 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the situation in Afghanistan, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb- ruary 8, to hold hearings to examine Inspector General recommendations for improving Federal agencies, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 8, to hold an oversight hearing to examine modernizing our nation’s infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: February 6, organizational busi-ness meeting to consider committee rules, subcommittee assignments, designation of members to serve on the Joint Committee on Taxation, designation of members to serve as Congressional Trade Advisors on Trade Policy and Negotiations, to open Executive Session transcripts from 1985–2007, and an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 115th Con-gress, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Foreign Relations: February 7, to hold hear-ings to examine the plan to defeat ISIS, focusing on key decisions and considerations, 10 a.m., SD–419. February 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the United States, the Russian Federation, and the challenges ahead, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03FE7.REC D03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D111 February 3, 2017 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: February 9, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management, to hold hearings to examine empow-ering managers, focusing on ideas for a more effective Federal workforce, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: February 8, to hold an oversight hearing to examine emergency management in Indian Country, focusing on improving the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Federal-tribal relationship with Indian tribes, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: February 9, organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, and S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: February 7, business meeting to consider the nomination of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Select Committee on Intelligence: February 7, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. February 9, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, February 7, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Military’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 7, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Emerging National Secu-rity Challenges, Threats, and Opportunities: Key Issues for the 115th Congress and the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, February 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges and Oppor-tunities in Higher Education’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, February 7, Full Com-mittee, business meeting to consider the committee’s au-thorization and oversight plan for the 115th Congress, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, February 7, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering the North Korean Threat: New Steps in U.S. Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on Homeland Security, February 7, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ending the Crisis: America’s Borders and the Path to Security’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, February 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Priorities of the House Of-ficers and Legislative Branch Entities for FY 2018 and Beyond’’ (continued), 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. February 7, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 634, the ‘‘Election Assistance Commission Termination Act’’; H.R. 133, to reduce Federal spending and the deficit by termi-nating taxpayer financing of Presidential election cam-paigns; and a committee resolution regarding views and estimates for FY2018, 12 p.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, February 7, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 732, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, February 7, Full Com-mittee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 11 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, February 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Accomplishing Postal Reform in the 115th Congress—H.R. 756, the Postal Service Reform Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Rules, February 7, Full Committee, hear-ing on H.R. 428, the ‘‘Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act’’; H.J. Res. 42, disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug test-ing of unemployment compensation applicants, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, February 7, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. February 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Making EPA Great Again’’, 11 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, February 7, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the VA IT Landscape: Progress and Challenges’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, February 7, Sub-committee on Social Security, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. February 7, Subcommittee on Social Security; and Sub-committee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Social Security Administration’s Representative Payee Program: Determining Who Needs Help’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03FE7.REC D03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD112 February 3, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Monday, February 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 15 minutes), Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, February 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E139 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E139, E141 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E137 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E140 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E140 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E140 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E138 Graves, Sam, Mo., E137 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E137 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E138 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E139 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E140 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E141 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E139 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E137 Smith, Adam, Wash., E138 Titus, Dina, Nev., E141 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E139 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Feb 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03FE7.REC D03FEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST