Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-cans aren’t asking for much: the abil-ity to put in an honest day’s work and provide for your family’s basic needs; the chance to wake up in the morning without facing a series of impossible choices—food or medication, mortgage or car repair, a bus pass or school sup-plies. In other words, the basic economic dignity that every single person in this country deserves. The Trump administration claims that their budget is about dignity. Here is what this budget doesn’t under-stand: dignity can be threatened by something beyond your control, by dis-ability, by job loss, by illness, by acci-dent, by automation, by a government that shames you for needing a little help when you are dealt a tough hand, by the pain of having to send your kid to school knowing that he is not going to have the lunch money that he needs. Countless American families battle these daily heartbreaks and small in-justices with their heads held high. For those families, this budget doesn’t see them for their dignity, but views them with disgrace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OMMEGANG AND ROSCOE BEER COMPANIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO) for 5 minutes. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate two local businesses, craft breweries, within the 19th Con-gressional District in New York State. These two local breweries, Brewery Ommegang, located in Cooperstown, New York, and Roscoe Beer Company, located in Sullivan County, New York, tied for first place in the Taste of New York Inaugural Craft Beer Challenge in Manhattan. This competition was held on May 17 and was announced then in New York City. Seventy breweries from across the State participated in the Craft Beer Challenge. Beers were selected by such foodie favorites like Chef Mario Batali and many other notables in the New York food business. New York has clearly established itself, as has the 19th Congressional District, as a craft beer destination. We are especially proud of our local upstate craft breweries, which support our local economy, jobs, farms, and tourism. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to an-nounce and to congratulate these two fine establishments within the 19th Congressional District. 
HONORING CHRIS GIBSON  
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased today to congratulate my pred-ecessor in Congress, Congressman Chris Gibson, for his wonderful service to our country and to Congress. Chris will soon be honored by the Co-lumbia County Association in the city of New York as man of the year. I have known Chris for over 30 years, and I am blessed to call him and his family my neighbors in the Village of Kinderhook, where we both live. He was truly a great Congressman and an all-around leader to upstate New York in so many ways. He exem-plifies service in its many forms. Chris is a proud patriot. He served 24 years in the United States Army, rising to the rank of colonel. He is a highly deco-rated veteran who received not only the Bronze Star, but the Purple Heart during his combat deployments. He was deployed seven times, includ-ing four combat tours in Iraq. He made great sacrifices, as did his family, and he fought for our freedom. As a United States Congressman, he continued to fight for the citizens of upstate New York. He served three terms in the 19th Congressional District, fulfilling his pledge to self-imposed term limits. His legislative priorities were na-tional security, our veteran commu-nity, and combating Lyme disease. He always had his fellow citizens’ best in-terests at heart. Chris Gibson was also a scholar. He graduated from Siena College in Loudonville, New York, where he earned his ROTC commission. He went on to receive not one, but two master’s degrees, plus a Ph.D. in government from Cornell University. He was an as-sistant professor for 3 years teaching cadets at West Point at the United States Military Academy. Today he continues his love of teaching at Wil-liams College as a Visiting Professor of Leadership Studies. I am proud to call Chris Gibson my friend and colleague, and it is clear to anyone who knows him that he will be successful in all of his pursuits. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor former Congressman Christopher P. Gibson. I have known Chris for over 30 years, and I am blessed to call him, his wife, Mary Jo, and their three amazing children, my neighbors in the town of Kinderhook. Chris was truly a great Congressman and an all-around leader to Upstate New York. He has exemplified service in many forms. Chris is a proud patriot. He served 24 years in the US Army, rising to the rank of Colonel. A highly decorated veteran, he was deployed seven times, including four combat tours in Iraq. He made great sacrifices, was injured in the line of duty, and fought for our freedom. As a US Representative, he continued to fight diligently for the citizens of Upstate New York. Chris served three terms representing New York’s 19th District, fulfilling his pledge to self-impose term limits. Among many legisla-tive priorities, Chris acted to protect our na-tional security, veterans, and those who suffer from Lyme Disease. Without question, he has always held his fellow citizens’ best interests at heart. Chris Gibson is also a scholar. He grad-uated from Siena college, where he achieved his ROTC Commission, and he went on to re-ceive two Masters Degrees and a PhD from Cornell University. At West Point, Chris taught cadets for three years as an Assistant Pro-fessor. Today, he continues his love for teach-ing and sharing his experience in his role as the Visiting Professor of Leadership Studies at Williams College. I am proud to call Chris Gibson my friend and colleague, and it is clear to anyone who knows him that he will be successful in all his pursuits. f 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE AND APPRECIATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to express gratitude and ap-preciation to the many who have called. I rise to thank people for the kindness that they have shown. I rise to express my most deepest heartfelt appreciation for those who have had the courage to stand up to hatred, to stand up to bigotry. I rise, Mr. Speak-er, to say thank you. I want to especially thank those who are in leadership. I especially want to thank two persons: Representative C
LYBURN and Representative B ENNIE  T
HOMPSON . They both called me to ex-press concern and to give me advice as to how to proceed. For those who may not know, some very ugly things have been said, but they are not in any way comparable to the many kind words that have been expressed. So thank you to all on behalf of my staff, many of whom are young people who are having this as their first expe-rience with Congress. Thank you on their behalf. Mr. Speaker, I also want to explain why some of these ugly things are oc-curring, and the best way to do it, in my opinion, would be to use the words of J. Patrick Kinney. J. Patrick Kinney has written a poem styled ‘‘The Cold Within,’’ and this poem speaks to the extreme cupidity in our world—not stupidity, cupidity. It speaks to the ex-treme religiosity. It speaks to the ex-treme prejudice that some have to en-dure. It speaks to the extreme wealth and the abuse of it. J. Patrick Kinney talks about a cold night, possibly the coldest night ever on the planet Earth. These are his words: 
Six humans trapped by happenstance In bleak and bitter cold. Each one possessed a stick of wood Or so the story is told. Their dying fire in need of logs The first man held his back For of the faces ’round the fire He noticed one was Black. The next man looking ’cross the way Saw one not of his church And he couldn’t bring himself to give The fire his stick of birch. The third one sat in tattered clothes. He gave his coat a hitch. Why should his stick be put to use To warm the idle rich? The rich man just sat back and thought Of the wealth he had in store And how to keep what he had earned From the lazy shiftless poor. The Black man’s face bespoke revenge As the fire passed from his sight. For all he saw in his stick of wood Was a chance to spite the White. The last man of this forlorn group 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.003 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4429 May 23, 2017 
Did nought except for gain. Giving only to those who gave Was how he played the game. Their logs held tight in death’s still hands Was proof of human sin. They didn’t die from the cold without They died from the cold within. f 
b1015 STOP GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise because 3 short years ago, the Isla Vista community in my district was rocked by an act of tragic and senseless gun violence. A young man took the lives of 6 UCSB students and injured 14 others. That day families were torn apart by a kind of grief that no one should have to ever experience— the loss of a child. The tragedy in Isla Vista we remem-ber today is once again a reminder of the consequences of inaction by Con-gress regarding the epidemic of gun vi-olence across our Nation. Far too often there are many red flags of someone in-tending to do harm, but no one can connect the dots. Today I introduced legislation, with my colleagues Congresswoman E
STY and Congressman B
EYER , that will allow families and loved ones who see disturbing warning signs the ability to work with law enforcement and the courts so that they may intervene and better prevent acts of violence. States like California and Con-necticut have led the way on important measures to combat gun violence. This bill would encourage other States to adopt these proven preventative meas-ures. The Gun Violence Restraining Order Act would help ensure that fam-ily members can go to court to seek a gun violence prevention order to tem-porarily stop someone who poses a threat to themselves or others from purchasing or possessing a gun. When someone alerts law enforce-ment and members of their own family that they wish to do harm to them-selves or members of the community, as was the case in Isla Vista, it is irre-sponsible of lawmakers not to give judges and police the ability to inter-vene. I urge my colleagues to act and pass this commonsense legislation so that not one more family must live through the nightmare that parents experi-enced in Isla Vista on March 23, 2014. 
f 
SERVICE TO COUNTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about na-tional service. I am delighted, as you can see from these posters, to be stand-ing next to President Kennedy and General McChrystal. Many of you may know that this Monday, Memorial Day, May 29, would be the 100th birthday of John Fitz-gerald Kennedy. What better way to re-member his legacy than by a call to na-tional service, a call that has been echoed by General McChrystal as well. I love the headline that says: You don’t have to wear a military uniform to serve your country. President Kennedy came up with the idea of the Peace Corps at a time when we faced nuclear threats and rising concern of proliferation of nuclear arms; at a time when Russia, as it still is today, was a very strong enemy of the United States. President Kennedy felt that the United States needed to put their best face on for the rest of the world, so he established a Peace Corps and sent the brightest and best all across the globe so that they could represent the values of this great coun-try of ours. What better way to do that than through serving your country, by making sure you are not asking what your country can do for you but what you, in fact, can do for your country. We are proposing a concept called ACTION for National Service, action so that we can encourage people through-out the country to participate in vol-untary service. Whether you serve in the military voluntarily, the Guard or the National Reserve, or whether it is the Peace Corps, AmeriCorps VISTA, or you are part of the Corporation for National and Community Service and one of the many agencies that work to provide a better world both here at home and abroad. Our goal is very simple and direct. We want to make sure, as General McChrystal has outlined, that by 2026, which would be the 250th birthday of this Nation, that we have a million vol-unteers annually who are coming in to service. We will provide an incentive for people to do so, very clear and sim-ple: If you serve your country, we will help you get through college. If you have been through college and you want to serve your country, if you serve your Nation, we will forgive your college debt. We know that, in attracting a mil-lion people to public service, we can do great good across the globe. We want to make sure that we raise the Cor-poration for National and Community Service to a Cabinet-level position within the White House. We want to encourage people. More than 400,000 millennials were turned away from serving their country last year. Less than 1 percent of the Nation, including all of our military and the Peace Corps and AmeriCorps VISTA combined, ac-count for less than 1 percent of the Na-tion. How can a nation long survive with a population of 330 million people and less than 1 percent of its country-men serving this great Nation of ours? This is a national crisis. At a time when we have to make sure that we are encouraging and nurturing our great democracy, we need our citizens to be-come more involved. That is why, on Thursday of this week, we are going to be rolling out a bill that will do just that and do so in a manner that will elevate the Corporation for National and Community Service to a Cabinet- level position, create the goal of estab-lishing a million volunteers annually by 2026, incentivizing them to serve so that if you serve your country, we will forgive your debt; or if you serve your country, we will help you go to college or get the kind of training that you need to be a participant while also gaining the knowledge and expertise and the values that come from commu-nity service. Join us. We will be live on YouTube Thursday morning at 9 o’clock. f 
MAY IS AN IMPORTANT MONTH TO HOOSIERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, May is an important month for Hoosiers. We cele-brate Indiana’s great racing tradition, the Indianapolis 500, and our long-standing military tradition on Memo-rial Day and during Military Apprecia-tion Month. There are almost half a million vet-erans living in Indiana today in addi-tion to the 30,000 Hoosiers currently serving in the armed services, Reserve, and the Guard. We are proud of our military men and women in Indiana. These honorable Hoosiers are our fa-thers, sons, mothers, daughters, neigh-bors, and friends. Service and patriotic duty is the Hoosier way. Actually, both of my grandfathers, my Grandpa Lath-ery and my Grandpa Rotzien, served our Nation in the armed services. This May, as we gather together to celebrate our great Hoosier traditions, let’s remember the reason that we get to celebrate. It is all thanks to the men and women who have put their lives on the line so that each of us can be free. On Memorial Day, we, of course, re-member those who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our freedoms, but every day we can remember that we owe our military families and our vets a debt that can never be repaid. Let’s all do everything we can to ensure they are honored every day. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 24 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.004 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4430 May 23, 2017 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You once again that we can come before You and ask guidance for the men and women of this assem-bly. Send Your spirit of peace, honesty, and fairness during this week when the budget is being considered and the work of appropriations continues. As violence and the threat of vio-lence hang over our world, may we be continually thankful for and sup-portive of those whose life’s work is keeping us safe. Send Your spirit of healing and comfort to those who are victims of these horrors in our world. May we in America, and all men and women of good will, be committed to working for peace in our homes, neigh-borhoods, and throughout our land and the world. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HILL led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, today the President put forward his budget proposal. It will be damaging to the people in our communities and the places that we call home. It cuts Medicaid by over $600 billion and cuts the food stamp program by over 25 percent, affecting the most needy within our communities. It slashes infrastructure programs, elimi-nates TIGER grants, cuts student loan and financial aid programs, and in-cludes catastrophic cuts to the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. For my home State of Hawaii, this budget zeroes out Federal funding for the Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants, the Native Hawaiian Loan Guarantee program, and cuts Native Hawaiian education programs by near-ly $33 million, crippling the progress that has been made for over 30 years to strengthen Native Hawaiian early edu-cation, literacy, gifted and talented education programs, higher education, vocational programs, and more. I strongly oppose this budget, and I look forward to working with my col-leagues in Congress to pass a budget that actually serves the people and our planet. 
f 
VENEZUELA IS A FAILED STATE (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, all of us in the Western Hemisphere are in horror. Venezuela is a failed state and poten-tially on the brink of civil war. The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this week that thousands of Cuban in-telligence agents are helping the Maduro regime maintain control over the army, while Maduro orders his sol-diers to shoot his own people who are demonstrating in the streets. We cannot let countries like China, Russia, Iran, and Cuba continue to play a role in propping up the Maduro re-gime. While I commend Treasury Sec-retary Mnuchin for issuing sanctions against individuals of the Venezuelan Supreme Court, I call on the adminis-tration to ratchet up the pressure on these outside forces and have them an-swer for their role in the emergency situation in Venezuela. While we face many challenges across the globe, America must re-engage in the Western Hemisphere and not let the neighbors in our backyard slide back into tyranny. f 
PRESIDENTIAL BUDGET SHORTSIGHTED AND RECKLESS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, the President’s budget is shortsighted. It is reckless. Hopefully, it is dead on ar-rival when it lands here in the House. President Trump and Republicans want to throw billions of dollars more on defense programs and drastically cut investments in job training, after-school programs, and lifesaving med-ical research. Think about this: It cuts Social Security disability benefits. If you are a worker in Saginaw look-ing for your next job, you are out of luck. President Trump wants to cut worker training programs. If you are a senior in Bay City, Michigan, and you depend on Meals on Wheels, too bad. President Trump wants to take away those meals, take away that contact that you have. If you are a parent in Flint with a child in Head Start just trying to find a way forward, too bad. President Trump’s budget will cut support for education and for early childhood edu-cation. A budget is a statement of our val-ues. What does this document say about the values of this President? We must reject the President’s pro-posed budget. It is bad for America. 
f 
MILITARY APPRECIATION MONTH (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize Military Appreciation Month. This month allows us the oppor-tunity to educate Americans regarding the impact our military has had throughout history. This month allows us to honor the important men and women who have served and who are serving in uniform. Mr. Speaker, this month allows us to celebrate over 90 million patriots who chose to put our country before them-selves. As a Representative of the 25th Con-gressional District of Texas, it is my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.007 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4431 May 23, 2017 
honor to represent Fort Hood Army Base. I am proud to speak on behalf of ‘‘The Great Place.’’ Located in Killeen, Texas, this 340-square-mile installation is the gold standard for the Army. My visits to Fort Hood have given me a deeper appreciation for our military and their families. This appreciation is why I would like to recognize Memorial Day, which we will all celebrate on Monday, May 29. This day reminds us of the brave men and women who gave up their todays so we could have our tomorrows. It gives us a chance to say thank you to a sol-dier, sailor, airman, coastguardsman, or a marine. Please join me in paying tribute to military members who have given our country the ultimate sac-rifice. May God bless our troops. God bless The Great Place, and God bless the United States of America. In God we trust. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS AT AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS (Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the international students and the U.S. institutions of higher education they attend. They have been unfairly penalized by the Trump administration through uncon-stitutional and illegal immigration ex-ecutive orders. I urge my colleagues and the admin-istration to recognize the vital con-tribution these international students make to our country. International students who spend time in the United States become ambassadors when they return home, sharing an appreciation of our values, counteracting stereo-types about Americans and the United States, and enhancing respect for cul-tural differences and democratic norms. International students contribute to the economic well-being of the United States. According to the Association of International Educators, during the last academic year, international stu-dents and their families supported 400,000 jobs and contributed $33 billion to our domestic economy. In my dis-trict alone, 4,978 international students and families contributed $137 million to our local economy, supporting 1,725 jobs. Actions taken by this administration and this President have generated a great deal of fear and uncertainty within academia. It hurts America. I urge us to support more international students to come to our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FLAT ROCK MIDDLE SCHOOL (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hard work of the students and faculty at Flat Rock Mid-dle School in Tyrone, Georgia. Four years ago, Dr. Monica Reckley decided to found a STEM program at Flat Rock to give her students more than just a traditional classroom expe-rience. She hoped to show them how science, technology, math, and engi-neering could lead to future careers. Today, the program has 150 students spread over 6th, 7th, and 8th grades, and it is helping students develop an interest that could lead them to new professional opportunities. The pro-gram introduces students to STEM, brings in speakers from these fields, and allows students to participate in related competitions. Last month, 10 students from the program participated in the Georgia Tech InVenture Challenge and had sev-eral inventions showcased. These in-ventions included a bulletproof vest de-signed specifically for female police of-ficers, a wireless vital signs monitoring device for elderly patients, a dental floss guard to make flossing easier, and an extension cord and power outlet combination that reduces the number of electrical outlets needed in a home. I am so proud of these students and the opportunities this school district has provided to encourage young peo-ple to explore careers in the 21st cen-tury. I am a proud supporter of career and technical education programs because they prepare students and young peo-ple for work and careers in the modern workforce. f 
PRESIDENT’S BUDGET IS AWFUL (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against the President’s newly released budget re-quest. When I began reading this budget re-quest, only one word came to mind, at least that I can say here—awful: It is an awful budget for American families struggling to make ends meet who haven’t had a raise in years. It is an awful budget for older Ameri-cans who paid into Social Security with the promise that it would be there for them. It is an awful budget for local busi-nesses who can’t get their products to consumers because of our crumbling roads and bridges. It is an awful budget for common sense, with unnecessary spending on a border wall that the American people will pay for. It is an awful budget because it sets the stage for even more waste, fraud, and abuse in government. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the only group that this budget isn’t awful for is the President and his friends. The President calls this an America First budget, so why is it leaving so many American families behind? I urge my colleagues to completely reject this awful budget that doesn’t create jobs, doesn’t uplift families, and doesn’t make any sense. f 
ROWLAND THEATRE CELEBRATES 100TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a true gem in Philipsburg, Pennsylvania, the Rowland Theatre, which celebrates its 100th anniversary this year. Rowland Theatre opened its doors on June 4, 1917. Its visionary was Con-gressman Charles Rowland, who was elected to the House of Representatives in 1915 and represented the 21st Con-gressional District, which included Cameron, Centre, Clearfield, and McKean Counties. The Rowland Theatre was actually one small part of Congressman Row-land’s life, but it would be the project that would become his legacy. The the-ater not only showed the latest silent movies during its first few decades, it was also the location for the top trav-eling shows in the country. Now the Rowland Theatre shows fea-ture films and also hosts plays, as well as choir and orchestra performances. The 1,000-seat theater remains an an-chor of downtown Philipsburg, and it is listed on the National Register of His-toric Places. The Rowland Theatre is open 364 days a year, closing only on Christmas Eve. Mr. Speaker, the Rowland Theatre is a real treasure. Here is to another 100 years. Congratulations. 
f 
b1215 RAISING THE DIALOGUE ON MIDDLE NEIGHBORHOODS (Mr. EVANS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s budget is officially live, and he plans to make massive cuts to pro-grams that help our hardworking fami-lies get ahead. What do we have to lose under Presi-dent Trump’s budget? What don’t we have to lose? Education programs for our children, Medicare and Medicaid for the health and safety of our neigh-borhoods, affordable housing, SNAP benefits, veterans, seniors, and the hits keep coming. A budget is a moral docu-ment, and this one shortchanges Amer-icans from the middle neighborhoods in Philadelphia to Beaver, Pennsylvania. The President talks about putting the country first, yet the budget does no such thing. There is a big difference between gov-erning and campaigning. President Trump, our neighborhoods have a lot to lose when it comes to your budget. Over 40 percent of the populations of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.009 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4432 May 23, 2017 
Philadelphia live in what you call mid-dle neighborhoods. Middle neighbor-hoods are neighborhoods caught be-tween bust and boom, neighborhoods that are doing well enough. Our neighborhoods compete for peo-ple. My district has a poverty rate of 28 percent. Mr. President, now is not the time to make deep cuts to programs our neighbors rely on while calling for massive tax cuts for the rich. Instead, we need to make invest-ments in food policy, social safety net, education policy, and make access to capital and credit. Our communities have too much to lose. Together we will build stronger neighborhoods, block by block. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). Members are reminded to ad-dress all comments to the Chair, not to other Members or to the President. 
f 
HONORING THOSE WHO DIED FOR OUR FREEDOM (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember those who fought and died for our freedom, to thank the brave men and women who today defend our freedom, and to rec-ognize the sacrifice of all their fami-lies. Pennsylvania has produced some of the greatest examples of valor and bravery the world has ever seen. It is home to pivotal moments in American history, like Gettysburg, Valley Forge, and the Battle of Lake Erie. Penn-sylvania’s sons have stormed the beaches of Normandy. They have liber-ated the oppressed from fascism and communism, and they have sought out terror in the depths of Afghanistan and Iraq in order to protect our way of life. Memorial Day is coming up this weekend. We will all enjoy time with our families and friends, but we must always remember that is only possible because of the brave men and women who gave what Abraham Lincoln called the ‘‘last full measure of devotion,’’ and those who protect us today. 
f 
THE UNAFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE BILL (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, currently a panel of Republican Senators are deciding the fate of millions of American women’s healthcare. Tragically, their starting point is the House-passed bill that would force new moms on Medicaid to return to work right after birth, reduce women’s access to copays for contra-ception, weaken protections for pre-existing conditions like pregnancy, and eliminate the guarantee of essential health benefits that provides services like mammograms and cervical cancer screenings, services that save lives. All of these measures hurt women— and only women—and will do enormous harm to the health and well-being of women from childhood to old age. It is an outrage and a gross injustice when women are treated so unequally with such gross disparity and such total dis-regard for their lives and well-being. It is one more powerful reason why this Congress should pass and send to the States to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, declaring in no uncertain terms that women are entitled to equal rights, equal justice, equal treatment, equal protection under the law, and that means equal treatment in healthcare. In this country, it is time, at long last, for equal to mean just that, equal. f 
TRIBUTE TO COMMANDER JO-ANN BURDIAN (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with much admi-ration and respect for Commander Jo- Ann Burdian of the United States Coast Guard. Commander Burdian’s tenure in the House of Representatives as a congres-sional liaison for the United States Coast Guard is coming to an end. She is on her second tour of duty, 3 years each, for a total of 6 years. During her tenure in the House of Representatives, we have seen unprecedented growth and change in the mission of the United States Coast Guard. It has be-come somewhat of a Swiss Army knife of an agency, of a command, covering everything from oil spills to homeland security, 9/11, alien interdiction, drug interdiction, defense missions, mari-time security, and many other impor-tant missions around the world. Commander Burdian has fostered in-credible relationships with Members, staff, and oversight committees and done a fantastic job for both sides of the aisle, including assisting in the passage of two major Coast Guard au-thorization bills, three appropriations bills, full funding of the Offshore Pa-trol Cutter, the Fast Response Cutter, the National Security Cutter, and help-ing to secure $150 million in the FY17 budget to progress polar icebreaker ca-pabilities for the United States. Commander Burdian’s hard work and efforts for the House of Representa-tives were rewarded with her appoint-ment to chief of response for Sector Puget Sound. I want to commend her and her family for incredible service to the United States. 
f 
MAY IS FOSTER CARE MONTH (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize May as National Foster Care Month. In Michigan, there are nearly 14,000 children in foster care and more than 400,000 children nationwide all in need of love and support. Studies have shown the majority of children in fos-ter care are affected by mental health issues and often lack access to the help they need. We need to push for access to services to support these vulnerable children to avoid serious risks in the future. I encourage my colleagues to con-tinue working together in a bipartisan manner to address the needs of our fos-ter care system. I also want to thank KAREN BASSfor raising awareness on the critical needs facing foster youth through the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth. During this month and beyond, let us celebrate foster parents and caregivers and recommit to ensur-ing every child has a permanent, safe, and loving family. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF YODELL BILLAH (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay my respects to Yodell Billah, who passed away earlier this month at the age of 97. Mr. Billah was a Navajo code talker and World War II Army veteran, fighting against the Germans in Italy until their surrender in 1945. His heroic actions and the work of our code talkers saved the lives of innumerable soldiers and civilians. For his service, he was awarded the American Defense Service Medal, American Campaign Medal, and the European African Middle East Cam-paign Medal. We can never repay the debts that we owe Mr. Billah, code talkers from all our Tribal Nations, and our veterans, but I am proud and humbled to stand before you today to bring attention to his service and honor his legacy. Mr. Billah will forever be remem-bered as an active member of his com-munity, a loving father, a grandfather, and, above all, a hero. 
f 
WE MUST RESPOND TO THE GLOB-AL CRISIS OF HUNGER AND FAMINE (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, 20 mil-lion people in South Sudan, Somalia, Yemen, and Nigeria are on the brink of famine. We saw this coming. The warn-ing signs were there long before Janu-ary of this year. I am so proud that Republicans and Democrats joined together to include an additional $1 billion in the FY 2017 omnibus bill to address these famines. Our citizens and our farmers have al-ways been generous in times of such grave need. They know that we have to protect children from hunger and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.011 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4433 May 23, 2017 
violence of war. They know that we need to support diplomacy and develop-ment to avoid future catastrophes. Our united effort must continue in FY 2018, but the President’s budget eliminates the Food for Peace and the McGovern-Dole programs, and reduces funding for disaster assistance. I only hope President Trump and Secretary Tillerson will come to their senses. We must not stand by and watch millions of children and families literally starve to death. We must act, and we must lead. 
f 
BUDGETS ARE ABOUT PRIORITIES (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, today the President put forth his budget pro-posal. The budget includes roughly $2.5 trillion in cuts to programs that help struggling families and elderly and dis-abled people afford the basics, like put-ting food on the table, keeping a roof over their heads, and affording healthcare. The Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program, SNAP, would be cut by $192 billion over the next decade. Med-icaid, the health program for the poor, would be cut by $800 billion. TANF, Temporary Assistance for Needy Fami-lies, would be cut by $21 billion. In 2014, 20 percent of the population of my dis-trict, the Virgin Islands, received SNAP. SNAP feeds primarily poor chil-dren. In 2013, 19 percent of Virgin Is-lands’ children were covered under Medicaid. Another 27 percent went without any health coverage at all. Mr. Speaker, budgets are about prior-ities. Unfortunately, our President’s priorities are clear: more tax cuts for the wealthy taking precedence over en-suring that poor children have enough to eat, that people with physical and mental disabilities can make ends meet, and that low- and moderate-in-come Americans have access to healthcare. The budget would make in-equality and poverty significantly worse, while allowing deficits, when honestly measured, to soar. Mr. Speak-er, we must reject this budget. 
f 
HONORING THE HEROES OF OUR ARMED FORCES (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today ahead of Memorial Day next week to honor the heroes of our Armed Forces who have made the ultimate sacrifice and service to our Nation and to thank their fellow soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who were blessed to make it back home to their loved ones. From the Revolutionary War through the war on terror, more than 1.3 mil-lion Americans have given their lives protecting our freedoms. Today, Con-gress is honoring those lost by passing several bills to help protect our sur-viving veterans and ensure they are treated with the dignity and respect they have earned. Our bills will ensure that the VA medical centers are meet-ing compliance requirements, help vet-erans have better access to nursing home care, increase the rates for vet-erans’ compensation for service-con-nected disabilities, and more. Mr. Speaker, I can think of no better way to celebrate Memorial Day and honor the memory of those lost than by helping our Nation’s veterans, who have sacrificed so much to help keep America safe. I urge all of my col-leagues to support these measures today and our veterans each and every day. f 
BIG TALK AND BROKEN PROMISES (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, today we have a new Trump budget and more broken promises. If you recall on May 7, 2015, the President said: ‘‘I was the first and only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.’’ Broken promise number one. His budget cuts Medicaid, it cuts Medicare, it cuts Social Security. In The Washington Post on January 15, 2017, the President said: ‘‘We are going to have insurance for everybody. Much less expensive and much better.’’ This broken promise number two is that he cuts $1.4 trillion out of healthcare and covers 24 million less people, jacking up insurance rates for countless others. Broken promise number three to the Farm Bureau at ag.com on April 24, 2017: ‘‘I support a strong safety net for our Nation’s farmers.’’ Yet he cuts $50 billion over 10 years from farm sub-sidies, including critical citrus green-ing research dollars for central Florida, where I represent. Then on September 28, 2016, The Washington Times, he says: ‘‘I will be the greatest President for jobs that God’s ever created.’’ He is cutting the National Institutes of Health, critical research dollars by $5.8 billion, cutting NASA by $200 million, cutting National Science Foundation by $776 million. We see big talk and broken promises. 
f 
b1230 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 953, REDUCING REGU-LATORY BURDENS ACT OF 2017 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 348 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 348 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 953) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-21. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules ac-companying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. Any Mem-ber may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I found myself listening to the Reading Clerk as he read through the rule. It is a fair-ly straightforward rule, but it sounded pretty complicated as he was going through it. And I am reminded that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.012 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4434 May 23, 2017 
standing to your left is one of the gen-tlemen that helps us sort through those issues. As every Member of this institution knows, who was listening to the col-loquy last week, Brian Cooper is leav-ing this House after 35 years of public service, honorable service, showing up day in and day out. My friend, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and I, working on the Rules Committee, sometimes go until 2, 3, or 4 in the morning. Well, folks like Mr. Cooper can’t go home until the Rules Committee goes home. So day in and day out, with abso-lutely no pomp or circumstance, just dedicated public service, Brian Cooper served this institution. I fear this will be the last time he and I are on the floor together while I have control of the microphone. And I did not want to yield control of that microphone with-out telling how much his assistance has meant to me. You know, Mr. Speaker, standing in that chair is a powerful responsibility. The burden sometimes is a lot to bear. When you are surrounded by a team of excellence, as you are today, with Ethan to your right and Brian to your left, I know you do that with great confidence. I am grateful to folks who help us to succeed. Thank you, Mr. Cooper, for all of that service. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 348 is a structured rule. It provides for con-sideration of H.R. 953, the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017. It makes in order two amendments from my Democratic colleagues—one from Ms. E
STYand one from Mr. H UFFMAN . As you might remember, the House passed a nearly identical version of this bill last year, Mr. Speaker, but, unfortunately, it did not get across the finish line in the Senate, so it did not make it to the President’s desk. We are trying again this year. My sincere hope is that we will succeed. Mr. Speaker, I know that you hear from constituents, as I do, talking about regulatory burdens, and why can’t we bring commonsense rules and regulations to Washington. H.R. 953, the bill that this rule would make in order, is an attempt to do that. This bill prohibits the EPA from re-quiring unnecessary and duplicative pollution permits for certain pes-ticides. Now, so often when we start a sentence with ‘‘this prevents the EPA,’’ folks think: Oh, there go those Republicans again going after the envi-ronment, waiving those regulations that protect friends and family. Well, as you know, Mr. Speaker, that accusation is never accurate. But, in particular, it fails to address this situ-ation. For decade upon decade, the EPA has regulated pesticides in this country. If we pass H.R. 953 today, for decades and decades to come, the EPA will continue to regulate pesticides in this country. As a result of litigation, Mr. Speaker, the courts are forcing the EPA not to regulate pesticides as pesticides, but to regulate pesticides as pollutant dis-charges, as if there is something else to do with pesticides other than to spray it. They are saying that you can’t just get a permit to use your pesticide, Mr. Speaker. You can’t just read the label and the proper application and get a permit to apply, as indicated on the label. You must also get a permit to discharge a pollutant as if the pesticide is not already regulated as a pesticide itself. Mr. Speaker, it makes no sense. The good news is I am surround by a team of excellence here in the United States House of Representatives and, in a bi-partisan way, we have already agreed that it makes no sense. You will recall, Mr. Speaker, we brought a substantially similar meas-ure to the floor, and we passed it under a process called suspension of the rules. It is a process we save for those bills that are relatively noncontroversial. It passed in a bipartisan way, but didn’t make it across the Senate floor. We brought it back again, Mr. Speak-er, to this floor. We brought it under a rule, as we are doing today. It passed again in a bipartisan way. We sent it to the Senate, but couldn’t make it across the Senate floor. Mr. Speaker, we added it to the farm bill that we passed here in the House, which, again, passed in a bipartisan way. We sent it over to the Senate and it was stripped out on the Senate side. Mr. Speaker, we have come together time and time again as a body to move this commonsense regulatory reform forward. It is my great hope that I will get support from both sides of the aisle again today not just on this rule, but on the underlying legislation, and that we will move forward in a bipartisan way again. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, let me begin as well and echo what Mr. W
OODALL said in prais-ing Brian Cooper for his many decades of service to this body. We appreciate all of his years of service. We appre-ciate all of the years he drove back and forth to work from Baltimore. And we appreciate the incredible patience that he has demonstrated over the years by having to listen to us time and time again. One of the great joys of serving in this body is that you meet some re-markable people. Brian Cooper is cer-tainly a remarkable person, and he will be missed. And I think on behalf of ev-erybody here, we want to say: thank you. Mr. Speaker, let me rise in strong op-position to this rule and to the under-lying legislation. My colleague, Mr. WOODALL , just ref-erenced all of the times we passed it, it went over to the Senate, and it didn’t go anywhere. Maybe we should take a hint from the Senate that it is not a good bill and we ought to kind of re-consider some of the aspects of this bill. But here we are again on the House floor with yet another regulatory roll-back. It is shameful that the leadership of this House continues to waste pre-cious time on bills that seem to ad-dress the concerns of Big Industry over the needs of our constituents, espe-cially as we have so much that needs to be accomplished. By the way, whatever happened to regular order? Do you remember when committees held hearings and mark-ups? The Agriculture Committee, on which I serve, did not hold a hearing. It held a markup, but it did not hold a hearing. And the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the com-mittee with primary jurisdiction over this bill, held no hearing and did no markup. And let’s talk about amendments. The majority made in order less than half of the amendments submitted— two amendments—but they blocked through completely germane amend-ments. Members jumped through all of the hoops, they dotted all of the Is, and they crossed all of the Ts. These were properly drafted amendments, and they were blocked because the Republican majority was afraid to vote on them. Now, what were these amendments? Well, an amendment to prohibit the discharge of toxics in such cir-cumstances where they would be harm-ful to pregnant women or harm fetal or early childhood development. The amendment protects pregnant women and children. Blocked. An amendment to create an excep-tion for communities that use a source of drinking water where a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health, such as heightened exposure to an iden-tified contaminant. Blocked. An amendment to ensure existing Clean Water Act protections apply to waters that a State has already deter-mined are polluted by pesticides. Blocked. They were blocked because they would have passed. Why are my colleagues afraid of pro-tecting pregnant women, and ensuring clean drinking water? That is what these amendments were about. They were germane. The only reason why they are not in order is be-cause you chose to block them in the Rules Committee. I would say to my Republican friends: You are not running this insti-tution. You are ruining this institu-tion. This is supposed to be a delibera-tive body. Let’s start acting like it. And that means bringing germane amendments to the floor, letting us have a debate, letting Republicans and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.015 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4435 May 23, 2017 
Democrats debate, and then vote on those amendments. There is not a single reason at all other than the fact that the Repub-lican leadership did not want these amendments to pass that they were not made in order. That is not the way this place is supposed to work. And speaking of a bad process, late last week, Billy House at Bloomberg News broke the news that the House may need to vote again on this dev-astating TrumpCare bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the article by Billy House. 
[From www.bloomberg.com, May 18, 2017] H
OUSE MAYNEEDTOVOTEAGAIN ON GOP O
BAMACARE REPEAL BILL (By Billy House) House Republicans barely managed to pass their Obamacare repeal bill earlier this month, and they now face the possibility of having to vote again on their controversial health measure. House Speaker Paul Ryan hasn’t yet sent the bill to the Senate because there’s a chance that parts of it may need to be redone, depending on how the Congressional Budget Office estimates its effects. House leaders want to make sure the bill conforms with Senate rules for reconciliation, a mech-anism that allows Senate Republicans to pass the bill with a simple majority. Republicans had rushed to vote on the health bill so the Senate could get a quick start on it, even before the CBO had finished analyzing a series of last-minute changes. The CBO is expected to release an updated estimate next week. ‘‘Unaware,’’ said Representative Jeff Denham of California, with noticeable sur-prise Thursday, when advised that his party leaders still hadn’t sent the bill over to the Senate. Denham was one of the House Re-publicans who ended up voting for the meas-ure, after earlier in the week opposing it. ‘‘I am on the whip team and we have a lot of conversations, but we have not had that one. So I am going to look into it,’’ said Denham, a member of the party’s vote- counting team. 
DOWNPLAYING CONCERN  One senior GOP aide downplayed any con-cern over the potential trouble from the CBO report, depicting it as hypothetical, and say-ing that leaders will cross that bridge if they need to. According to several aides and other proce-dural experts, if Republicans send the bill to the Senate now and the CBO later concludes it doesn’t save at least $2 billion, it would doom the bill and Republicans would have to start their repeal effort all over with a new budget resolution. Congressional rules would likely prevent Republicans from fixing the bill after it’s in the Senate, the aides said. In the Senate, the bill must hit separate $1 billion deficit reduction targets in the juris-diction of the Finance Committee and the chamber’s health committee. Republican aides said failing to meet those numbers would force the House to fix the bill even if the legislation meets the overall cost-sav-ings target. If Republican leaders hold onto the bill until the CBO report is released, then Ryan and his team could still redo it if necessary. That would require at least one more House vote of some sort. Ryan told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt on Friday that he doesn’t think the House will need to vote again on the health law. ‘‘We just want to, out of an abundance of caution, wait to send the bill over to the Senate when we get the final score,’’ Ryan said. That vote could be cloaked in some kind of arcane procedural move, but it would still be depicted as a proxy for yet another vote on the same bill—and reluctant Republicans will once again be forced to decide whether to back it. Only this time, they would also be saddled with the CBO’s latest findings about the bill’s costs and impacts. Republicans had a sizable deficit reduction cushion—$150 billion—before several amend-ments were added to the bill at the last minute, including changes allowing states to legalize much skimpier health insurance plans. BUDGET ASSUMPTIONS  It’s unclear what assumptions the CBO will make about what states will do with that newly created flexibility. If millions of peo-ple sign up for much cheaper, minimal insur-ance, that could trigger billions—and poten-tially even hundreds of billions—in costs over a decade because of the House bill’s health insurance tax credits. ‘‘We’ve got to wait for the CBO score,’’ said Greg Walden of Oregon, chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which authored much of the bill. ‘‘To prove that you meet the reconciliation test.’’ But other senior Republicans weren’t aware that leaders had been holding onto the bill. ‘‘I had no idea,’’ Dennis Ross of Florida, another member of the vote-counting team, said Thursday, adding that the prospect of another vote ‘‘does concern me.’’ GOP leaders never said publicly they were planning to hold on to the bill for two weeks or longer. 
DEMOCRATS ’ CRITICISM  ‘‘Every school child knows that when you pass a bill in the House, you send it to the Senate,’’ said Louise Slaughter, the ranking Democrat on the House Rules Committee. ‘‘You don’t hide it in a drawer somewhere for two weeks, while you wait for information that you should have had before you passed it.’’ The speaker and other Republicans ur-gently pushed their May 4 floor vote, despite a polarized Republican conference, using the frantic final hours to win over holdouts. Even so, 20 Republicans still voted against the bill. After the bill squeaked through, Ryan and other senior Republicans dashed to the White House for an unusual celebration of a one-chamber vote. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to make sure everyone understands that. We thought we were through with it here in the House, but we may not be. After Republicans used emergency procedures on more than one occasion to rush their bill through the House of Representatives, we found out that Re-publican leaders had yet to send a bill over to the Senate for its consider-ation. Instead, they have been hiding the bill for nearly 3 weeks. What happened to the urgency that my colleagues were talking about a few weeks ago? We heard from our Republican friends that the sky would fall if we didn’t act upon TrumpCare imme-diately. It had to be done right then and there. We couldn’t slow down long enough to hear from the nonpartisan experts at the Congressional Budget Office. We couldn’t slow down enough so that people could actually read what was in the bill. We couldn’t slow down enough to do hearings or to get esti-mates on how this massive bill would impact the healthcare of millions of Americans. I think it has become clear to all of us, Mr. Speaker, that the only reason to rush through this process was to trick their own Members into voting for this disastrous bill. It was to keep their Members from seeing the CBO score before they voted for the bill, be-cause if they had seen it, many of them may not have voted for it. Republican leadership couldn’t risk transparency, and they wouldn’t let the facts get in the way of passing TrumpCare. We expect CBO to release their final analysis tomorrow. Finally, we will know how many millions of Americans will be kicked off of their healthcare because of these reckless and heartless Republican policies. We will find out how devastating this bill will be for millions of Americans with preexisting conditions. And we will finally learn just how big that tax cut for wealthy Americans is going to be. I guess my question to Republican leaders of this House is: What was the rush? If you were going to have to hold up the bill over here until the CBO score was released anyway, why couldn’t we just have waited to receive this very important information before we asked the House to vote on this ter-rible bill? Oh, wait. I know why the Republican leadership needed to move TrumpCare so fast, so that the bill’s namesake— President Trump—didn’t throw a tem-per tantrum. That is what this was all about. So he wouldn’t call them out in one of his infamous Twitter rants. b1245 But it wasn’t about good legislating. It was a lousy process basically de-signed to prematurely shove a bill through that is bad for Americans, all for some headline or temporary polit-ical gain. Now, if you have been watching the news lately, you will notice that our 45th President hasn’t been generating the best headlines, what with ‘‘this Russia thing’’—those are his words— constant leaks of information from his staff to the press, never mind the President’s leaking of sensitive classi-fied information on national security matters. President Trump needed a win for himself, even if it is a loss for the American people. As we all know, it is all about him. Now, I remind my Republican col-leagues that they work for the Amer-ican people, that the ultimate boss for all of us is our constituents, not the President of the United States. Mr. Speaker, the Republican major-ity has made a habit of completely skirting regular order and rushing through legislation crafted behind closed doors with no opportunity for meaningful debate and consideration, and this TrumpCare bill is a prime ex-ample. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.016 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4436 May 23, 2017 
We had emergency meetings, back-room deals, and fixes to the fixes to the fixes, and what we were left with is a lousy product that we may have to consider again. My Republican col-leagues should be ashamed of them-selves. Process matters. We are on the Rules Committee. If you don’t believe process matters, you ought to get on a dif-ferent committee. It matters for the integrity of this institution, and it matters if we are to prevent lousy leg-islation. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me say a few words about the Trump budget that was just released this morning. We are still digging through the text and combing through the details, but from what we have already seen, it is devastating. Reports indicate that this budget makes the deepest cuts to Fed-eral programs that help the most vul-nerable, the poorest of the poor. Mr. Speaker, that is nothing to be proud of. At a time when our crumbling infra-structure needs repair, our kids need access to affordable education, and our workers need training to move into high-tech jobs, we simply cannot afford to turn our back on these critical in-vestments that will move our country forward. But this budget plan does just that. Since we are on the floor to talk about an antienvironment bill today, I should note that the Environmental Protection Agency is among the agen-cies hardest hit by President Trump’s ruthless proposal. Through massive cuts to the EPA, the Trump adminis-tration is paving the way toward dirti-er air and more polluted water. But my Republican colleagues don’t seem to be too concerned with that. They have been proposing cuts to EPA for years and years and years. Mr. Speaker, of all the rotten provi-sions tucked into this document—and I could go on and on and on—I find the most troubling to be the radical as-sault on people living in poverty. You know, it is easy to sit in an of-fice at OMB and concoct plans to throw people off of SNAP and off of Medicaid and kick them out of their housing. This plan does just that. By any read-ing, by any measure, that is what it does. We are reading about a $274 bil-lion cut to our safety net, on top of the over $800 billion cut to Medicaid in-cluded in the TrumpCare bill. These are real people, Mr. Speaker. They are our constituents. They are our neighbors and our friends. Our kids go to school together. But given some of the proposals I have seen from this majority party, I have to wonder whether some of my colleagues might never have talked with anyone living in poverty. I would say to them, life is very different when you leave your country club. Life is very different. It is very hard for peo-ple struggling in poverty. Being poor in this country is hard work, and you ought to know that by now. My Republican colleagues have made a habit of belittling the poor instead of trying to understand their struggles. They work hard, Mr. Speaker—often at more than one job—to put food on the table for their kids and to find a roof over their heads. They are exhausted from work and from worry. We see them every day, serving ta-bles, washing dishes, hauling away trash, cleaning offices, mowing lawns, stacking heavy loads, taking care of people’s children, comforting the sick. Theirs are the faces in the bus windows going home from work at 2 in the morning. Theirs are the faces arriving at work at 5 in the morning the next day. They deserve our respect, not the disdain shown to them and to their families in this disgraceful budget. I would like to remind my colleagues that poverty and hunger in rural areas is often as bad as, and sometimes even worse than, in cities. So I find it highly offensive that this budget slashes our safety net for the very people that President Trump promised to protect, the very people who put President Trump in office. You know, I heard some of the ra-tionale for this budget from the White House, saying: Well, you know, people who are on SNAP ought to work. Well, let me just say for the R
ECORD  so it is clear to everybody here that the majority of people on SNAP are children, are senior citizens, are people who are disabled. Of those who can work, a majority of them work. They work, but they earn so little that they are still stuck in poverty. Why aren’t we having a debate about increasing wages in this country? Why is the debate focused on how we make the lives of those in poverty even more miserable? You know, budgets are moral docu-ments, and this is the most heartless, reckless, and damaging plan I have ever seen. It is immoral. The President’s Budget Director talked yesterday about compassion for taxpayers and for Trump supporters. Well, give me a break. You know, I would tell Mr. Mulvaney I don’t think that word means what he think it means. Compassion, that is feeding starving children, helping a father get back on his feet after a job loss, helping a mother get back on her feet after a job loss, cleaning up poisoned water, ensur-ing everyone has a chance at living a healthy life regardless of how much money they have. That is compassion, not turning our backs on these people. Tax cuts for the wealthiest among us at the expense of the public safety net is cruel. It is coldhearted and, Mr. Speaker, I am sick of it. I assure you that is not compassionate. So I hope my Republican colleagues will have the courage to stand up against this administration and do what is right for the American people. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my friend from Massachusetts I do not have any speakers remaining, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Throughout his campaign, President Trump made promises that he would not cut Medicare, Medicaid, or Social Security. Now we have come to find out that he has broken every one of those promises. The Trump budget includes more than $800 billion in Medicaid cuts in the GOP healthcare bill and then adds additional cuts on top of that, with total Medicaid cuts of over $1 trillion over the next 10 years. Furthermore, the Trump budget guts Social Security disability insurance which, as of 2015, covered 10 million re-cipients. The Trump budget also slashes fund-ing for SNAP, our Nation’s first line of defense against hunger, by $193 billion. That is a 25 percent cut. SNAP is the program that provides people food. That’s it—food. We have 42 million people in this country who are food insecure—42 mil-lion. We should all be ashamed of that. And the answer is to cut SNAP by 25 percent? Oh, and by the way, the average SNAP benefit is $1.40 per person per meal. And let’s not forget that the Repub-licans’ healthcare disaster takes $75 billion out of the Medicare trust fund, shortening the life of the trust fund. Mr. WOODALL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Georgia. Mr. WOODALL. I appreciate that. I would like to inquire of the Speaker: Is my friend from Massachusetts working on my yielded time or is he working on his time? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is on his own time. Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend. Mr. M
CGOVERN. If the gentleman wants to yield me some of his time, I am more than happy to go on for as long as you would like. Mr. WOODALL. If my friend would yield, I was advised that I had yielded an abundance of time. I just wanted to make sure that I was not being more generous than you and I would have in-tended. Mr. M
CGOVERN. So, Mr. Speaker, it is disappointing that, instead of pro-tecting our most vulnerable, President Trump and the House Republicans con-tinually insist on tax breaks for big corporations and the wealthiest Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, we need to hold Presi-dent Trump to his word. Therefore, I am asking that we defeat the previous question. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule that would change the rules of the House to prevent any legislation from being considered if it would result in a reduction of guaranteed benefits under the Social Security Act, if it would increase either the early or full retirement age to receive Social Secu-rity benefits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.018 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4437 May 23, 2017 
This would prevent any legislation from being considered if it would pri-vatize Social Security. We would pre-vent any legislation from being consid-ered that would result in a reduction of guaranteed benefits for individuals en-titled to or enrolled for benefits under Medicare or result in a reduction of benefits or eligibility for individuals enrolled in or eligible to receive med-ical assistance through a State Med-icaid plan or waiver. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would just simply say to my colleagues that I urge everybody in this House to remember why we came to Congress and who sent us here. Our primary ob-ligation is to the people of this coun-try, and they did not send us here to make their lives more miserable. When you look at the priorities in the President’s budget, when you look at the impact that the healthcare bill, the TrumpCare bill that the House of Representatives passed, when you look at the impact it is going to have on tens of millions of Americans in this country, these bills will devastate peo-ple. So we need to get back to what is im-portant. It is not about propping up the President during his difficulties. It is not about playing to the cheap seats at the Heritage Foundation or some other rightwing think tank. Our primary ob-ligation is to people of the United States. This budget and the priorities of this Republican majority and the priorities of this President undercut the security and the economic well- being of every single person in this country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to defeat the previous ques-tion and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to recognize that, if you locked my friend from Massachusetts and me in a room together, it would be over both of our objections, but we would be able to solve about 50 percent of the challenges that face this coun-try. There is something different that happens in conversation and dialogue when the cameras are turned off than happens when the cameras are on, and of course we are going to keep these cameras here on the floor of the House for as long as you and I are here be-cause the American people have a right to see and a right to know. But just like Mom and Dad don’t want to have all their conversations in front of the kids, and the kids cer-tainly don’t want to have all of their conversations in front of Mom and Dad, there is a role to be played for folks to be able to close the door and sit down and visit with each other and try to make things better. My friend from Massachusetts is ab-solutely right. The only job that we have is to make a difference for our constituency back home. Sometimes we legitimately disagree on how to do that. The budget is a good example. You will remember, Mr. Speaker, President Obama, in his 8 years as President of the United States, never once introduced a budget that bal-anced. He borrowed from our children and our grandchildren in every single budget. And when I say he didn’t introduce a budget that balanced, I don’t mean that he didn’t balance in year 1, I don’t mean he didn’t balance in year 10. I mean never, ever, ever looking forward in his budgets did he ever stop bor-rowing. Mr. Speaker, there is not a man or woman in this institution who believes that you can run a country that way. There is not one. There is not a man or woman in this institution who doesn’t understand that balancing budgets is going to mean hard decisions, and so it is absolutely the right place for the di-alog about what those hard decisions should be. But let us not be confused for one moment. There is no pathway to bal-ance that isn’t hard. Borrowing from your children and your grandchildren to pay for what you want today is al-ways going to be easier, Mr. Speaker, than paying for it yourself. We are going to have to have that conversa-tion. I agree with my friend from Massa-chusetts. We do not work for the Presi-dent of the United States in this insti-tution. If anything, he works for us. I sit on the House Budget Committee, Mr. Speaker, and I promise you, we are promulgating our own House budget, a work product that is going to make this institution proud. I am particu-larly pleased to be working with Budg-et Committee Chairwoman D
IANE B
LACK on that budget, even as we speak. b1300 Mr. Speaker, it will balance by mak-ing commonsense changes to Federal programs, one of which is included in this bill here today. Take the EPA, for example. Mr. Speaker, I encourage you, if you have not read the comments of our new EPA Administrator, to get into those be-cause what he would tell you, which is absolutely true, is that we have Super-fund sites in this country that are so polluted they cannot be utilized for other purposes. They have been on the Superfund list for decades through Republican Presi-dents and through Democratic Presi-dents. They have been sitting on that list. There is no plan to clean them up, no plan to make a difference in those communities, and no plan to serve those constituencies. That is wrong. Instead of spending its time and re-sources making a difference for fami-lies, making a difference for the envi-ronment, what is the EPA having to do? Respond to court cases that tell it to treat the reasonable and labeled appli-cation of pesticides; not as spraying pesticides in your field, but as if you were operating a factory and just hav-ing as an effluent, pesticide flowing out of your factory. That is just nonsense. The reason we produced pesticides is to spray it in fields. We do not need an effluent discharge permit as if we are running a factory, pumping it into our streams. We are not. We are spraying it on our plants to do what? Address the food needs of this Na-tion. My friend from Massachusetts is ab-solutely right when he talks about hunger in this Nation, Mr. Speaker. He is absolutely right. I dare say that there is not a community in this coun-try that is not affected by hunger. But the biggest advocate we have in the fight against hunger is the American farmer, Mr. Speaker. There is nobody in the world who does it better; there is nobody in the world who produces it cheaper; there is nobody in the world that has the capa-bility of producing the food to go on the grocery store shelves in America except the American farmer. And these pesticides and herbicides make a dif-ference in getting that food out of the field and onto those store shelves. We want to do it with strict EPA reg-ulation. That is what is lost in this de-bate. There is not one Member of this body that wants to repeal EPA regula-tion. We want to keep that EPA regu-lation. It is called FIFRA, that regula-tion that pesticides are regulated under. No one wants to change that at all. All folks want to do is say: Wait a minute, this is not a factory discharge issue. This is a pesticide issue. My friend from Massachusetts is ab-solutely right. I sit on the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee, Mr. Speaker. We did not have a hearing or a markup on this bill, and it was ab-solutely referred to our committee. Why, Mr. Speaker? It was referred to our committee be-cause we have jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act, but this has never been a Clean Water Act issue, except the courts tried to make it one. This has never been a Clean Water Act issue, except the litigants tried to make it one. So when we tried to fix the problem, we didn’t waste a moment in the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee dealing with the Clean Water Act because this has never been a Clean Water Act issue. It is an ag issue, which is why it went through my friend of Massachusetts’ Agriculture Committee. Mr. Speaker, I don’t begrudge anyone the job that they have to do in this in-stitution. We have different constitu-encies. They ask different things of us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.019 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4438 May 23, 2017 
We all have to come and do our work. But I will tell you what, Mr. Speaker, everything doesn’t have to be an us- against-them battle. Sometimes it is just about us. Sometimes there is more that unites this country than divides this country, and that is okay. Some-times we are able to work together on commonsense solutions, and that is okay. Mr. Speaker, when this bill came to the House under suspension of the rules, again, that process that we use for things that are noncontroversial, my friend from Massachusetts sup-ported it at that time. He supported it because it is good legislation that is going to make a difference for folks back home. It is going to make a dif-ference in combating hunger in every jurisdiction across this Nation. When this bill went through the Ag-riculture Committee, Mr. Speaker, there were no amendments offered. The Agriculture Committee is composed of Republicans and Democrats. It is a place where discussion takes place. It was the markup of this bill, which is when you go and try to amend it and make it better. Not one amendment was offered from either side. Why? Because we have discussed this issue, we have litigated this issue, and we have worked together on this issue, and it is a collaborative work product. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would just say to the gentleman that a number of amendments that are ger-mane were offered in the Rules Com-mittee to protect the health and safety of women and children, and they were not made in order. So amendments were offered and they were blocked. I just point that out for the R
ECORD . Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend. He is absolutely right. When the ex-perts on the Agriculture Committee considered this, when the folks who spend their entire careers on Capitol Hill working on pesticide and pesticide safety considered this, they had abso-lutely no amendments to offer whatso-ever. When it came to the Rules Com-mittee and the entire House could offer amendments, folks absolutely offered amendments. The Rules Committee, on which the gentleman from Massachu-setts and I serve, made two of those amendments in order. We rejected oth-ers. You heard my friend’s opening statement, Mr. Speaker, that one of the amendments we rejected was to protect pregnant women. Well, Mr. Speaker, for Pete’s sake, I have served with these men and women in here. I have been in this body for 6 years. There is not one Member of this institution who doesn’t care about pregnant women. There is not one Member of this institution who doesn’t care about children. There is not one Member of this institution who doesn’t care. What we do in this institution is care. And when my friend from Massa-chusetts supported this bill, when he supported this bill, there were no amendments along those lines. When the gentleman supported this bill without the amendment dealing particularly with pregnant women and children, I don’t believe for a moment the gentleman forgot about those preg-nant women and children. I don’t be-lieve for a moment he decided he was going to punish pregnant women and children. I believe that he thought those protections were inherent in the base text, and he was right when he thought it, and he was right when he supported it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I would just say that the bill has changed over the years, and I voted against it in com-mittee. I guess the question is: If we are all in agreement that we want to protect women and children, what was the harm in making in order an amend-ment that would have done that? It was perfectly germane, and the Rules Committee decided not to make it in order. I think that is a question that the gentleman hasn’t answered. I appreciate that all the people on the Agriculture Committee are experts, but you know what? There are other people who know a lot about science, pesticides, and agri-culture who were not on the com-mittee. And just because a committee takes action—I mean, if that is the new rule now: if you are on the committee, you can’t offer amendments. Well, that is an unfortunate new approach that the Republicans are taking. Mr. WOODALL. Reclaiming my time, I will tell my friend two things that he already knows. Number one is we do accept amendments from the entire Congress. That is the purpose of the Rules Committee being in existence, and we have added two amendments to this bill for consideration. When the gentleman supported it in the 112th Congress, we considered no other amendments. That is a change this time. We are going to do that. When it passed the last time we did a rule, no one offered any amendments. This is a change from that time. When we passed it in the Agriculture bill, no one offered any amendments. So it is a change this time. We absolutely are opening up the process more and more with every time the House considers this bill. But I would also tell my friend some-thing that we are going to have to grapple with as an institution, and that is that I don’t need a Rules Committee if what we are going to do is make every amendment that comes to this institution in order. The only reason we have a Rules Committee is to pick and choose. The only reason we have a Rules Com-mittee is to set up a timetable on which we can debate and consider things in a reasonable manner. The only reason we have a Rules Com-mittee is because we are not operating under unanimous consent as our friends in the Senate do, though we ab-solutely could. And I would refer him to my friend, DANIEL WEBSTER , who has some marvelous ideas about how we might do that. But, Mr. Speaker, I think it is legiti-mate for folks back home to wonder what is going on in that United States House. They passed it in a bipartisan way once. They passed it in a bipar-tisan way twice. They passed it in a bi-partisan way three times, and here it is on the floor today, and it is as if the sky is falling and going to open up and swallow everything that is good and decent about this land. Why is that, Mr. Speaker? Why is that the conversation we are having today instead of the one we had not once, not twice, but three times about how we could use this legislation to improve the lives of citizens across this country? Perhaps that is just the environment we are in. Perhaps that is just the cards we have been dealt in politics across America today, Mr. Speaker, but we have a chance together as an in-stitution to stand up and say it does not have to be that way. We have a chance together to stand up and say that we can do better than those par-tisan shenanigans. We can get together on things that are going to make a dif-ference, and the first opportunity you are going to have after this speech, Mr. Speaker, to do that, is in supporting the rule for this bill. The first oppor-tunity we are going to have to do that is in supporting this rule, and then sup-porting the underlying legislation and sending it back to the Senate one more time. It is the right thing to do, Mr. Speaker, and we have the opportunity to do that together. Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support for the rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TOBEOFFERED TO H. R ES. 348 
BYMR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 2. Rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: 
RESTRICTIONS ON CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION THAT WOULD BREAK DONALD TRUMP ’S 
PROMISE NOT TO CUT SOCIAL SECURITY , MEDI-
CARE , OR MEDICAID  13. (a) It shall not be in order to consider a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report which includes any provision described in paragraph (b).’’ (b) A provision referred to in paragraph (a) is a provision which, if enacted into law, would result in any of the following: (1) a reduction of guaranteed benefits scheduled under title II of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.); (2) an increase in either the early or full retirement age for the benefits described in paragraph (1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.021 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4439 May 23, 2017 
(3) a privatization of Social Security; (4) a reduction of guaranteed benefits for individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, bene-fits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of 18 such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or (5) a reduction of benefits or eligibility for individuals enrolled in, or eligible to receive medical assistance through, a State Med-icaid plan or waiver under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 5 et seq.). (c) It shall not be in order to consider a rule or order that waives the application of paragraph (a). As disposition of any point of order under paragraph (a) or this paragraph (except a point of order against an amend-ment pursuant to paragraph (a)), the Chair shall put the question of consideration with respect to the measure, order, conference re-port, or rule as applicable. The question of consideration shall be debatable for 10 min-utes by the Member initiating the point of order and for 10 minutes by an opponent, but shall otherwise be decided without inter-vening motion except one that the House ad-journ. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Again, hearing the gentleman say that we all want to pro-tect the lives of pregnant women and children, I just want to ask as an in-quiry: Is the amendment by E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON that prohibits the dis-charge of toxins in such circumstances where they would be harmful to preg-nant women, or could harm fetal, or early childhood development, which is perfectly germane, is that made in order? Is that part of the rule? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is free to consult the Rules Committee report. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Well, I don’t think it is. I would just simply say to the gentleman, if he wants more coopera-tion, then maybe we ought to open the process up, and actually listen to what the Democrats have to say too. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 229, nays 191, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 271] YEAS—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.009 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4440 May 23, 2017 
Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Black Deutch Hice, Jody B. Huizenga Johnson, Sam Newhouse Roybal-Allard Simpson Tiberi Wasserman Schultz 
b1333 Mr. CRIST and Mrs. DINGELL changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 271. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF THE VIC -
TIMS OF THE TERRORIST ATTACK IN MAN -
CHESTER , ENGLAND  
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask that all present rise for a moment of si-lence. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the victims of the terrorist at-tack in Manchester, England. Without objection, 5-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 189, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 272] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—9 
Black Deutch Gaetz Hice, Jody B. Huizenga Johnson, Sam Newhouse Tiberi Wasserman Schultz 
b1342 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE BUDGET MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–3) The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accom-panying papers, referred to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: On February 28, I spoke to a joint session of the Congress about what we need to do to begin a new chapter of American Greatness. I asked the Na-tion to look forward nine years and imagine the wonders we could achieve by America’s 250th anniversary of our Independence if we set free the dreams of our people by removing the barriers holding back our economic growth. This Budget’s defining ambition is to unleash the dreams of the American people. This requires laying a new foundation for American Greatness. Through streamlined Government, we will drive an economic boom that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.005 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4441 May 23, 2017 
raises incomes and expands job oppor-tunities for all Americans. Faster eco-nomic growth, coupled with fiscal re-straint, will enable us to fully fund our national priorities, balance our budget, and start to pay down our national debt. Our moral commitment to replacing our current economic stagnation with faster economic growth rests on the following eight pillars of reform: Health Reform. We need to enable Americans to buy the healthcare they need at a price they can afford. To this end, we must repeal Obamacare and its burdensome regulations and mandates, and replace it with a framework that restores choice and competition. This will lower the cost of care so that more Americans can get the medical atten-tion they need. Additionally, Medicaid, which inadequately serves enrollees and taxpayers, must be reformed to allow States to manage their own pro-grams, with continued financial sup-port from the Federal Government. Tax Reform and Simplification. We must reduce the tax burden on Amer-ican workers and businesses, so that we can maximize incomes and economic growth. We must also simplify our tax system, so that individuals and busi-nesses do not waste countless hours and resources simply paying their taxes. Immigration Reform. We must re-form immigration policy so that it serves our national interest. We will adopt commonsense proposals that pro-tect American workers, reduce burdens on taxpayers and public resources, and focus Federal funds on underserved and disadvantaged citizens. Reductions in Federal Spending. We must scrutinize every dollar the Fed-eral Government spends. Just as fami-lies decide how to manage limited budgets, we must ensure the Federal Government spends precious taxpayer dollars only on our highest national priorities, and always in the most effi-cient, effective manner. Regulatory Rollback. We must elimi-nate every outdated, unnecessary, or ineffective Federal regulation, and move aggressively to build regulatory frameworks that stimulate—rather than stagnate—job creation. Even for those regulations we must leave in place, we must strike every provision that is counterproductive, ineffective, or outdated. American Energy Development. We must increase development of Amer-ica’s energy resources, strengthening our national security, lowering the price of electricity and transportation fuels, and driving down the cost of con-sumer goods so that every American individual and business has more money to save and invest. A con-sistent, long-term supply of lower-cost American energy brings with it a much larger economy, more jobs, and greater security for the American people. Welfare Reform. We must reform our welfare system so that it does not dis-courage able-bodied adults from work-ing, which takes away scarce resources from those in real need. Work must be the center of our social policy. Education Reform. We need to return decisions regarding education back to the State and local levels, while ad-vancing opportunities for parents and students to choose, from all available options, the school that best fits their needs to learn and succeed. To unleash the power of American work and creativity—and drive oppor-tunity and faster economic growth—we must reprioritize Federal spending so that it advances the safety and secu-rity of the American people. This Budget, therefore, includes $639 billion for the Department of Defense— a $52 billion increase from the 2017 annualized continuing resolution level. This increase will be offset by targeted reductions elsewhere. This defense funding is vital to rebuilding, modern-izing, and preparing our Armed Forces for the future so that our military re-mains the world’s preeminent fighting force and we can continue to ensure peace through strength. This Budget also increases funding to take care of our great veterans, who have served their country with such honor and dis-tinction. The Budget also meets the need to materially increase funding for border security, immigration enforcement, and law enforcement at the Depart-ments of Homeland Security and Jus-tice. These funding increases will pro-vide additional resources for a south-ern border wall, expanded detention ca-pacity, and initiatives to reduce vio-lent crime, as well as more immigra-tion judges, U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement officers, and Border Patrol agents. The Budget also invests significant resources in efforts to com-bat opioid abuse. In these dangerous times, our in-creased attention to public safety and national security sends a clear message to the world—a message of American strength and resolve. It follows through on my promise to focus on keeping Americans safe, keeping ter-rorists out of our Nation, and putting violent offenders behind bars. As this Budget returns us to eco-nomic prosperity, it will also allow us to fund additional priorities, including infrastructure, student loan reform, and initiatives to help working fami-lies such as paid parental leave. We will champion the hardworking tax-payers who have been ignored for too long. Once we end our economic stag-nation and return to robust growth, so many of our aspirations will be within reach. It is now up to the Congress to act. I pledge my full cooperation in ending the economic malaise that has, for too long, crippled the dreams of our people. The time for small thinking is over. As we look forward to our 250th year, I am calling upon all Members of Congress to join me in striving to do big and bold and daring things for our Nation. We have it in our power to set free the dreams of our people. Let us begin. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 23, 2017. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Juvenile Jus-tice Reform Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I believe in oppor-tunity. I believe that, given tools, any-one can change their situation for the better. Too often at-risk youth end up in the school-to-prison pipeline. When designed effectively, juvenile justice programs can help reset a troubled youth’s path to successful adulthood. That is why I support the Juvenile Jus-tice Reform Act of 2017. This legisla-tion will help youth in the juvenile jus-tice system get on the right path by fo-cusing programs on approaches that work using evidence-based strategies and proven track records. It strength-ens accountability and oversight to de-liver positive outcomes. It also provides communities with greater flexibility to deliver services that meet the specific needs of youth in their communities. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this legislation to help youth break from their troubled pasts and turn their lives around and become an asset in their communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. b1400 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ), a strong supporter of at-risk youth. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that the House today will vote to pass a bipartisan reauthor-ization of H.R. 1809, the Juvenile Jus-tice Reform Act. I strongly believe that this measure will not only help our Nation’s at-risk youth, but it will also vastly improve the juvenile justice system in each State. One area I was particularly inter-ested in addressing in this bill is find-ing ways in which State-based prac-tices that have been developed to end the school-to-prison pipeline can be ex-panded. I strongly believe that youth- based mentoring programs are key to achieving this goal. For that reason, I added language to the bill that expands the definition of juvenile delinquency programs to include youth mentoring programs so those programs will have greater access to Federal grant fund-ing. One of my life’s missions has been to help build a permanent roadblock on the destructive and demoralizing path that has entrapped so many boys and young men of color and other at-risk youth. In fact, there are 50 ninth grade boys from the 5000 Role Models of Ex-cellence Project visiting Washington today. If you see them in their red ties, give them a hug and tell them you love them. My experience as a teacher and prin-cipal has taught me the very real bene-fits of reaching children as early as possible and how, with proper encour-agement, support, and resources, young lives can be transformed so that they will make positive and productive choices. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the Committee on Education and the Workforce for working very closely together in a bipartisan manner to vote to reauthorize the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act. I think we can all agree that this bill’s passage will go a long way toward as-sisting at-risk youth by giving them a second chance at success as well as op-portunities to be able to learn from their mistakes and move beyond those mistakes to get an education, build a successful career, and contribute to so-ciety. I especially commend Chairman FOXXand Ranking Member S COTT, who I know care so much about this issue. I also applaud Representative J
ASON  L
EWIS of Minnesota for his spirit. I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ), who has been working on juvenile justice issues since he was in the California Legislature and Los Angeles City Council. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I also want to take the opportunity to thank my colleague for all of his diligence and incredible effort to make sure that we are here today with the successful passage of this important legislation. The bill we are considering today, the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017, is a bill that puts Congress back in the driver’s seat of evidence-based reform of our Nation’s juvenile justice system. For far too long, Congress has failed to reauthorize the landmark Ju-venile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act passed in 1974. The most im-portant Federal juvenile justice stat-ute has been expired for almost a dec-ade. I came to Congress to effect change at a national level and to serve the people of my district and all of the peo-ple across this great country. Congress has fallen behind the leadership and the progress of Democratic and Repub-lican States alike and cities, as well, across the Nation who have had to take the lead without us. Passing this bill is a step in the right direction and will demonstrate to States and cities across this great country that Congress is lis-tening and acting. This bill addresses many of the issues that I have been working on in my ca-reer as a State legislator, as a city councilman, and now as a Federal elected public servant. For instance, it helps cities and local organizations fund community-based gang prevention and intervention programs. When I was on the Los Angeles City Council, I made sure that organizations receiving taxpayer dollars from our city were actually achieving the re-sults that they had promised. I am pleased that this bill includes a strong emphasis on research and science and making sure that evidence-based pro-grams are prioritized. It ensures that we are supporting programs and orga-nizations that work, which will save the taxpayers billions of dollars in the short run, hundreds of billions of dol-lars in the long run, and also make our communities much, much safer. This bill supports programs that en-sure youth have access to appropriate legal representation and programs to expand access. This bill supports pro-grams designed to educate kids and their families about how they can go about sealing and expunging their juve-nile records and to help them do that along the way. This bill supports programs focused on girls in the juvenile justice system. Equally important, this bill makes sure that all ethnicity is recorded so we can get a better understanding of who is in our juvenile justice system and address any disparities if we find them. This bill will put us on a path to en-suring kids are not detained for an of-fense that would not be a crime if com-mitted as an adult, such as skipping school or running away from home. It is high time we reauthorize the JJDPA, and I hope my colleagues in the House and Senate can come to-gether to advance this critical update to our juvenile justice laws. It is our responsibility to lead. I urge my colleagues to be leaders by voting for the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017. Once again, it is long, long over-due. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.031 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4453 May 23, 2017 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Congressman L
EWIS for his work on this important legislation. I also thank the ranking member, Mr. S
COTT, whom I had the pleasure of working with on this same cause last year. This year, of course, I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill. As a former member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, this was and remains one of my priorities, as I believe that this reau-thorization can help us achieve our antipoverty goals here in the U.S. House. The Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017 will help set kids up for success that is long term, so they are not caught up in a system that puts them on a path where failure is inevitable. This bill includes reforms that will help juveniles transition out of the sys-tem through community-based services and education. It also ensures that stakeholders can offer their expertise in order to best serve this population while also sup-porting prevention services to keep kids on the right track. Another im-portant thing to note is that this bill prioritizes evidence-based strategies to reduce juvenile delinquency, directing necessary resources to what actually works. Everyone deserves the chance to im-prove their circumstances. Many kids who end up in the juvenile justice sys-tem are the most vulnerable in our communities. These kids and the stakeholders and policymakers who support them need the flexibility and tools to effectively serve them. I be-lieve this legislation is a step in the right direction, and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of it. I appreciate the work that the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce has done to help at-risk youth get on a path to a brighter future. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, the gentleman from Minnesota for his leadership. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Ensuring kids experiencing difficult life circumstances avoid a life of crime is a collaborative effort. I find it a privilege to stand with parents, teach-ers, and law enforcement officers to en-sure at-risk youth are able to get back on track and grow into productive members of society. The Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017 makes commonsense reforms that move us in a positive direction by pro-viding support to kids who need help the most. I am pleased to help lead this bipartisan effort. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) for the work he has done on this legislation. By working together here in Con-gress, we can ensure young people have the opportunities they need to turn their lives around and earn a lifetime of success. I thank my colleagues for their support of H.R. 1809. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1809, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMPROVING SUPPORT FOR MISS-ING AND EXPLOITED CHILDREN ACT OF 2017 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1808) to amend and improve the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1808 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Sup-port for Missing and Exploited Children Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Section 402 of the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) each year tens of thousands of children run away, or are abducted or removed, from the control of a parent having legal custody without such parent’s consent, under circumstances which immediately place the child in grave dan-ger;’’, (2) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5), (3) in paragraph (6) by inserting ‘‘, including child sex trafficking and sextortion’’ after ‘‘ex-ploitation’’, (4) in paragraph (8) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end, (5) by striking paragraph (9), (6) by amending paragraph (10) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(10) a key component of such programs is the National Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren that— ‘‘(A) serves as a nonprofit, national resource center and clearinghouse to provide assistance to victims, families, child-serving professionals, and the general public; ‘‘(B) works with the Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United States Marshals Service, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of State, the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the United States Secret Service, the United States Postal Inspection Service, other agencies, and nongovernmental organizations in the ef-fort to find missing children and to prevent child victimization; and ‘‘(C) coordinates with each of the missing children clearinghouses operated by the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and international organizations to transmit im-ages and information regarding missing and ex-ploited children to law enforcement, nongovern-mental organizations, and corporate partners across the United States and around the world instantly.’’, and (7) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), (8), and (10) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), and (7), re-spectively. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 403 of the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5772) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘legal custodian’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘parent’’, (B) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘custodian’s’’ and inserting ‘‘parent’s’’, and (C) in subparagraph (C) by striking the period and the end and inserting a semicolon, (2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (3) in paragraph (3) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘parent’ includes a legal guard-ian or other individual standing in loco parentis (such as a grandparent or stepparent with whom the child lives, or an individual who is le-gally responsible for the child’s welfare).’’. 
SEC. 4. DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS OF THE ADMIN-ISTRATOR. 
Section 404 of the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘telephone line’’ and inserting ‘‘hotline’’, and (B) in paragraph (6)(E)— (i) by striking ‘‘telephone line’’ and inserting ‘‘hotline’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)(A) and’’ and inserting ‘‘(b)(1)(A),’’, and (iii) by inserting ‘‘, and the number and types of reports to the tipline established under sub-section (b)(1)(K)(i)’’ before the semicolon at the end, (2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘telephone line’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘hotline’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘legal custodian’’ and insert-ing ‘‘parent’’, (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘restaurant’’ and inserting ‘‘food’’, and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (ii) in clause (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end, and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) innovative and model programs, services, and legislation that benefit missing and ex-ploited children;’’, (C) by striking subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G), (D) by amending subparagraph (H) to read as follows: ‘‘(H) provide technical assistance and training to families, law enforcement agencies, State and local governments, elements of the criminal jus-tice system, nongovernmental agencies, local educational agencies, and the general public— ‘‘(i) in the prevention, investigation, prosecu-tion, and treatment of cases involving missing and exploited children; ‘‘(ii) to respond to foster children missing from the State child welfare system in coordination with child welfare agencies and courts handling juvenile justice and dependency matters; and ‘‘(iii) in the identification, location, and re-covery of victims of, and children at risk for, child sex trafficking;’’, (E) by amending subparagraphs (I), (J), and (K) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) provide assistance to families, law en-forcement agencies, State and local govern-ments, nongovernmental agencies, child-serving professionals, and other individuals involved in the location and recovery of missing and ab-ducted children, both nationally, and in co-operation with the Department of State, inter-nationally; ‘‘(J) provide support and technical assistance to child-serving professionals involved in help-ing to recover missing and exploited children by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.032 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4454 May 23, 2017 
searching public records databases to help in the identification, location, and recovery of such children, and help in the location and identification of potential abductors and offend-ers; ‘‘(K) provide forensic and direct on-site tech-nical assistance and consultation to families, law enforcement agencies, child-serving profes-sionals, and nongovernmental organizations in child abduction and exploitation cases, includ-ing facial reconstruction of skeletal remains and similar techniques to assist in the identification of unidentified deceased children;’’. (F) by striking subparagraphs (L) and (M), (G) by amending subparagraph (N) to read as follows: ‘‘(N) provide training, technical assistance, and information to nongovernmental organiza-tions relating to non-compliant sex offenders and to law enforcement agencies in identifying and locating such individuals;’’, (H) by striking subparagraph (P), (I) by amending subparagraph (Q) to read as follows: ‘‘(Q) work with families, law enforcement agencies, electronic service providers, electronic payment service providers, technology compa-nies, nongovernmental organizations, and oth-ers on methods to reduce the existence and dis-tribution of online images and videos of sexually exploited children— ‘‘(i) by operating a tipline to provide to indi-viduals and electronic service providers an effec-tive means of reporting Internet-related and other instances of child sexual exploitation in the areas of— ‘‘(I) possession, manufacture, and distribution of child pornography; ‘‘(II) online enticement of children for sexual acts; ‘‘(III) child sex trafficking; ‘‘(IV) sex tourism involving children; ‘‘(V) extra familial child sexual molestation; ‘‘(VI) unsolicited obscene material sent to a child; ‘‘(VII) misleading domain names; and ‘‘(VIII) misleading words or digital images on the Internet; and subsequently to make such reports available to the appropriate law enforcement agency for its review and potential investigation; ‘‘(ii) by operating a child victim identification program to assist law enforcement agencies in identifying victims of child pornography and other sexual crimes to support the recovery of children from sexually exploitative situations; and ‘‘(iii) by utilizing emerging technologies to provide additional outreach and educational materials to parents and families;’’, (J) by striking subparagraph (R), (K) by amending subparagraphs (S) and (T) to read as follows: ‘‘(S) develop and disseminate programs and information to families, child-serving profes-sionals, law enforcement agencies, State and local governments, nongovernmental organiza-tions, schools, local educational agencies, child- serving organizations, and the general public on— ‘‘(i) the prevention of child abduction and sexual exploitation; ‘‘(ii) Internet safety, including tips for social media and cyberbullying; and ‘‘(iii) sexting and sextortion; and ‘‘(T) provide technical assistance and training to local educational agencies, schools, State and local law enforcement agencies, individuals, and other nongovernmental organizations that assist with finding missing and abducted children in identifying and recovering such children.’’, and (L) by redesignating subparagraphs (H), (I), (J), (K), (N), (O), (Q), (S), (T), (U), and (V) as subparagraphs (E) through (O), respectively. 
SEC. 5. GRANTS. 
Section 405 of the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5775) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 403(1)(A))’’, and (B) in paragraph (8)— (i) by striking ‘‘legal custodians’’ and insert-ing ‘‘parents’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘custodians’’’ and inserting ‘‘parents’’’, and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘legal custodians’’ and inserting ‘‘parents’’. SEC. 6. REPORTING. 
The Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 407 and 408 as section 408 and 409, respectively, and (2) by inserting after section 406 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 407. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED REPORTING .—As a condition of receiving funds under section 404(b), the grant recipient shall, based solely on reports received by the grantee and not involving any data col-lection by the grantee other than those reports, annually provide to the Administrator and make available to the general public, as appropriate— ‘‘(1) the number of children nationwide who are reported to the grantee as missing; ‘‘(2) the number of children nationwide who are reported to the grantee as victims of non- family abductions; ‘‘(3) the number of children nationwide who are reported to the grantee as victims of family abductions; and ‘‘(4) the number of missing children recovered nationwide whose recovery was reported to the grantee. ‘‘(b) I
NCIDENCE OF ATTEMPTED CHILD ABDUC -
TIONS .—As a condition of receiving funds under section 404(b), the grant recipient shall— ‘‘(1) track the incidence of attempted child ab-ductions in order to identify links and patterns; ‘‘(2) provide such information to law enforce-ment agencies; and ‘‘(3) make such information available to the general public, as appropriate.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1808. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1808, the Improving Support for Miss-ing and Exploited Children Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, as a father, I cannot imagine the horror moms and dads in this country experience when they dis-cover one of their children has been taken, abused, or exploited. Sadly, that is a nightmare for hundreds of thou-sands of parents in this country. Last year alone, there were more than 465,000 reports of missing children, and those are just the cases that were re-ported. The well-being of America’s children has long been a national priority. In 1984, Congress established the Missing and Exploited Children’s Program to help coordinate State and local efforts to recover children who are missing and better protect and support kids who are victims of abuse and exploi-tation. As part of that program, we provide a grant that is used to support the work of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, known as NCMEC. For more than 30 years, NCMEC has worked to provide help to people across the country, partnering with parents, law enforcement, nonprofits, and other public and private entities in an effort to recover, protect, and support miss-ing and exploited children and their families. We are here today to ensure this supportive work continues. H.R. 1808 updates and streamlines the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, making positive changes that will en-able us to strengthen our efforts. This includes reforms that encourage and increase public awareness of new and innovative ways to recover and protect missing and exploited children. The bill better protects the growing number of children who go missing from State care or are victims of sex trafficking, while also providing trans-parency surrounding recovery and pre-vention efforts. In recent years, some of the advances in technology have, un-fortunately, made it easier for kids to be victimized and exploited. H.R. 1808 ensures the law aimed at recovering and protecting exploited children is able to effectively identify and locate today’s abductors and criminal offend-ers, many of whom are turning to more modern techniques to commit their disturbing crimes. The Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act of 2017 de-livers important reforms that will pro-vide the tools needed to effectively serve vulnerable youth, help bring per-petrators to justice, and ensure tax-payer dollars are spent responsibly. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1808. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 1808 to amend and improve the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act. Mr. Speaker, again, it is an honor to stand with my friend, Mr. G
UTHRIE , in bipartisan support of this legislation which, again, makes some important changes to the existing law for the Center for Missing & Exploited Chil-dren, as my friend said, a program which was created in 1984. Sadly, it has not finished its mission. Again, the FBI reports every year there are about 460,000 reports of miss-ing children, and despite the best ef-forts of programs which NCMEC has operated over the many years, which include hotlines and public informa-tion campaigns, again, this is still a scourge which afflicts many families all across the country in Republican, Democratic, rural, suburban, and urban areas. Again, this bill will basically update and modernize the language of the act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.011 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4455 May 23, 2017 
to recognize that there are new forms of threats and risks to minor children, such as human trafficking and online predators. b1415 So it does three essential things: Number one, it incorporates new ter-minology to align the law with these new threats, which I mentioned above, and strengthens protections for chil-dren at risk. Number two, it clarifies that NCMEC is a nonprofit entity, which is an issue that has been ensnared in the courts. And, again, Congress’ passage and en-actment of this bill will clarify this critical issue. And, lastly, it clarifies that NCMEC is a resource that provides technical assistance not just to law enforcement, but to families, community groups, schools, and the public at large. Mr. Speaker, this last aspect of the bill is critically important. Last year, Congress passed Public Law 114–184, which President Obama signed into law, the Recovering Missing Children’s Act. It was a measure which I cospon-sored with Mr. P
AULSEN from Min-nesota. This bill actually gave State and local police another tool in terms of re-covering missing children. Incredibly, the Tax Code prevented State and local law enforcement from getting access to tax returns from adults who actually had abducted children. So, incredibly, those adults were claiming these children, who were in their illegal custody, as a tax credit and a tax exemption, but State and local officials were barred by privacy provisions in the IRS code from actu-ally accessing that information. So, on the one hand, you had one arm of gov-ernment out looking for children and you had another arm of government who knew exactly where they were based on the tax returns which were filed. Again, NCMEC is in the process of trying to disseminate this new tool, which an audit of the IRS dem-onstrated that there are roughly 2,000 tax returns a year where adult individ-uals are actually claiming children as a tax deduction, obviously, with their residence and identity included. So, again, that is just another exam-ple of why we need to update and mod-ernize the law. I would just indicate on a personal level, my wife, Audrey, is a pediatric nurse practitioner. She works at the Children’s Medical Center in Hartford, Connecticut. She is involved in a spe-cialty clinic that helps children of sex abuse and human trafficking. She said that NCMEC is a frequent flier in their office. In the really important work that she and her colleagues do, they constantly use NCMEC as a way of try-ing to assist law enforcement in terms of helping children who are in these situations of human trafficking and who have been victims of online use of images, which is about as low a de-praved activity that is out there right now. So, again, the work of this center, I can attest to from a personal level, is extremely important. This legislation will update, mod-ernize, and give tools to make sure that all of the good guys out there—the local State police and the folks in the healthcare sector—can really do every-thing they can to help families in this really terrible, horrific situation. So, again, I applaud my colleague from Kentucky for his great work, as well as Chairwoman FOXXand Ranking Member S
COTT for bringing this legis-lation forward. It passed unanimously in committee. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all of my colleagues in the House to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I echo my support, and I enjoy working with my friend, the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), the chairman of the Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to speak on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1808, the Improving Support for Miss-ing and Exploited Children Act of 2017. For more than 30 years, the National Center for Missing & Exploited Chil-dren, or NCMEC, has operated a unique public-private partnership in order to build a national response to crimes af-fecting those we cherish most: our chil-dren. I am grateful that the bill maintains language that I supported, which grants NCMEC the authority to pro-vide technical assistance to law en-forcement agencies and first responders in identifying and recovering victims of child sex trafficking. During the committee’s hearing in March, we heard from NCMEC’s direc-tor on how their ability to provide technical assistance has allowed them to work in tandem with law enforce-ment to recover numerous child sex trafficking victims. Mr. Speaker, we all look forward to the day when no children are ever taken and abused, and this bill helps ensure NCMEC has the tools to get us one step closer to that goal. I appreciate the bipartisan effort on this, and I urge all my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), a city which has been really challenged with this issue. I know she has been doing great work and has very powerful thoughts and arguments to make today regarding this legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me this time, and I am pleased to support this bipartisan bill, the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act. I support it because it does exactly what its title says. It fills the gaps in our prior legislation on missing and ex-ploited children. We need to look at such legislation very often because of what we are learning about missing and exploited children. There are many parts of this bill I support, but I particularly support a provision that we didn’t have nearly as much knowledge of during the passage of the last bill: to improve the protec-tion of children in State care. These are often foster children or children without parents. These are the children who may be most susceptible to traf-ficking and other exploitation. I certainly would appreciate the ef-forts of the committee in making sure that provisions of my bill that, I be-lieve, got to you too late, are included in the final House and Senate bill be-cause they are entirely consistent with the bill on the floor today. They come from recent experience of the District of Columbia. The D.C. police began to do some-thing, which I urge all of you to do, and that is to use social media to let people know when there are missing children. It unnerved residents of the District of Columbia until they recognized that the city didn’t have any more missing children than any other jurisdiction. Still, I support what the District did in using social media. Still, we simply don’t know enough. My provisions would have the gov-ernment collect subsets of data that it does not collect today. For example, we found in the District that there were more missing girls of color than boys. We ought to have known that from na-tional statistics. You don’t know it be-cause there are no national statistics on the subsets of children. My bill would collect and publish de-mographic characteristics that simply are not published today on race, gen-der, sexual orientation, and gender identity. If you think of those cat-egories, you will understand why these may be the children in particular need of protection. In addition, there is no current com-prehensive count of missing children in the United States. So, we need more work on this bill. We need to break down to these subsets so that jurisdic-tions, like my own, will know where to focus when we are focusing on missing children. Again, I am pleased that the District turned out not to have any more miss-ing children than the average jurisdic-tion, but I am also pleased that it got a rise out of people who never would have paid attention to this issue until the police department decided to go on social media. We want to make sure that we cover all of our children and that we do what this bill does. What are the gaps? Where do we need to fill in? Mr. Speaker, this is the first bill on missing children in a number of years. We must make sure no children are left behind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.035 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4456 May 23, 2017 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE), the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1808, the Improving Support for Missing and Ex-ploited Children Act, which improves the Missing Children’s Assistance Act. Mr. Speaker, this Thursday is Na-tional Missing Children’s Day. I can’t imagine the pain and suffering that oc-curs when a child goes missing. I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation, and I am proud of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce for its work on this important issue. This legislation strengthens existing efforts to help recover missing children and prevents more children from being victims of abuse and exploitation. This bill also includes a provision to incorporate developing technologies re-lated to the reporting of child exploi-tation. This provision was a result of an idea shared by a constituent of mine, Michael Reed. His wife was a vic-tim of abuse as a child, and he has de-voted his life to making sure other children have a voice and the ability to report the abuse that they are experi-encing. I am committed to ensuring that Congress is working to protect these children. Mr. Speaker, I thank both sides of the aisle on the Education and the Workforce Committee, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and a strong proponent of this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1808, the Improving Support for Miss-ing and Exploited Children Act. This bill will strengthen recovery and pre-vention efforts of missing and ex-ploited children by renewing and up-dating support for the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, or NCMEC. The terror experienced by parents of a missing child is unfathomable. Both the child and the parents experience pain, trauma, fear, and uncertainty. This is why affected families need the full support of law enforcement, schools, businesses, and other entities that may be able to assist in locating and recovering missing or exploited children. In 2013, Congress reauthorized the Missing Children’s Assistance Act and updated the role of NCMEC. The orga-nization was required, at that time, to coordinate with the Interagency Coun-cil on Homelessness in order to address the high number of sex trafficking vic-tims who were homeless youth. Now, in 2017, Congress is including several additional improvements. As this bill heads to the Senate, I will work with my colleagues in both Chambers to improve the reporting of characteristics of children trafficked as it relates to the Office of Juvenile Justice’s triennial incidence of missing children study. Mr. Speaker, despite the best efforts of NCMEC, more than 10,000 children go missing each year, and scores of chil-dren are forced into sexual exploitation and trafficking. I am hopeful that the enactment of these initiatives will as-sist in the efforts to end exploitation and trafficking. I am also hopeful that Congress will empower the work of NCMEC by appropriate funding in fis-cal year 2018 and above. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. MITCHELL ), my friend and a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Improving Sup-port for Missing and Exploited Children Act. My wife and I have six children. Our youngest is just 7 years old. We would do anything to protect them. I can’t even imagine the pain of having a child go missing, or to learn that they have been hurt or abused in any manner. Tragically, this is a reality for far too many children and too many fami-lies in America. Last year, there were more than 465,000 reports of missing children in the United States. To put that number in perspective, about 700,000 people live in Michigan’s 10th Congressional District, my home. Even one child going missing or being abused is too many. We must rec-ognize the seriousness of this problem and we must do everything we can to protect our children. This important bill will assist NCMEC in locating missing children and in identifying abductors. It will help prevent children from becoming the victims of exploitation online and increase awareness about how to re-cover missing children. Mr. Speaker, today we come together to support America’s children. I am proud to be a sponsor of this legisla-tion, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ), an out-standing member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. I proudly stand today in support of H.R. 1808, the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act. This bipartisan legislation reflects both Democrats’ and Republicans’ de-sire to protect and care for our great-est resource: our children. In my home State of North Carolina, the trafficking of young women has be-come an epidemic. There were 181 human trafficking cases reported in North Carolina in 2016, and Charlotte was home to more of them than any-where else. b1430 That figure gave us the dishonor of being ranked among the top 10 States in the Nation in the number of traf-ficking reports, and that doesn’t even account for those children who have not yet been identified as victims of this shameful practice. In North Carolina, lawmakers have sponsored efforts to establish pilot pro-grams to help victims and train law en-forcement to recognize the signs of trafficking. It is time Congress does its part and passes H.R. 1808 to support States in their efforts. This bill would improve efforts by both law enforcement and the general public to combat trafficking, and it would enhance the identification and location of missing children and their abductors. It would protect children from being victims to online predators and keep a promise that was made 33 years ago, when Congress first passed the Missing Children’s Assistance Act and we vowed to assist the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children in pro-tecting and recovering our missing and vulnerable youth. I am a parent, I am a grandparent, Mr. Speaker, and I am a concerned member of my community; and my dis-trict and my State have been torn apart by human trafficking. This is an opportunity for us to come together as Americans and support an initiative that could save lives. I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 1808 and prove that we can all put politics aside when it comes to protecting our chil-dren. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the distin-guished chairwoman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. G
UTHRIE , for his great work on handling this bill today and on the bill itself. No child should live in fear, Mr. Speaker, and yet every year hundreds of thousands of children across the country are abducted, abused, or ex-ploited. The safety of America’s chil-dren has long been a national priority. That is why I stand here today in strong support of H.R. 1808, the Improv-ing Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act. In 1984, Congress passed the Missing Children’s Assistance Act and estab-lished a grant to enhance our country’s efforts to find missing children and prevent child exploitation. For more than 30 years, the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, also known as NCMEC, has used the grant to coordinate a national response to crises and crimes affecting America’s most vulnerable children. Through unique public-private part-nerships, NCMEC works with families, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.037 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4457 May 23, 2017 
law enforcement, schools, community leaders, and nonprofits in its efforts to find children who are missing and pro-tect youth who are victims of sexual exploitation. The reforms in the Improving Sup-port for Missing and Exploited Children Act will ensure the vital work of recov-ering and supporting vulnerable youth is able to continue, reuniting more families with their loved ones and help-ing victims receive the support they desperately need. This is a bill that de-livers the reforms needed to save lives. I am also proud to say it is a bill with strong bipartisan support. At the opening of NCMEC, former President Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘No single sector of our Nation can solve the problem of missing and ex-ploited children alone. But by working together, pooling our resources, and building on our strengths, we can ac-complish great things.’’ ‘‘Together we can turn the tide on these hateful crimes. . . .’’ Together we can turn the tide. The work our colleagues, Representatives G
UTHRIE and C OURTNEY , have done to get this important bill to the House floor demonstrates the type of collabo-ration President Reagan spoke of on that day at the opening of the NCMEC. And the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act isn’t the only bill we have been able to reach across the aisle on and deliver reforms that will help vulnerable youth. Working together, we are also ad-vancing positive bipartisan solutions in H.R. 1809, the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017. This bill aims at assisting a different kind of vulnerable youth, ensuring kids who find themselves in the juvenile justice system have an op-portunity to turn their lives around and achieve success. Every child deserves an opportunity to make a change for the better, if that child has made a mistake. By working together to develop the Juvenile Jus-tice Reform Act of 2017, my colleagues, Representatives L
EWIS and S COTT, have put forward a bill that will help ensure at-risk youth are afforded an oppor-tunity to do just that. Both of these bills renew the commit-ment we have made to help and protect our Nation’s most vulnerable children. All of these reforms will make a real difference in the lives of countless chil-dren, young adults, parents, and fami-lies across the country. I am proud of the bipartisan work we have been able to accomplish. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. GUTHRIE. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. FOXX. I want to thank Rep-resentative S
COTT, as well as Rep-resentatives L
EWIS, G UTHRIE , and C
OURTNEY for their leadership on these issues. I urge our fellow colleagues to support the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAUL-
SEN), a good friend of mine who, in his work on the Ways and Means Com-mittee, has been focused on and dedi-cated to this issue. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on this on a bipartisan basis with Mr. C
OURTNEY . I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1808, the Improving Support for Miss-ing and Exploited Children Act. This important initiative, it builds on the bipartisan work we have already ac-complished to combat sex trafficking and child exploitation. Since its creation in 1984, the Na-tional Center for Missing & Exploited Children has worked tirelessly to pro-tect children from being exploited, to reunite missing children with their families, and to provide resources and training to our law enforcement com-munity to help assist in this effort. This legislation today will assist the Center in strengthening its prevention and its recovery programs. One of those programs is the CyberTipline which, since being launched in 1998, has received 12.7 million reports of sus-pected child sexual exploitation. It is programs like this, Mr. Speaker, that go a long way to helping us save lives and put an end to sexual exploitation and trafficking of children. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In summary, we have heard again a very broad-based bipartisan chorus of voices in support of this legislation. Again, like in committee, hopefully, all of us will stand together to support this really important update to making sure that families get all the help, and law enforcement get all the help, that they need to eliminate the scourge of this problem. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I had the opportunity to visit the Center, and the building that I got to go visit was full of men and women who show up every day, who do excep-tional work dealing with the disturbing issues, and so my hat is off to them. They deal with stuff that is just un-imaginable to most of us, and they do it in a way that is dignified and in a way that is well worthy of the effort that we are giving them to give more transparency and empower them to help more. I really appreciate working with my friend, Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1808 is a bi-partisan proposal, and I urge my col-leagues to support the Improving Sup-port for Missing and Exploited Children Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1808, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
VETERANS APPEALS IMPROVE-MENT AND MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2288) to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for bene-fits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2288 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REFORM OF RIGHTS AND PROCESSES RE-LATING TO APPEALS OF DECISIONS REGARDING CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 101 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(34) The term ‘agency of original jurisdic-tion’ means the activity which entered the original determination with regard to a claim for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(35) The term ‘relevant evidence’ means evidence that tends to prove or disprove a matter in issue. ‘‘(36) The term ‘supplemental claim’ means any claim for benefits under laws adminis-tered by the Secretary filed by a claimant who had previously filed a claim for the same or similar benefits on the same or simi-lar basis.’’. (b) N
OTICE REGARDING CLAIMS .—Section 5103(a) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), the’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(i) by striking ‘‘, a claim for reopening a prior decision on a claim, or a claim for an increase in bene-fits;’’ and inserting ‘‘or a supplemental claim;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The requirement to provide notice under paragraph (1) shall not apply with re-spect to a supplemental claim that is filed within the timeframe set forth in subpara-graphs (B) and (D) of section 5110(a)(2) of this title.’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF RULEREGARDING DIS-
ALLOWED CLAIMS .—Section 5103A(f) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘reopen’’ and inserting ‘‘re-adjudicate’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘material’’ and inserting ‘‘relevant’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF DUTY TOASSIST  C
LAIMANTS .—Section 5103A of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (g) through (i), re-spectively; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.038 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4458 May 23, 2017 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF DUTY TO ASSIST .—(1) The Secretary’s duty to assist under this section shall apply only to a claim, or sup-plemental claim, for a benefit under a law administered by the Secretary until the time that a claimant is provided notice of the agency of original jurisdiction’s decision with respect to such claim, or supplemental claim, under section 5104 of this title. ‘‘(2) The Secretary’s duty to assist under this section shall not apply to higher level review by the agency of original jurisdiction, pursuant to section 5104B of this title, or to review on appeal by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. ‘‘(f) C
ORRECTION OF DUTY TO ASSIST ER-
RORS .—(1) If, during review of the agency of original jurisdiction decision under section 5104B of this title, the higher level adjudi-cator identifies or learns of an error on the part of the agency of original jurisdiction to satisfy its duties under this section, and that error occurred prior to the agency of original jurisdiction decision being reviewed, unless the claim can be granted in full, the higher level adjudicator shall return the claim for correction of such error and readjudication. ‘‘(2)(A) If the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, during review on appeal of an agency of original jurisdiction decision, identifies or learns of an error on the part of the agency of original jurisdiction to satisfy its duties under this section, and that error occurred prior to the agency of original jurisdiction decision on appeal, unless the claim can be granted in full, the Board shall remand the claim to the agency of original jurisdiction for correction of such error and readjudica-tion. ‘‘(B) Remand for correction of such error may include directing the agency of original jurisdiction to obtain an advisory medical opinion under section 5109 of this title. ‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to imply that the Secretary, dur-ing the consideration of a claim, does not have a duty to correct an error described in paragraph (1) or (2) that was erroneously not identified during higher level review or dur-ing review on appeal with respect to the claim.’’. (e) D
ECISIONS AND NOTICES OF DECISIONS .— Subsection (b) of section 5104 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) Each notice provided under subsection (a) shall also include all of the following: ‘‘(1) Identification of the issues adju-dicated. ‘‘(2) A summary of the evidence considered by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) A summary of the applicable laws and regulations. ‘‘(4) Identification of findings favorable to the claimant. ‘‘(5) In the case of a denial of a claim, iden-tification of elements not satisfied leading to the denial. ‘‘(6) An explanation of how to obtain or ac-cess evidence used in making the decision. ‘‘(7) If applicable, identification of the cri-teria that must be satisfied to grant service connection or the next higher level of com-pensation.’’. (f) B
INDING NATURE OF FAVORABLE FIND-
INGS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 51 of such title is amended by inserting after section 5104 the following new section: ‘‘§ 5104A. Binding nature of favorable findings ‘‘Any finding favorable to the claimant as described in section 5104(b)(4) of this title shall be binding on all subsequent adjudica-tors within the Department, unless clear and convincing evidence is shown to the contrary to rebut such favorable finding.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5104 the following new item: ‘‘5104A. Binding nature of favorable find-ings.’’. (g) H
IGHER LEVEL REVIEW BY AGENCY OF  O
RIGINAL JURISDICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (f), is further amend-ed by inserting after section 5104A, as added by such subsection, the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 5104B. Higher level review by the agency of original jurisdiction ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) A claimant may re-quest a review of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction by a higher level ad-judicator within the agency of original juris-diction. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall approve each re-quest for review under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) T
IME AND MANNER OF REQUEST .—(1) A request for higher level review by the agency of original jurisdiction shall be— ‘‘(A) in writing in such form as the Sec-retary may prescribe; and ‘‘(B) made within one year of the notice of the agency of original jurisdiction’s decision. ‘‘(2) Such request may specifically indicate whether such review is requested by a higher level adjudicator at the same office within the agency of original jurisdiction or by an adjudicator at a different office of the agen-cy of original jurisdiction. The Secretary shall not deny such a request for review by an adjudicator at a different office of the agency of original jurisdiction without good cause. ‘‘(c) D
ECISION .—Notice of a higher level re-view decision under this section shall be pro-vided in writing and shall include a general statement— ‘‘(1) reflecting whether evidence was not considered pursuant to subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) noting the options available to the claimant to have the evidence described in paragraph (1), if any, considered by the De-partment. ‘‘(d) E
VIDENTIARY RECORD FOR REVIEW .— The evidentiary record before the higher level adjudicator shall be limited to the evi-dence of record in the agency of original ju-risdiction decision being reviewed. ‘‘(e) D
ENOVOREVIEW .—A review of the de-cision of the agency of original jurisdiction by a higher level adjudicator within the agency of original jurisdiction shall be de novo.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (f), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5104A, as added by such subsection, the following new item: ‘‘5104B. Higher level review by the agency of original jurisdiction.’’. (h) O
PTIONS FOLLOWING DECISION BY AGEN-
CY OF ORIGINAL JURISDICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (g), is further amend-ed by inserting after section 5104B, as added by such subsection, the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 5104C. Options following decision by agen-cy of original jurisdiction ‘‘(a) W
ITHIN ONEYEAR OF DECISION .—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), in any case in which the Secretary renders a decision on a claim, the claimant may take any of the fol-lowing actions on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision with respect to that claim: ‘‘(A) File a request for higher level review under section 5104B of this title. ‘‘(B) File a supplemental claim under sec-tion 5108 of this title. ‘‘(C) File a notice of disagreement under section 7105 of this title. ‘‘(2)(A) Once a claimant takes an action set forth in paragraph (1), the claimant may not take another action set forth in that para-graph with respect to such claim until— ‘‘(i) the higher level review, supplemental claim, or notice of disagreement is adju-dicated; or ‘‘(ii) the request for higher level review, supplemental claim, or notice of disagree-ment is withdrawn. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this subsection shall pro-hibit a claimant from taking any of the ac-tions set forth in paragraph (1) in succession with respect to different issues contained within a claim. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this subsection shall pro-hibit a claimant from taking different ac-tions set forth in paragraph (1) with respect to different claims. ‘‘(D) The Secretary may, as the Secretary considers appropriate, develop and imple-ment a policy for claimants who— ‘‘(i) take an action under paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) wish to withdraw the action before the higher level review, supplemental claim, or notice of disagreement is adjudicated; and ‘‘(iii) in lieu of such action take a different action under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) MORE THAN ONEYEAR AFTER DECI-
SION.—In any case in which the Secretary renders a decision on a claim and more than one year has passed since the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision with respect to that claim, the claimant may file a supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title. ‘‘(c) B
OARD OF VETERANS ’ APPEALS AND  C
OURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS .— Nothing in subsection (a) or (b) may be con-strued to limit the options available to a claimant pursuant to chapter 71 or 72 of this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (g), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5104B, as added by such subsection, the following new item: ‘‘5104C. Options following decision by agency of original jurisdiction.’’. (i) S
UPPLEMENTAL CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5108 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 5108. Supplemental claims ‘‘If new and relevant evidence is presented or secured with respect to a supplemental claim, the Secretary shall readjudicate the claim taking into consideration any evi-dence added to the record after the former disposition of the claim.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5108 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘5108. Supplemental claims.’’. (j) R
EMAND TOOBTAIN ADVISORY MEDICAL  O
PINION .—Section 5109 of such title is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Board of Veterans’ Appeals shall remand a claim to direct the agency of original jurisdiction to obtain an advisory medical opinion from an independent med-ical expert under this section if the Board finds that the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion should have exercised its discretion to obtain such an opinion. ‘‘(2) The Board’s remand instructions shall include the questions to be posed to the inde-pendent medical expert providing the advi-sory medical opinion.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4459 May 23, 2017 
(k) R ESTATEMENT OF REQUIREMENT FOR EX-
PEDITED TREATMENT OF REMANDED CLAIMS .— Section 5109B of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 5109B. Expedited treatment of remanded claims ‘‘The Secretary shall take such actions as may be necessary to provide for the expedi-tious treatment by the Veterans Benefits Administration of any claim that is returned by a higher level adjudicator under section 5104B of this title or remanded by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals.’’. (l) E
FFECTIVE DATES OF AWARDS .—Section 5110 of title 38, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a)(1) Unless specifically provided other-wise in this chapter, the effective date of an award based on an initial claim, or a supple-mental claim, of compensation, dependency and indemnity compensation, or pension, shall be fixed in accordance with the facts found, but shall not be earlier than the date of receipt of application therefor. ‘‘(2) For purposes of determining the effec-tive date of an award under this section, the date of application shall be considered the date of the filing of the initial application for a benefit if the claim is continuously pur-sued by filing any of the following, either alone or in succession: ‘‘(A) A request for higher level review under section 5104B of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision. ‘‘(B) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision. ‘‘(C) A notice of disagreement on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision. ‘‘(D) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the Board of Veterans’ Appeals issues a decision. ‘‘(E) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims issues a deci-sion. ‘‘(3) Except as otherwise provided in this section, for supplemental claims received more than one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issued a decision or the Board of Veterans’ Appeals issued a decision, the effective date shall be fixed in accordance with the facts found, but shall not be earlier than the date of receipt of the supplemental claim.’’; and (2) in subsection (i), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘reopened’’ and inserting ‘‘readjudicated’’; (B) by striking ‘‘material’’ and inserting ‘‘relevant’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘reopening’’ and inserting ‘‘readjudication’’. (m) D
EFINITION OF AWARD OR INCREASED  A
WARD FOR PURPOSES OF PROVISIONS RELAT -
ING TO COMMENCEMENT OF PERIOD OF PAY-
MENT .—Section 5111(d)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or reopened award’’ and inserting ‘‘award or award based on a supplemental claim’’. (n) M
ODIFICATION ON LIMITATION ON FEES A
LLOWABLE FOR REPRESENTATION .—Section 5904(c) of such title is amended, in para-graphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘notice of dis-agreement is filed’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘claimant is provided notice of the agency of original jurisdiction’s initial decision under section 5104 of this title’’. (o) C
LARIFICATION OF BOARD OF VETERANS ’ A
PPEALS REFERRAL REQUIREMENTS AFTER  ORDER FOR RECONSIDERATION OF DECISIONS .— Section 7103(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘heard’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘decided’’. (p) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  R
EADJUDICATION .—Section 7104(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘reopened’’ and inserting ‘‘readjudicated’’. (q) M
ODIFICATION OF PROCEDURES FOR AP-
PEALS TO BOARD OF VETERANS ’ APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7105 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking the first sentence and inserting ‘‘Appellate review shall be initiated by the filing of a notice of disagreement in the form prescribed by the Secretary.’’; and (B) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1)(A) Except in the case of simulta-neously contested claims, notice of disagree-ment shall be filed within one year from the date of the mailing of notice of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction pursu-ant to section 5104, 5104B, or 5108 of this title. ‘‘(B) A notice of disagreement postmarked before the expiration of the 1-year period shall be accepted as timely filed. ‘‘(C) A question as to timeliness or ade-quacy of the notice of disagreement shall be decided by the Board. ‘‘(2)(A) Notices of disagreement shall be in writing, shall identify the specific deter-mination with which the claimant disagrees, and may be filed by the claimant, the claim-ant’s legal guardian, or such accredited rep-resentative, attorney, or authorized agent as may be selected by the claimant or legal guardian. ‘‘(B) Not more than one recognized organi-zation, attorney, or agent may be recognized at any one time in the prosecution of a claim. ‘‘(C) Notices of disagreement shall be filed with the Board. ‘‘(3) The notice of disagreement shall indi-cate whether the claimant requests— ‘‘(A) a hearing before the Board, which shall include an opportunity to submit evi-dence in accordance with section 7113(b) of this title; ‘‘(B) an opportunity to submit additional evidence without a hearing before the Board, which shall include an opportunity to submit evidence in accordance with section 7113(c) of this title; or ‘‘(C) a review by the Board without a hear-ing or the submittal of additional evidence. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may develop a policy to permit a claimant to modify the information identified in the notice of disagreement after the notice of disagreement has been filed under this section pursuant to such require-ments as the Secretary may prescribe.’’; (C) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) If no notice of disagreement is filed in accordance with this chapter within the pre-scribed period, the action or decision of the agency of original jurisdiction shall become final and the claim shall not thereafter be readjudicated or allowed, except as may oth-erwise be provided by section 5104B or 5108 of this title or such regulations as are con-sistent with this title.’’; (D) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) The Board of Veterans’ Appeals may dismiss any appeal which fails to identify the specific determination with which the claimant disagrees.’’; (E) by striking subsection (e); and (F) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ no- tice of disagreement and’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7105 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘7105. Filing of appeal.’’. (r) MODIFICATION OF PROCEDURES AND RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR SIMULTANEOUSLY CONTESTED  C
LAIMS .—Subsection (b) of section 7105A of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) The substance of the notice of dis-agreement shall be communicated to the other party or parties in interest and a pe-riod of thirty days shall be allowed for filing a brief or argument in response thereto. ‘‘(2) Such notice shall be forwarded to the last known address of record of the parties concerned, and such action shall constitute sufficient evidence of notice.’’. (s) R
EPEAL OF PROCEDURES FOR ADMINIS -
TRATIVE APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking section 7106. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7106. (t) M
ODIFICATIONS RELATING TO APPEALS : D
OCKETS ; HEARINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7107 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7107. Appeals: dockets; hearings ‘‘(a) D
OCKETS .—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Board shall maintain at least two sepa-rate dockets. ‘‘(2) The Board may not maintain more than two separate dockets unless the Board notifies the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives of any additional docket, including a justification for maintaining such additional docket. ‘‘(3)(A) The Board may assign to each docket maintained under paragraph (1) such cases as the Board considers appropriate, ex-cept that cases described in clause (i) of sub-paragraph (B) may not be assigned to any docket to which cases described in clause (ii) of such paragraph are assigned. ‘‘(B) Cases described in this subparagraph are the following: ‘‘(i) Cases in which no Board hearing is re-quested and no additional evidence will be submitted. ‘‘(ii) Cases in which a Board hearing is re-quested in the notice of disagreement. ‘‘(4) Except as provided in subsection (b), each case before the Board will be decided in regular order according to its respective place on the docket to which it is assigned by the Board. ‘‘(b) A
DVANCEMENT ON THE DOCKET .—(1) A case on one of the dockets of the Board maintained under subsection (a) may, for cause shown, be advanced on motion for ear-lier consideration and determination. ‘‘(2) Any such motion shall set forth suc-cinctly the grounds upon which the motion is based. ‘‘(3) Such a motion may be granted only— ‘‘(A) if the case involves interpretation of law of general application affecting other claims; ‘‘(B) if the appellant is seriously ill or is under severe financial hardship; or ‘‘(C) for other sufficient cause shown. ‘‘(c) M
ANNER AND SCHEDULING OF HEARINGS  
FOR CASES ON DOCKET THAT MAYINCLUDE  H
EARING .—(1) For cases on a docket main-tained by the Board under subsection (a) that may include a hearing, in which a hear-ing is requested in the notice of disagree-ment, the Board shall notify the appellant whether a Board hearing will be held— ‘‘(A) at its principal location; or ‘‘(B) by picture and voice transmission at a facility of the Department where the Sec-retary has provided suitable facilities and equipment to conduct such hearings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4460 May 23, 2017 
‘‘(2)(A) Upon notification of a Board hear-ing at the Board’s principal location as de-scribed in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1), the appellant may alternatively request a hearing as described in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph. If so requested, the Board shall grant such request. ‘‘(B) Upon notification of a Board hearing by picture and voice transmission as de-scribed in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1), the appellant may alternatively request a hearing as described in subparagraph (A) of such paragraph. If so requested, the Board shall grant such request. ‘‘(d) S
CREENING OF CASES.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude the screening of cases for purposes of— ‘‘(1) determining the adequacy of the record for decisional purposes; or ‘‘(2) the development, or attempted devel-opment, of a record found to be inadequate for decisional purposes. ‘‘(e) P
OLICY ON CHANGING DOCKETS .—The Secretary may develop and implement a pol-icy allowing a claimant to move the claim-ant’s case from one docket to another dock-et.’’. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than the date that is 90 days before the date set forth in sub-section (x), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report set-ting forth a description of the docket that will be maintained under section 7107 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by para-graph (1), for cases in which no hearing be-fore the Board of Veterans’ Appeals is re-quested in the notice of disagreement but the appellant requests, in the notice of dis-agreement, an opportunity to submit addi-tional evidence. (u) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN AUTHORITY FOR  I
NDEPENDENT MEDICAL OPINIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7109 of such title is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5701(b)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or 7109’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7109. (v) C
LARIFICATION OF PROCEDURES FOR RE-
VIEW OF DECISIONS ON GROUNDS OF CLEAR AND  U
NMISTAKABLE ERROR .—Section 7111(e) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘, without referral to any adjudicative or hearing offi-cial acting on behalf of the Secretary’’. (w) E
VIDENTIARY RECORD BEFORE BOARD OF  V
ETERANS ’ APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7113. Evidentiary record before the Board of Veterans’ Appeals ‘‘(a) C
ASES WITHNOREQUEST FOR A HEAR-
ING OR ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE .—For cases in which a hearing before the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals is not requested in the notice of disagreement and no request was made to submit evidence, the evidentiary record be-fore the Board shall be limited to the evi-dence of record at the time of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction on appeal. ‘‘(b) C
ASES WITH A REQUEST FOR HEARING .— (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), for cases in which a hearing is requested in the notice of disagreement, the evidentiary record before the Board shall be limited to the evidence of record at the time of the de-cision of the agency of original jurisdiction on appeal. ‘‘(2) The evidentiary record before the Board for cases described in paragraph (1) shall include each of the following, which the Board shall consider in the first instance: ‘‘(A) Evidence submitted by the appellant and the representative of the appellant, if any, at the Board hearing. ‘‘(B) Evidence submitted by the appellant and the representative of the appellant, if any, within 90 days following the Board hear-ing. ‘‘(c) CASES WITHNOREQUEST FOR A HEAR-
ING AND WITH A REQUEST FOR ADDITIONAL  E
VIDENCE .—(1) Except as provided in para-graph (2), for cases in which a hearing is not requested in the notice of disagreement but an opportunity to submit evidence is re-quested, the evidentiary record before the Board shall be limited to the evidence con-sidered by the agency of original jurisdiction in the decision on appeal. ‘‘(2) The evidentiary record before the Board for cases described in paragraph (1) shall include each of the following, which the Board shall consider in the first instance: ‘‘(A) Evidence submitted by the appellant and the representative of the appellant, if any, with the notice of disagreement. ‘‘(B) Evidence submitted by the appellant and the representative of the appellant, if any, within 90 days following receipt of the notice of disagreement.’’. (2) N
OTIFICATION WHEN EVIDENCE NOT CON -
SIDERED .—Section 7104(d) of such title is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) a general statement— ‘‘(A) reflecting whether evidence was not considered in making the decision because the evidence was received at a time when not permitted under section 7113 of this title; and ‘‘(B) noting such options as may be avail-able for having the evidence considered by the Department; and’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7112 the following new item: ‘‘7113. Evidentiary record before the Board of Veterans’ Appeals.’’. (x) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to all claims for which notice of a decision under section 5104 of title 38, United States Code, is provided by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs on or after the later of— (A) the date that is 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives— (i) a certification that the Secretary con-firms, without delegation, that the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs has the resources, personnel, office space, procedures, and in-formation technology required— (I) to carry out the modernized appeals system; and (II) to timely address both appeals of deci-sions on legacy claims and appeals under the modernized appeals system; and (ii) a description of the collaboration con-ducted under paragraph (2) in making such certification, including the views of the or-ganizations and stakeholders specified in such paragraph. (2) C
OLLABORATION .—In determining wheth-er and when to make a certification under paragraph (1)(B)(i), the Secretary shall col-laborate with, partner with, and give weight to the advice of the three veterans service organizations with the most members and such other stakeholders as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) EARLY APPLICABILITY .—The Secretary may apply the modernized appeals system to a claim with respect to which the claimant— (A) receives a notice of a decision under section 5104 of such title after the date of the enactment of this Act and before the applica-bility date set forth in paragraph (1); and (B) elects to subject the claim to the mod-ernized appeals system. (4) P
HASED ROLLOUT .—The Secretary may begin implementation of the modernized ap-peals system in phases, with the first phase of such phased implementation beginning on the applicability date set forth in paragraph (1). (5) L
EGACY CLAIMS .—With respect to legacy claims, upon the issuance to a claimant of a statement of the case or a supplemental statement of the case occurring on or after the applicability date specified in paragraph (1), a claimant may elect to participate in the modernized appeals system. (6) P
UBLICATION OF APPLICABILITY DATE .— Not later than the date on which the mod-ernized appeals system goes into effect (or the first phase of the modernized appeals system goes into effect under paragraph (4), as the case may be), the Secretary shall pub-lish in the Federal Register such date. 
SEC. 3. COMPREHENSIVE PLAN AND REPORTS FOR PROCESSING OF LEGACY AP-PEALS AND IMPLEMENTING MOD-ERNIZED APPEALS SYSTEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives, and the Comptroller General of the United States a comprehensive plan for— (1) the number of resolutions for appeals of decisions on legacy claims that the Sec-retary considers pending; (2) implementing the modernized appeals system; and (3) timely processing, under the modern-ized appeals system, of— (A) supplemental claims under section 5108 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(i); (B) requests for higher level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by sec-tion 2(g); and (C) appeals on any docket maintained under section 7107 of such title, as amended by section 2(t). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) An estimate (including a detailed de-scription of the bases the Secretary uses to develop such estimate) of the— (A) numbers of appeals and the timeliness of deciding appeals under the modernized ap-peals system, including such number under each docket described in section 7107 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by sec-tion 2; and (B) numbers of appeals of decisions on leg-acy claims and the timeliness of deciding such appeals. (2) Delineation of the total resource re-quirements of the Veterans Benefits Admin-istration and the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, disaggregated by resources required to im-plement and administer the modernized ap-peals system and resources required to ad-dress the appeals of decisions on legacy claims. (3) Delineation of the personnel require-ments of the Administration and the Board, including staffing levels during the— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4461 May 23, 2017 
(A) period in which the Administration and the Board are concurrently processing— (i) appeals of decisions on legacy claims; and (ii) appeals of decisions on nonlegacy claims under the modernized appeals system; and (B) the period during which the Adminis-tration and the Board are no longer proc-essing any appeals of decisions on legacy claims. (4) Identification of the legal authorities under which the Administration or the Board may— (A) hire additional employees to conduct the concurrent processing described in para-graph (2)(A); and (B) remove employees who are no longer required by the Administration or the Board once the Administration and the Board are no longer processing any appeals of decisions on legacy claims. (5) An estimate of the amount of time the Administration and the Board will require to hire additional employees as described in paragraph (3)(A) once funding has been made available for such purpose, including a com-parison of such estimate and the historical average time required by the Administration and the Board to hire additional employees. (6) A description of the modifications to the information technology systems of the Administration and the Board that the Ad-ministration and the Board require to carry out the modernized appeals system, includ-ing cost estimates and a timeline for making the modifications. (7) An estimate of the office space the Ad-ministration and the Board will require dur-ing each of the periods described in para-graph (2), including— (A) an estimate of the amount of time the Administration and the Board will require to acquire any additional office space to carry out processing of appeals of decisions on leg-acy claims and processing of appeals under the modernized appeals system; (B) a comparison of the estimate under subparagraph (A) and the historical average time required by the Administration and the Board to acquire new office space; and (C) a plan for using telework to accommo-date staff exceeding available office space, including how the Administration and the Board will provide training and oversight with respect to such teleworking. (8) Projections for the productivity of indi-vidual employees at the Administration and the Board in carrying out tasks relating to the processing of appeals of decisions on leg-acy claims and appeals under the modernized appeals system, taking into account the ex-perience level of new employees and the en-hanced notice requirements under section 5104(b) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(e). (9) An outline of the outreach the Sec-retary expects to conduct to inform vet-erans, families of veterans, survivors of vet-erans, veterans service organizations, mili-tary service organizations, congressional caseworkers, advocates for veterans, and such other stakeholders as the Secretary considers appropriate about the modernized appeals system, including— (A) a description of the resources required to conduct such outreach; and (B) timelines for such outreach. (10) Identification of and a timeline for— (A) any training that may be required as a result of hiring new employees to carry out the modernized appeals system or to process appeals of decisions on legacy claims; and (B) any retraining of existing employees that may be required to carry out such sys-tem or to process such claims. (11) Identification of— (A) the costs to the Department of the training identified under paragraph (10) and any additional training staff and any addi-tional training facilities that will be re-quired to provide such training; and (B) any issues relating to how the hiring and training procedures of the Department may change because of unplanned cir-cumstances (including with respect to delays in developing an information technology sys-tem to process appeals under the modernized appeals system) relating to carrying out the modernized appeals system or to process ap-peals of decisions on legacy claims. (12) Estimated timelines for updating any policy guidance, internet websites, and offi-cial forms that may be necessary to carry out the modernized appeals system, includ-ing— (A) identification of which offices and enti-ties will be involved in efforts relating to such updating; and (B) historical information about how long similar update efforts have taken. (13) A timeline, including interim mile-stones, for promulgating such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the modern-ized appeals system and a comparison with historical averages for time required to pro-mulgate regulations of similar complexity and scope. (14) An outline of the circumstances under which claimants with pending appeals of de-cisions on legacy claims would be authorized to have their appeals reviewed under the modernized appeals system. (15) A delineation of the key goals and milestones for reducing the number of pend-ing appeals that are not processed under the modernized appeals system, including the ex-pected number for each of appeals, remands, and hearing requests at the Administration and the Board each year, beginning with the one-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, until there are no longer any appeals pending before the Ad-ministration or the Board for a decision on a legacy claim. (16) The metrics and goals used by the Sec-retary to monitor the implementation of the modernized appeals system, including with respect to— (A) tracking progress of such implementa-tion; (B) evaluating the efficiency and effective-ness of such implementation; and (C) identifying potential issues with re-spect to such implementation. (17) A description of each risk factor asso-ciated with each element of the plan and a contingency plan to minimize each such risk. (18) A detailed description of which em-ployees of the Department will conduct high-er level reviews under section 5104B of title 38, United States Code, as added by section 2(g). (c) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THEUNITED STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the Comptroller General of the United States receives the plan required by sub-section (a), the Comptroller General shall— (A) assess such plan in writing; and (B) submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the assessment conducted under subparagraph (A). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted under paragraph (1)(A) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of whether the plan comports with sound planning practices. (B) Identification of any improvements the Comptroller General considers appropriate for the plan. (C) Formulation of such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appro-priate. (d) PERIODIC REPORTS .—On a quarterly basis during the period beginning 90 days after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits the plan under subsection (a) and end-ing on the date that the Secretary imple-ments the modernized appeals system, and on a semiannual basis during the seven-year period following such date of implementa-tion, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Comp-troller General a report on the modernized appeals system. Each such report shall in-clude, with respect to the period covered by the report, the following: (1) Any updates to the plan under sub-section (a). (2) As applicable, the number of appeals considered under the modernized appeals sys-tem, including— (A) the number of such appeals, both with respect to pending appeals and completed ap-peals, under each docket described in section 7107 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2; (B) the average wait time for each such docket and the extent to which such wait times compare with the established goals of the Secretary for such wait times; and (C) the average age of such appeals. (3) The number of appeals considered with respect to legacy claims, including— (A) the number of pending appeals and the number of completed appeals; (B) the average wait time and the extent to which such wait times compare with the es-tablished goals of the Secretary for such wait times; and (C) the average age of such appeals. (4) The efficacy of the information systems of the Department of Veterans Affairs to im-plement the modernized appeals system. (5) With respect to the Veterans Benefits Administration and the Board of Veterans’ Appeals— (A) the number of supplemental claims under section 5108 of such title, as added by section 2(i), that were denied because the supplemental claims did not include new and relevant evidence; (B) the number of higher level reviews filed under section 5104B of such title, as added by section 2(g), that did not include new and relevant evidence, listed by the disposition of the higher level review; and (C) the number of appeals filed that did not include new and relevant evidence, listed by each docket described in section 7107 of such title, as amended by section 2, and the deter-mination of the Board. (6) With respect to any average wait time relating to appeals not otherwise specified in this subsection— (A) whether the Secretary is meeting any established wait-time goals of the Secretary; and (B) if so, the percentage of appeals meeting such goals. (7) An identification of any changes that are necessary to improve the modernized ap-peals system. 
SEC. 4. PROGRAMS TO TEST ASSUMPTIONS RE-LIED ON IN DEVELOPMENT OF COM-PREHENSIVE PLAN FOR PROC-ESSING OF LEGACY APPEALS AND SUPPORTING MODERNIZED AP-PEALS SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out such programs as the Secretary considers appropriate to test any assumptions relied upon in developing the comprehensive plan required by section 3(a) and to test the feasibility and advisability of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4462 May 23, 2017 
any facet of the modernized appeals system. The Secretary may not carry out such a pro-gram until the Secretary notifies the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives of the program, including the reasons for carrying out the program. (2) R
EPORTING REQUIRED .—Whenever the Secretary determines, based on the conduct of a program under paragraph (1), that legis-lative changes to the modernized appeals system are necessary, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives notice of such determination. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  P
ROGRAM ON FULLY DEVELOPED APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may, under subsection (a)(1), carry out a program to provide the option of an al-ternative appeals process that shall more quickly determine such appeals in accord-ance with this subsection. (2) E
LECTION .— (A) F
ILING .—In accordance with subpara-graph (B), a claimant may elect to file a fully developed appeal under the program by filing with the Secretary all of the following: (i) The notice of disagreement under chap-ter 71 of title 38, United States Code, along with the written election of the claimant to have the appeal determined under the pro-gram. (ii) All evidence that the claimant believes is needed for the appeal as of the date of the filing. (iii) A statement of the argument in sup-port of the claim, if any. (B) T
IMING .—A claimant shall make an election under subparagraph (A) as part of the notice of disagreement filed by the claimant in accordance with subparagraph (A)(i). (C) T
RIAGE .—The Secretary shall, upon ex-piration of the period specified in paragraph (3)(C)(iii), ensure that an assessment is un-dertaken of whether an appeal filed under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph satisfies the requirements for appeal under the pro-gram and provide appropriate notification to the claimant of the results of that assess-ment. (D) R
EVERSION .— (i) E
LECTED REVERSION .—At any time, a claimant who makes an election under sub-paragraph (A) may elect to revert to the standard appeals process. Such a reversion shall be final. (ii) A
UTOMATIC REVERSION .—A claimant de-scribed in clause (i), or a claimant who makes an election under subparagraph (A) but is later determined to be ineligible for the program under paragraph (1), shall revert to the standard appeals process without any penalty to the claimant other than the loss of the docket number associated with the fully developed appeal. (E) O
UTREACH .—In providing claimants with notices of the determination of a claim during the period in which the program under paragraph (1) is carried out, the Sec-retary shall conduct outreach as follows: (i) The Secretary shall provide to the claimant (and to the representative of record of the claimant, if any) information regard-ing— (I) the program, including the advantages and disadvantages of the program; (II) how to make an election under sub-paragraph (A); (III) the limitation on the use of new evi-dence described in subparagraph (C) of para-graph (3) and the development of information under subparagraph (D) of such paragraph; (IV) the ability of the claimant to seek ad-vice and education regarding such process from veterans service organizations, attor-neys, and claims agents recognized under chapter 59 of title 38, United States Code; and (V) the circumstances under which the ap-peal will automatically revert to the stand-ard appeals process, including by making a request for a hearing. (ii) The Secretary shall collaborate, part-ner with, and give weight to the advice of the three veterans service organizations with the most members and such other stake-holders as the Secretary considers appro-priate to publish on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs an on-line tutorial explaining the advantages and disadvantages of the program. (3) TREATMENT BY DEPARTMENT AND  
BOARD .— (A) P
ROCESS .—Upon the election of a claimant to file a fully developed appeal pur-suant to paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary shall— (i) not provide the claimant with a state-ment of the case nor require the claimant to file a substantive appeal; and (ii) transfer jurisdiction over the fully de-veloped appeal directly to the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals. (B) D
OCKET .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Board of Veterans’ Appeals shall— (I) maintain fully developed appeals on a separate docket than standard appeals; (II) decide fully developed appeals in the order that the fully developed appeals are re-ceived on the fully developed appeal docket; (III) except as provided by clause (ii), de-cide not more than one fully developed ap-peal for each four standard appeals decided; and (IV) to the extent practicable, decide each fully developed appeal by the date that is one year following the date on which the claimant files the notice of disagreement. (ii) A
DJUSTMENT .—Beginning one year after the date on which the program commences, the Board may adjust the number of stand-ard appeals decided for each fully developed appeal under clause (i)(III) if the Board de-termines that such adjustment is fair for both standard appeals and fully developed appeals. (C) L
IMITATION ON USE OF NEW EVIDENCE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by clauses (ii) and (iii)— (I) a claimant may not submit or identify to the Board of Veterans’ Appeals any new evidence relating to a fully developed appeal after filing such appeal unless the claimant reverts to the standard appeals process pur-suant to paragraph (2)(D); and (II) if a claimant submits or identifies any such new evidence, such submission or iden-tification shall be deemed to be an election to make such a reversion pursuant to para-graph (2)(D). (ii) E
VIDENCE GATHERED BY BOARD .—Clause (i) shall not apply to evidence developed pur-suant to subparagraphs (D) and (E). The Board shall consider such evidence in the first instance without consideration by the Veterans Benefits Administration. (iii) R
EPRESENTATIVE OF RECORD .—The rep- resentative of record of a claimant for ap-peals purposes, if any, shall be provided an opportunity to review the fully developed ap-peal of the claimant and submit any addi-tional arguments or evidence that the rep-resentative determines necessary during a period specified by the Board for purposes of this subparagraph. (D) P
ROHIBITION ON REMAND FOR ADDITIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT .—If the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals determines that a fully developed ap-peal requires Federal records, independent medical opinions, or new medical examina-tions, the Board shall— (i) in accordance with subparagraph (E), take such actions as may be necessary to de-velop such records, opinions, or examina-tions in accordance with section 5103A of title 38, United States Code; (ii) retain jurisdiction of the fully devel-oped appeal without requiring a determina-tion by the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion based on such records, opinions, or ex-aminations; (iii) ensure the claimant, and the rep-resentative of record of a claimant, if any, receives a copy of such records, opinions, or examinations; and (iv) provide the claimant a period of 90 days after the date of mailing such records, opinions, or examinations during which the claimant may provide the Board any addi-tional evidence without requiring the claim-ant to make a reversion pursuant to para-graph (2)(D). (E) DEVELOPMENT UNIT .— (i) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals shall establish an office to de-velop Federal records, independent medical opinions, and new medical examinations pur-suant to subparagraph (D)(i) that the Board determines necessary to decide a fully devel-oped appeal. (ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall— (I) ensure that the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration cooperates with the Board of Veterans’ Appeals in carrying out clause (i); and (II) transfer employees of the Veterans Benefits Administration who, prior to the enactment of this Act, were responsible for processing claims remanded by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals to positions within the of-fice of the Board established under clause (i) in a number the Secretary determines suffi-cient to carry out such subparagraph. (F) H
EARINGS .—Notwithstanding section 7107 of title 38, United States Code, the Sec-retary may not provide hearings with re-spect to fully developed appeals under the program. If a claimant requests to hold a hearing pursuant to such section 7107, such request shall be deemed to be an election to revert to the standard appeals process pursu-ant to paragraph (2)(D). (4) D
URATION ; APPLICABILITY .— (A) D
URATION .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary may carry out the program during such period as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (B) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply only to fully developed appeals that are filed during the period in which the pro-gram is carried out pursuant to subpara-graph (A). (5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OMPENSATION .—The term ‘‘compensa-tion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (B) F
ULLY DEVELOPED APPEAL .—The term ‘‘fully developed appeal’’ means an appeal of a claim for disability compensation that is— (i) filed by a claimant in accordance with paragraph (2)(A); and (ii) considered in accordance with this sub-section. (C) S
TANDARD APPEAL .—The term ‘‘stand-ard appeal’’ means an appeal of a claim for disability compensation that is not a fully developed appeal. (c) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out any program under this section after the date on the which the Secretary implements the modernized appeals system. 
SEC. 5. PERIODIC PUBLICATION OF METRICS RE-LATING TO PROCESSING OF AP-PEALS BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
On the first business day of each month the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish on an internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4463 May 23, 2017 
(1) As applicable, with respect to the proc-essing by the Secretary of appeals under the modernized appeals system of decisions re-garding claims for benefits under laws ad-ministered by the Secretary: (A) For the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion, the number of— (i) supplemental claims under section 5108 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(i), that are pending; and (ii) requests for higher level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by sec-tion 2(g), that are pending. (B) The number of appeals on any docket maintained under section 7107 of such title, as amended by section 2(t), that are pending. (C) The average duration for processing claims and supplemental claims, disaggregated by regional office. (D) The average duration for processing re-quests for higher level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by section 2(g), disaggregated by regional office. (E) The average number of days that ap-peals are pending on the nonhearing, no-ad-ditional evidence option docket of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals maintained pursuant to section 7107 of such title, as amended by sec-tion 2(t), and any other docket maintained by the Board under such section that pro-hibits the submittal of additional evidence. (F) The average number of days that ap-peals are pending on dockets maintained under such section in which hearings are re-quested or submittal of additional evidence is allowed. (G) The average number of days that an ap-peal is pending on any other docket main-tained by the Board under such section. (H) In the case that the Secretary develops and implements a policy under section 7107(e) of such title, as amended by section 2(t)— (i) the number of cases moved from one docket to another pursuant to such policy; (ii) the average time cases were pending prior to moving from one docket to another; and (iii) the average time to adjudicate the cases after so moving. (I) The total number of remands to obtain advisory medical opinions under section 5109(d) of title 38, United States Code, as added by section 2(i)(1). (J) The average number of days between the date on which the Board remands a claim to obtain an advisory medical opinion under section 5109(d) of such title, as so added, and the date on which the advisory medical opin-ion is obtained. (K) The average number of days between the date on which the Board remands a claim to obtain an advisory medical opinion under section 5109(d) of such title, as so added, and the date on which the agency of original ju-risdiction issues a decision taking that advi-sory opinion into account. (L) The number of appeals that are grant-ed, the number of appeals that are remanded, and the number of appeals that are denied by the Board disaggregated by docket. (M) The number of claimants each year that take action within the period set forth in section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as added by section 2(l), to protect their effective date under such section 5110(a)(2), disaggregated by the status of the claimants taking the ac-tions, such as whether the claimant is rep-resented by a veterans service organization, the claimant is represented by an attorney or accredited agent, or the claimant is tak-ing such action pro se. (N) The total number of times on average each claimant files under section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as so added, to protect their effec-tive date under such section, disaggregated by the subparagraph of such section under which they file. (O) The average duration, from the filing of an initial claim until the claim is resolved and claimants no longer take any action to protect their effective date under section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as so added— (i) of claims under the modernized appeals system, excluding legacy claims that opt in to the modernized appeals system; and (ii) of legacy claims that opt in to the mod-ernized appeals system. (P) How frequently an action taken within one year to protect an effective date under section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as so added, leads to additional grant of benefits, disaggregated by action taken. (Q) The average of how long it takes to complete each segment of the claims process while claimants are protecting the effective date under such section, disaggregated by the time waiting for the claimant to take an action and the time waiting for the Sec-retary to take an action. (R) The number and the average amount of retroactive awards of benefits from the Sec-retary as a result of protected effective dates under such section, disaggregated by action taken. (S) The average number of times claimants submit to the Secretary different claims with respect to same condition, such as an initial claim and a supplemental claim. (T) The number of cases each year in which a claimant inappropriately tried to take si-multaneous actions, such as filing a supple-mental claim while a higher level review is pending, what actions the Secretary took in response, and how long it took on average to take those actions. (U) In the case that the Secretary develops and implements a policy under section 5104C(a)(2)(D) of such title, as amended by section 2(h)(1), the number of actions with-drawn and new actions taken pursuant to such policy. (V) The number of times the Secretary re-ceived evidence relating to an appeal or higher level review at a time not authorized under the modernized appeals system, disaggregated by actions taken by the Sec-retary to deal with the evidence and how long on average it took to take those ac-tions. (W) The number of errors committed by the Secretary in carrying out the Sec-retary’s duty to assist under section 5103A of title 38, United States Code, that were iden-tified by higher level review and by the Board, disaggregated by type of error, such as errors relating to private records and in-adequate examinations, and a comparison with errors committed by the Secretary in carrying out such duty with respect to ap-peals of decisions on legacy claims. (X) An assessment of the productivity of employees at the regional offices and at the Board, disaggregated by level of experience of the employees. (2) With respect to the processing by the Secretary of appeals of decisions on legacy claims, the following: (A) The average duration of each segment of the appeals process, disaggregated by peri-ods in which the Secretary is waiting for a claimant to take an action and periods in which the claimant is waiting for the Sec-retary to take an action. (B) The frequency by which appeals lead to additional grant of benefits by the Sec-retary, disaggregated by whether the addi-tional benefits are a result of additional evi-dence added after the initial decision. (C) The number and average amount of ret-roactive awards of benefits resulting from an appeal. (D) The average duration from filing the appeal with the Secretary until all appeals and remands relating to such appeals are completed. (E) The average number of times claimants submit to the Secretary different claims with respect to same condition, such as an initial claim, new and material evidence, or a claim for an increase in benefits. (F) An assessment of the productivity of employees at the regional offices and at the Board, disaggregated by level of experience of the employees. (G) The average number of days the dura-tion of an appeal is extended because the Secretary secured or attempted to secure an advisory medical opinion under section 5109 of title 38, United States Code, or section 7109 of such title (as in effect on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act). (3) With respect to the processing by the Secretary of appeals of decisions on legacy claims that opt in to the modernized appeals system, the following: (A) The cumulative number of such legacy claims. (B) The portion of work in the modernized appeals system attributable to appeals of de-cisions on such legacy claims. (C) The average period such legacy claims were pending before opting in to the modern-ized appeals system and the average period required to adjudicate such legacy claims on average after opting in— (i) with respect to claims at a regional of-fice of the Department of Veterans Affairs, disaggregated by— (I) supplemental claims under section 5108 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(i); and (II) requests for higher level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by sec-tion 2(g); and (ii) with respect to appeals, disaggregated by docket of the Board maintained under section 7107 of such title, as amended by sec-tion 2(t). 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) The term ‘‘claimant’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5100 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘legacy claim’’ means a claim— (A) that was submitted to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for a benefit under a law ad-ministered by the Secretary; and (B) for which notice of a decision under section 5104 of title 38, United States Code, was provided by the Secretary before the date set forth in section 2(x)(1). (3) The term ‘‘opt in’’ means, with respect to a legacy claim of a claimant, that the claimant elects to subject the claim to the modernized appeals system pursuant to— (A) section 2(x)(3); or (B) such other mechanism as the Secretary may prescribe for purposes of carrying out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (4) The term ‘‘modernized appeals system’’ means the set of processes and mechanisms by which the Secretary processes, pursuant to the authorities and requirements modified by section 2, claims for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4464 May 23, 2017 
which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rial in the R
ECORD on H.R. 2288, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2288, as amended. First, I want to thank the Disabil-ities Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee Chairman B
OST and Ranking Member E
STYfor their hard work in bringing H.R. 2288 to the floor. I also want to thank every member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, both Republican and Democrat, who all are original cosponsors of this bill. The committee has been working on overhauling the VA’s appeals process, which was established back in 1933. The problem is that the current system is slow, cumbersome, frustrating, and full of bureaucratic red tape. As a result, there are currently 470,000 veterans, many of whom may have been injured in the line of duty, who are waiting for a decision on their appeal. Many of these folks have been waiting for more than 5 years, and veterans are filing more appeals every day. Last year, VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson testified that if Congress doesn’t pass reform soon, by 2027, vet-erans may have to wait as long as 10 years to get a decision on their appeal. Think about that. In 2027, men and women who served our Nation may have to wait a decade to get a decision on their appeal. These veterans have bills to pay and families to support. Even worse, they may need medical treatments that they can’t get from the VA because their appeal hasn’t been decided. Mr. Speaker, one of the dearest friends I have had in my life died a lit-tle over 2 years ago, waiting on a deci-sion on an appeal. H.R. 2288 would help streamline the VA’s appeals process, while giving vet-erans more options and protecting their due process rights. This legisla-tion includes a compromise agreement that was reached between VA and the veterans service organizations which passed the House last Congress as part of H.R. 5620. We have added a few improvements since last year. For example, we have expanded the bill to allow some vet-erans who are currently having pend-ing appeals to opt in to the new sys-tem. I really believe that the changes in this bill will make a difference and help expedite the process so that vet-erans can get a decision on their appeal and then get on with their lives. I am going to pull out all the stops to get this bill on the President’s desk as soon as possible. We are talking with our colleagues in the Senate, including Chairman I
SAKSON , Ranking Member TESTER , and Senator B LUMENTHAL , to resolve a few minor differences be-tween the House version and the Sen-ate version. The sooner we get this bill passed, the sooner our Nation’s veterans will be able to get their decisions on appeal in a timely manner. Veterans deserve no less. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2288, as amended, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the manager’s amendment to H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improve-ment and Modernization Act of 2017. This has truly proven to be a once-in- a-generation opportunity to reform the disability claims process for the ben-efit of our Nation’s veterans. I want to specifically thank Chair-man R
OEfor bringing this bill to the floor today and for ensuring that the entire process that got us here was open, fair, bipartisan, and followed reg-ular order. It is gratefully appreciated, and I think we end up with a good piece of legislation because of his leadership. I also want to recognize the efforts of our colleagues, the chairman of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Af-fairs Subcommittee, Mr. B
OST. He has been an incredible addition to the VA committee and dug his heels in on this one and got us this far, so I thank him; and to his counterpart on our side of the aisle, Ranking Member E
STY, for exceptional work that they have done together to get this bill to the floor. I would also like to thank our vet-erans service organizations. This is how I think the American people think legislation should be brought; on issues at hand, experts are brought in, Rep-resentatives talk. The expertise that was brought by the VSOs helped us work out some of the kinks. It is not perfect, but the coalition got us to a point where I think many of us are comfortable moving forward. The bill is complicated. To those who still have concerns in the process, let us know. There is still work to be done. It is still working in the Senate, but there is an openness that has been ex-pressed through the entire process. Secretary Shulkin and the VA lead-ership have been vital in this effort. They helped pull the stakeholders to-gether, providing the technical exper-tise to help us understand what it takes over the past several years. I want to recognize our former col-league on the committee, D
INATITUS. She is going to be speaking a little bit later, but I think what is so important on veterans issues, members come and go from the committee, but their com-mitment to getting this right stays. And her tenaciousness in the 114th Congress laid the groundwork for this. So in short, Mr. Speaker, as you heard the chairman say, there are 470,000 veterans. Each one of them is an individual. Each one of them is some-one’s friend, father, mother, sister, brother. It is time we peel back the layers of the complicated rules gov-erning the process, modernize it with new technology, and get the benefits delivered in a timely manner to those who have earned them. I support the manager’s amendment to H.R. 2288 and encourage all my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1445 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST), chairman of the DAMA Subcommittee. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan legislation, H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017, as amended. The legislation is a product of hard work between the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, veterans service organi-zations, committee staff, and com-mittee members. This bill gives veterans more options when pursuing the appeals claim by creating three pathways or lanes: Lane one allows for the veteran to request that a new individual review their case without a hearing, which will allow a faster response time from the VA on their appeal; lane two allows a veteran to request a hearing; and lane three sends the appeal directly to the Board of Veterans Appeals. These three lanes, working together, will speed up the process for our Nation’s veterans and ensure that the appeals system works for them. An important compromise in this legislation also allows for veterans to keep the original effective date of their claim as long as they filed the nec-essary paperwork within 1 year of a VA’s decision. This is another way to ensure that the appeals system is working for the veterans. It is impor-tant that we do not leave any veteran behind. My colleagues and I have worked to ensure that some of the more than 470,000 veterans with a current appeal in the system will have the oppor-tunity at certain points to opt into the new system. This will help the veterans who have been waiting for years to hear from the VA. This bill also ensures transparency in the VA implementation. This new sys-tem, by requiring rigorous reports from the Department, ensures that all vet-erans are treated fairly. In closing, I especially want to recog-nize and thank the Disability Assist-ance and Memorial Affairs ranking member, Ms. E
STY, for her hard work and help in crafting this legislation. I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2288, as amended. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY), my good friend, ranking member of the Disability As-sistance and Memorial Affairs Sub-committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.041 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4465 May 23, 2017 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017, as amended. First, I want to thank our excellent chairman, Dr. R
OE, and ranking mem-ber, Mr. W
ALZ, for their dedication and hard work. It has been a pleasure to work on this important legislation dur-ing my first term as ranking member of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee Disability Assistance and Memorial Af-fairs Subcommittee. I want to give special thanks to my new friend, our subcommittee chair-man, Mr. B
OST, for his leadership on this issue and for ensuring that the leg-islative process was bipartisan at every turn. I want to acknowledge and thank Congresswoman D
INA TITUS for her leadership on this issue, as she helped pass similar legislation that formed the basis for our work here in this Con-gress. Mr. Speaker, claims appeals are backing up. Veterans in Connecticut and across the country are waiting for far too long for the benefits they have earned through their hard service to this country. When a veteran asks my office for help appealing their claim, it is frus-trating and embarrassing to have to explain that the process could take more than 5 years. The backlog will only get worse if we do not reform the process. Some veterans could be wait-ing as long as 10 years, as we have heard from Chairman R
OEand from Ranking Member W
ALZ, if we don’t re-form things now. With the new process created under this bill, if it is properly implemented, many veterans would see a clearer, de-finitive appeals decision in as little as a year. I have seen in Connecticut that, when an appeal is granted, it can change the way a veteran lives. But it is also proof to that veteran that their service is being honored. That is why it is so unacceptable that the current process is failing so many veterans. It forces them to navi-gate layers of red tape and duplicative review. The slow grinding of the ap-peals process chips away at our vet-erans’ faith that they will ever be fair-ly compensated for injuries that they sustained in service to our country. Our goal with this bill is to establish a new process that is simple, fair, transparent, and, wherever possible, speedy. As we have heard, there are 470,000— yes, 470,000—veterans with disability appeals pending right now, and that is something we should be able to ad-dress, Democrats and Republicans, without regard to party. We owe a fast-er, better appeals process not only to our veterans who have served, but to those who wear the uniform right now. Our men and women in uniform de-serve to know that the benefits that they have been promised when they signed up will be there for them if, God forbid, something happens to them and they are injured in serving our coun-try. I would like to thank all of the vet-erans and veterans service organiza-tions who shared their ideas and their concerns with us as we worked hard to craft this legislation. Voices from the veterans community were invaluable as we developed this bill and will be es-sential as we move forward to ensure that the new process works well. I also want to thank the VA itself for having been such a good partner in this effort. It is important to remember that this is just the first step towards reforming the appeals process. If this bill is going to be successful, it will re-quire a lot of work from our com-mittee, from the VA, oversight by Con-gress, and we must take care to ensure that legacy appeals do not get lost in the process. Congress must also provide the resources necessary for the new ap-peals system to work well for our vet-erans. I want to thank, again, Chairman ROEand Ranking Member W ALZ for making reforming the appeals system a top priority of the committee for this year and for their dedication working together in a bipartisan way. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation and to com-mit to keep working together to get the job done. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN), an active member on the committee and a veteran. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017. This important legislation will up-date and streamline the bureaucratic nightmare that is the disability ap-peals process. This bill breaks appeals down into three lanes to expedite deci-sionmaking and improves the ability of veterans to offer new information about their condition. The bill requires Secretary Shulkin to provide a com-prehensive plan of how he plans to im-plement the crucial changes which are supported by both the VFW and the American Legion. Our men and women in uniform served with the assurance that they would be well treated when they came home. They earned and they deserve timely service from their government. Instead, veterans wait years to hear from an out-of-date, backlogged ap-peals system. Sometimes that process takes 5 years—5 years. That is an in-sult to their service, and it is an insult that we cannot tolerate. Our veterans fought for their country abroad. Now it is our job to ensure that they don’t have another fight when they come home. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ), my friend and the vice ranking member of the full Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member, Mr. WALZ, for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2288 the Veterans Appeals Im-provement and Modernization Act of 2017. Over the past 5 years, the number of pending appeals at the VA has sky-rocketed by 40 percent and now sits at nearly half a million cases. The aver-age processing time for an appeal is 3 years. Republicans and Democrats agree, the VA agrees, veterans service organizations agree, and, most impor-tantly, veterans agree that we need to fix this broken process. I am pleased that my colleagues on the committee have come together to develop a bipartisan solution that re-duces the overly complicated appeals process, shortens the time a veteran will wait for a decision, and preserves a veteran’s full length of benefits if their appeal is decided favorably. This legislation has taken a lot of time and effort. I applaud my col-leagues Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. Miller for laying the groundwork in the last Con-gress, and Ms. E
STYand Mr. B OSTfor carrying this legislation into the 115th Congress. I am very, very proud of all the work done by the committee staff to bring this together, and I am grateful to the dedicated VSOs and the VA for their input. This is a great example of how we can put aside our partisan dif-ferences and make our veterans’ lives better. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and urge all of my colleagues to vote for it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´N), a new member of our com-mittee and the only representative from Puerto Rico. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, today I must first thank Chairman R
OEfor all of his lead-ership and work on behalf of our vet-erans. I also thank Representative B
OSTand all of our committee mem-bers for allowing me to contribute to this effort. Today I rise to support H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act. This bill will pro-vide timely justice to the brave Ameri-cans who gave their best in the name of democracy, freedom, and the con-tinuing greatness of our Nation. As the sole representative of more than 93,000 registered veterans in Puer-to Rico, I established a Veterans Af-fairs Task Force, and one of the main complaints they have is about the Vet-erans Administration’s and Board of Veterans Appeals’ slow processing of their claims. I believe every veterans service orga-nization hears similar complaints. The most recent statistics reveal a 5,000- case backlog for claims originally filed by Puerto Rican veterans. One such Puerto Rican claim has gone on for over 12 years, other claims for over 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.043 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4466 May 23, 2017 
years. As of this date, the veterans are still waiting for the Board of Veterans Appeals’ decisions. This is not the jus-tice system our veterans deserve. I am a proud sponsor of this bill, and this bill will provide heroic veterans a system that is adjusted to their needs. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ), my good friend and, more importantly, a friend to all veterans, a new member of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ALZ. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZfor giving me the opportunity to share my enthusiastic support for this bill, H.R. 2288. I also want to thank Mr. B
OSTand Ms. E STYfor their remark-able leadership in guiding this legisla-tion to the floor and for taking the steps to finally fix the appeals process. I stand here today to support the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act. This legislation re-forms the VA appeals process so that our veterans can begin to receive the benefits they have earned through their dedication to our country. Veterans in California and all across America, including those in my dis-trict, currently face a backlog of some-times more than 5 years to get their benefits. This is not acceptable, and that is why I am pleased to support this bipartisan legislation. A veteran who files a disability claim for an injury that they sustained dur-ing their military service is issued a VA rating decision, which either grants or denies a claim. If a veteran disagrees with the outcome, they may appeal the VA’s decision and then wait and wait and wait. This bill will improve the process by creating a multiple appeal streams, which will accelerate the process. Our veterans who suffered injury dur-ing their time in service can now be as-sured that they will be one step closer to having their appeals cases reviewed and decided in a timely manner. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), a former member of our committee. b1500 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this bill will improve the ap-peals process at the Department of Veterans Affairs, which is currently operating under a significant backlog. Last session, when I served on the VA Committee, a major focus was reform-ing the repeals process to better serve veterans’ appeals rights. My office has assisted hundreds of veterans, many of whom have struggled with the appeals process and several of whom have struggled with getting the care they need in a timely manner. One individual my office worked with estimated the entire process, from when he first began seeking benefits until the recent favorable decision from the Board of Veterans Appeals, lasted 20 years. Mr. Speaker, it is clear a solution is needed. This legislation would set out to im-prove the claims process by providing veterans with three lanes—or three choices—as to how they would like to proceed with an appeal. These choices include: one, having the original evidence reviewed again; or, two, introducing new evidence and having another hearing; or, three, sending the decision directly to the Board of Veterans Appeals. The VA’s current 5-year appeal wait time is simply not acceptable for our veterans. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which is an appropriate so-lution to this problem. It will stream-line many claims and also enable a more efficient administrative handling of those claims. I thank the leadership of Chairman ROEand those on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2288. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS), a good friend and former ranking mem-ber of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, and someone who has worked on this al-most longer than anyone in the House. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ALZfor his leader-ship, for bringing this bill, and for al-lowing me to stay involved even though I am no longer on the com-mittee. Likewise, I thank Dr. R
OEfor all that he has done for veterans. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 2288, the Veterans Ap-peals Improvement and Modernization Act. Fixing this outdated system was one of my top priorities while I served as ranking member of the VA Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Sub-committee. When I assumed that posi-tion, much of the focus was on the VA disability claims backlog, which had ballooned, causing many veterans to wait almost 2 years just for their ini-tial claim decision. After that backlog was addressed and reduced, the prob-lem shifted to the appeals process, where today, as you have heard, almost 470,000 veterans are currently waiting in an overburdened and overcom-plicated system that was first devel-oped in the 1930s and last updated in the 1980s. I regularly hear from my veteran constituents who are stuck in this ap-peals process about the need for re-form. One veteran we are helping in Las Vegas has been working since Au-gust of 2013 to have his appeal adju-dicated; and another Nevada veteran who, out of desperation, came to my of-fice, took 4 years to complete his proc-ess. So, obviously, the current system is just unacceptable. If we don’t act, it is only going to get worse. We have heard statistics that soon veterans may be waiting for more than a decade just to have their appeals adjudicated. Last year, working closely with the VA, with the committee, and with many of our partners in the VSO com-munity, I introduced legislation to ad-dress this outdated process. I am very proud that my proposal is the basis for the legislation we are considering today. The changes that were made to that legislation are positive additions, and I appreciate the work that Chairman BOSTand Ranking Member E STYhave done to improve the bill and bring it to the floor. I encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together to recognize, to help, to assist our vet-erans, and support this bill. I want us to tell our friends in the Senate: You have got to act quickly, too. We have got to get this done. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Again, I applaud all the work that was done on behalf of our veterans and those that are waiting. I thank the pro-fessional staff on both sides of the aisle for doing that. Mr. Speaker, I thank this House for proving to the American people that we can work together for a common good. We can make improvements and we can move things along as they are meant to be. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I, too, want to echo what Mr. W
ALZ has said. It has been a pleasure to work on this and what has been done in the previous Congress. I think this is one of the most important bills that we voted on in the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee since I have been in Congress. It is the thing we hear about back home, Mr. Speaker, which is disability claims. I think this actually will speed up that process and adjudicate those claims. I, too, thank all the staff and both subcommittee chairs and ranking members for their hard work. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge all Members to support H.R. 2288, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2288, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.044 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4467 May 23, 2017 
VA SCHEDULING ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 467) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs complies with require-ments relating to scheduling veterans for health care appointments, to im-prove the uniform application of direc-tives of the Department, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 467 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Sched-uling Accountability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPLIANCE WITH SCHEDULING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL CERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the director of each medical facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs annually certifies to the Sec-retary that the medical facility is in full compliance with all provisions of law and regulations relating to scheduling appoint-ments for veterans to receive hospital care and medical services, including pursuant to Veterans Health Administration Directive 2010–027, or any successor directive. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON WAIVER .—The Secretary may not waive any provision of the laws or regulations described in paragraph (1) for a medical facility of the Department if such provision otherwise applies to the medical facility. (b) E
XPLANATION OF NONCOMPLIANCE .—If a director of a medical facility of the Depart-ment does not make a certification under subsection (a)(1) for any year, the director shall submit to the Secretary a report con-taining— (1) an explanation of why the director is unable to make such certification; and (2) a description of the actions the director is taking to ensure full compliance with the laws and regulations described in such sub-section. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON BONUSES BASED ON NON-
COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a director of a medical facility of the Department does not make a certification under subsection (a)(1) for any year, each covered official described in para-graph (2) may not receive an award or bonus under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other award or bonus au-thorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, during the year following the year in which the certification was not made. (2) C
OVERED OFFICIAL .—A covered official described in this paragraph is each official who serves in the following positions at a medical facility of the Department during a year, or portion thereof, for which the direc-tor does not make a certification under sub-section (a)(1): (A) The director. (B) The chief of staff. (C) The associate director. (D) The associate director for patient care. (E) The deputy chief of staff. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall annually submit to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representative and the Senate a report containing, with re-spect to the year covered by the report— (1) a list of each medical facility of the De-partment for which a certification was made under subsection (a)(1); and (2) a list of each medical facility of the De-partment for which such a certification was not made, including a copy of each report submitted to the Secretary under subsection (b). SEC. 3. STANDARDIZED APPLICATION OF DIREC-TIVES AND POLICIES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall ensure that the directives and policies of the Department of Veterans Affairs apply to, and are implemented by, each office or facility of the Department in a standardized manner, including such of-fices and facilities at the local level. (b) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary does not apply and implement the directives and policies of the Department in a standardized manner pursuant to subsection (a), including by waiving such a directive or policy with re-spect to an office or facility of the Depart-ment, the Secretary shall notify the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate of such non-standardized application or implementation, including an explanation for the non-standardized application or implementation, as the case may be. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rial. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 467, a bill that would codify the VA’s own directives for outpatient sched-uling into law. In June of 2010, the Veterans Health Administration issued VHA Directive 2010–27, VHA Outpatient Scheduling Processes and Procedures. This direc-tive requires VHA facility directors to annually certify that their facility is in full compliance with the scheduling procedures outlined within the direc-tive. It is important to note that this di-rective was issued 4 years before the scheduling scandal at the Phoenix VA broke, with no less than 40 veterans dying while being kept on secret lists, waiting for an appointment. I believe this directive was a responsible way for the VA to ensure that veterans were re-ceiving the care that they came to the VA for and were not slipping through the cracks. Unfortunately, in May of 2013, then- Deputy Under Secretary for Health at the VA waived this requirement for the VA medical facility directors to adhere to the directive. As we now know, this waiver helped cover a practice of mal-feasance within scheduling depart-ments at VA medical facilities across the Nation. As I mentioned before, in 2014, the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, with my friend, former Chairman Jeff Miller at the helm, discovered secret waiting lists at the Phoenix VA, as well as many other medical centers across the country. Had this directive still been in place, I honestly believe the scandal could have been prevented. Mr. Speaker, it is incumbent upon us to ensure that these scheduling proc-esses do not and cannot be dismissed by VA bureaucrats ever again. I thank my good friend and former committee member, Representative JACKIE WALORSKI from Indiana, for sponsoring this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 467, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I associate myself with the comments of Chairman R
OEand I support H.R. 467. I also thank the gen-tlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) for crafting this. She was, and still remains, a staunch supporter of veterans, always advocating for them. She taught me much, including, I think, the definition of Hoosier. I am still a little confused on that one, but we are working on it. By holding the VA leadership ac-countable, we can ensure that the VA is accessible to all veterans. While the VA has made progress to shorten wait times, we cannot rest on our laurels. If one veteran’s health is compromised because she or he was unable to receive timely care, then the VA has failed in its mission. Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I ask my colleagues to stand in support of Mrs. W
ALORSKI ’s bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), the vice chair and one of the most active members of the committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate Mrs. W
ALORSKI doing an out-standing job with this bill. The chair-man and the ranking member are champions of veterans. Again, I rise today in support of H.R. 467, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act, because all veterans deserve time-ly access to quality health care. In 2014, the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee uncovered the use of unau-thorized waiting lists at the Phoenix VA healthcare system in Phoenix, Ari-zona. As a result of these waiting lists, no less than 40 veterans died while waiting for care. This is unacceptable. It is heart-breaking and completely, as I said, un-acceptable. These are true American heroes, and we cannot allow something like this to ever happen again. Our investigations found that non-compliance with the VA’s scheduling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.047 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4468 May 23, 2017 
policies was a widespread and system-atic problem. This bill today requires that all VA medical center directors certify each year that their facility is in compliance with the scheduling di-rective. If a VA medical center is found noncompliant, H.R. 476 will hold those leaders accountable. Our bill makes certain that those who fail in their duty to serve our vet-erans will not be receiving bonuses or awards anytime soon. Lack of over-sight, lack of accountability, and lack of transparency led to the 2014 wait- times crisis. The VA Scheduling Ac-countability Act will help ensure those mistakes are not repeated, and improve access to timely care for our Nation’s heroes. Again, I thank the sponsor of the bill, Mrs. W
ALORSKI . It is one of the most important bills that we will pass this year, in my opinion, and I urge its passage. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), the sponsor of the bill and a former mem-ber of the committee. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZ. What an honor it is to work with these two gentlemen on vet-erans’ issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 467, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act. This commonsense legislation codi-fies an important measure of oversight and accountability of VA facilities to prevent scheduling manipulation or, in the vernacular, ‘‘cooking the books,’’ that has harmed veterans for so long. Hearings held by the House VA Com-mittee and investigations by the VA inspector general and the GAO have, unfortunately, confirmed many of the allegations of cooking books and fal-sified wait-time data at facilities around the country. The VA has a procedure for sched-uling veterans’ medical appointments, which includes 19 different items, such as ensuring that a patient’s desired ap-pointment date is not altered and that staff are fully trained. Importantly, the directive requires each facility to certify compliance with all of these 19 items every year. However, an August 2014 VA inspec-tor general report uncovered that, in May 2013, a senior VA official waived the certification requirement that year, essentially putting the facility on an honor system, allowing them to self-certify. Without this crucial accountability mechanism, bad actors were given free rein to manipulate wait-time data and ignore the VA’s required scheduling practices. Meanwhile, veterans faced significant delays in getting the care they needed while, in some extreme cases, veterans died. Since that time, the VA has rein-stated the certification requirements. However, serious problems remain, as evidenced by a recent VA investigation of a clinic in my own district that I re-quested after some brave individuals came forward with allegations of wrongdoing. b1515 The VA found that the clinic sched-uled appointments for veterans with-out the veterans’ knowledge and can-celed them on the day of the appoint-ment in order to fill their schedule for that day. If the VA had conducted proper audits of that facility’s sched-uling practices last year, this mis-conduct could have been prevented. The VA’s report recommended a review of scheduling compliance for all med-ical facilities in the region. The VA’s continued inability to re-form itself from within is the reason we need to pass this bill. This bill will require each facility director to annu-ally certify compliance with the cur-rent scheduling directive or any suc-cessive directive that replaces it, and, most importantly, it will prohibit any future waivers. The bill also provides accountability by making a director ineligible for salary bonuses if their fa-cility fails to certify compliance, and it requires the VA to report to Con-gress a list of these facilities that are not in compliance. This will provide more oversight of the VA, ensure that Congress is aware of noncompliant fa-cilities, and end the reckless practice of self-certification. Mr. Speaker, our veterans risked life and limb for our freedom, but too often the VA has let them down. It is time to put an end to this scheduling manipu-lation—the cooking of the books—and the false wait-time data. Holding every VA facility account-able for following scheduling rules is an important, commonsense step as we work to fix the VA so it works for the veterans in our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 467, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for her passion and for the chairman to bring this commonsense accountability piece to the floor. I encourage my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 467. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
IMPROVING THE PROVISION OF ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1005) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1005 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PROVISION OF ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1745 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary shall enter into an agreement under section 1720(c)(1) of this title or a contract with each State home for payment by the Secretary for adult day health care provided to a veteran who is eli-gible for, but does not receive, nursing home care pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(2) Payment under each agreement or contract between the Secretary and a State home under paragraph (1) for each veteran who receives care under such paragraph shall be made at a rate that is equal to 65 percent of the payment that the Secretary would pay to the State home pursuant to subsection (a)(2) if the veteran received nursing home care under subsection (a) rather than under paragraph (1) of this subsection. ‘‘(3) Payment by the Secretary under para-graph (1) to a State home for adult day health care provided to a veteran described in that paragraph constitutes payment in full to the State home for such care fur-nished to that veteran.’’; and (2) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ , adult day health care,’’ after ‘‘home care’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1745 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1745. Nursing home care, adult day health care, and medications for vet-erans with service-connected disabilities.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1005, a bill to improve the pro-vision of adult day healthcare services for veterans. Last year, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs testified that 9.8 million veterans, or 46 percent of the veteran population, will be 65 years of age or older in 2017. Given that, the need to ensure that veterans have ready access to a variety of geriatric and long-term care services and supports is an in-creasingly important component of the VA’s mission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.048 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4469 May 23, 2017 
Current law requires the VA to cover the cost of nursing home care in a State Veterans Home for any veteran in need of such care due to a service- connected disability or with a service- connected disability rating of 70 per-cent or more. That authority is incred-ibly important and has helped thou-sands of our veterans get the nursing home care they need. However, there is an increasing de-mand for VA to offer geriatric and long-term care programs in noninstitu-tional settings that would allow aging veterans to receive needed services and supports while remaining in their homes surrounded by their loved ones. To that end, H.R. 1005 would require VA to enter into an agreement or a contract with State Veterans Homes to pay for adult day healthcare for a vet-eran who is eligible for but not receiv-ing nursing home care. Adult day healthcare programs are a popular alternative to nursing home care that provide veterans in need of case management, assistance with ac-tivities of daily living, or other sup-portive services with companionship, peer support, recreation, and certain healthcare services. They also provide needed respite for caregivers. By requiring VA to cover the cost of adult day healthcare programs at State Veterans Homes for veterans who would otherwise qualify for VA-paid nursing home care, H.R. 1005 would ex-pand access to this type of care, which has been shown to maximize a vet-eran’s independence and quality of life and to extend an aging veteran’s abil-ity to remain at home, which I think we would all want to do. This bill has the support of the Na-tional Association of State Veterans Homes, The American Legion, the Dis-abled American Veterans, the Para-lyzed Veterans of America, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States. I am grateful to my friend and former committee member, L
EEZELDIN  from New York, for sponsoring this leg-islation and for shepherding it to the House floor. I look forward to working with him and our colleagues in the Senate to secure a quick passage over there as well. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1005, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Congressman Z
ELDIN ’s bill, H.R. 1005. This legislation is a timely solution to a problem that affects many of our aging veteran populations. Nursing homes are often a family’s last resort, and I believe that is the way it should remain. By allowing veterans to re-ceive daily care and assistance at a nursing home and then return to their homes at night, veterans will receive the care, medical support, and atten-tion they need without sacrificing the community family support and inde-pendence they want. For that reason, I ask my colleagues to support this really smart piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) who is a former member of our committee and sponsor of this legislation. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1005, a bill which would provide no-cost medical model adult day healthcare at State Veterans Homes to veterans who are 70 percent or more service-connected dis-abled. This bill is an extension to the Vet-erans Benefits, Healthcare, and Infor-mation Technology Act of 2006, which currently provides no-cost nursing home care at any State Veterans Home to veterans who are 70 percent or more service-connected disabled. Medical model adult day healthcare provides comprehensive medical, nurs-ing, and personal care services com-bined with engaging social activities for physically or cognitively impaired adults. Medical model adult day healthcare offers a complete array of rehabilitative therapies, including physical, occupational, and speech therapies, hospice and palliative care, social work, spiritual, nutritional counseling, and therapeutic recreation. The program is designed to promote socialization and stimulation and maximize the participant’s independ-ence while enhancing their quality of life. The program is staffed by a team of multidisciplinary healthcare profes-sionals who evaluate each participant and customize an individualized plan of care specific to their health and social needs. Adult day healthcare is an alter-native care setting that can allow some veterans who require long-term care services to remain in their homes rath-er than be institutionalized in a nurs-ing home. Such veterans typically re-quire support for some, but not all, ac-tivities of daily living—ADLs—such as bathing, dressing, or feeding. In many cases, a spouse or other family member may provide the veteran with much of their care, but they require additional support for some of the veteran’s ADLs. By filling these gaps, adult day healthcare can allow these veterans to remain in their homes and commu-nities for additional months or even years and thereby lower the financial cost of caring for these heroes. Adult day healthcare also provides family caregivers support and relief. Adult day healthcare programs can help caregivers to meet their other pro-fessional and family obligations or pro-vide a well-deserved respite while their loved ones are participating in the pro-gram. I would like to thank Chairman R
OE and Ranking Member W
ALZ for their leadership and support on this issue. Also, I would like to thank the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee and the great staff for recognizing the need for this critical legislation. Mr. Speaker, this is a piece of legisla-tion I would encourage all of our col-leagues to support. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) who is a former member of our committee. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of leg-islation that would assist veterans in Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District who suffer from a service-con-nected disability. H.R. 1005 would allow the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to work with State Veterans Homes, such as the Southeastern Veterans Center in my district in East Vincent Township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, to fund adult day healthcare for veterans who have a disability rating of 70 percent or more from the line of duty. Making this program available to more veterans who need assistance with daily tasks, such as bathing, dressing, or eating, would help improve the lives of those who have sacrificed so much, as well as their families. Our veterans and their loved ones de-serve to receive high-quality health services with the freedom and flexi-bility to live independently and at home. I commend Congressman Z
ELDIN for his leadership and all those on the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee for passing this out of committee. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 1005, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1005. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Once again, I urge all Members to support this legis-lation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1005. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NO HERO LEFT UNTREATED ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1162) to direct the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.052 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4470 May 23, 2017 
of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1162 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Hero Left Untreated Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy has successfully treated more than 400 veterans with post-traumatic stress dis-order, traumatic brain injury, military sex-ual trauma, chronic pain, and opiate addic-tion. (2) Recent clinical trials and randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind studies have produced promising measurable outcomes in the evolution of magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy. (3) The outcomes described in paragraph (2) have resulted in escalating demand from re-turning members of the Armed Forces and veterans who are seeking access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy. (4) Congress recognizes the importance of initiating innovative pilot programs that demonstrate the use and effectiveness of new treatment options for post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trauma, chronic pain, and opiate ad-diction. 
SEC. 3. MAGNETIC EEG/EKG-GUIDED RESONANCE THERAPY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Commencing not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to treat veterans suf-fering from post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trau-ma, chronic pain, or opiate addiction. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) at not more than two facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .—In carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall provide access to magnetic EEG/ EKG-guided resonance therapy to not more than 50 veterans. (d) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for a one-year period. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the termination of the pilot program under subsection (d), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the pilot program. (f) N
OAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—No additional amounts are author-ized to be appropriated to carry out the re-quirements of this section. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts au-thorized under provisions of law other than this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rial. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1162, a bill to expand the use of EEG/EKG-guided magnetic resonance therapy to treat veterans with PTSD, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trauma, chronic pain, and opiate addic-tion at VA medical centers. A 2016 VA report found that mental health conditions and substance abuse among veterans is alarmingly high and steadily on the rise, up from 27 percent in 2001 to over 40 percent in 2014. Per-haps even more alarming, the same re-port showed that VA has increased its use of prescription opioids by 259 per-cent over the same period to treat these invisible wounds. Magnetic resonance therapy, or MRT, is an emerging technology that has been used to treat over 400 veterans with symptoms of their mental condi-tions. MRT uses quantitative electro-encephalogram, electrocardiogram technology to target the affected areas of the brain and apply repetitive mag-netic stimulation to return normal function to those areas. MRT has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat de-pression, and a 2015 study found that veterans who underwent 2 weeks of treatment for PTSD reported an aver-age of 47.4 percent reduction in symp-tom severity. After 4 weeks of treat-ment, veteran participants saw a 64 percent reduction in symptom severity on average. The same study showed zero reports of worsening symptoms or adverse effects from the treatment. H.R. 1162 would create a 1-year pilot at two VA facilities during which 50 veterans would be provided MRT treat-ment for PTSD, traumatic brain in-jury, military sexual trauma, chronic pain, and opioid addiction. b1530 Ninety days after the end of the pilot, the Secretary of the VA would issue a report to Congress on the effi-cacy of the pilot. Mr. Speaker, with such promising re-sults from preliminary tests of MRT technology, I believe that we must act quickly to make this emerging tech-nology available to more veterans suf-fering from the invisible wounds of war. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), my good friend and fellow Army veteran, for sponsoring this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1162, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1162. With all of the things that you heard the chairman talk about and substance abuse disorder on the rise, the VA should continue to explore the benefits of alternative treatments and how best to provide care to our vet-erans. Medical providers must think outside of the box and find effective ways to treat the symptoms a veteran is experi-encing, and do so in a way that does not compromise a veteran’s health, re-lationships, and progress towards a successful transition home. Mr. Speaker, for this reason, I would ask my colleagues to support this im-portant piece of legislation and start moving in a direction that serves our veterans with the best treatment for them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership on all veteran issues. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1162, the No Hero Left Un-treated Act. I rise today to stand with our Nation’s veterans for whom the trauma from the battlefield does not always appear. Whether it is PTS, TBI, MST, chronic pain, or opioid drugs ad-diction, the pilot program established by this bill would provide an innova-tive individualized treatment for all- too-common diagnoses that our vet-erans face today. Using a suite of FDA-approved med-ical tools, the magnetic EEG/EKG- guided resonance therapy, or MeRT, is a nonpharmaceutical and noninvasive procedure that has already shown great promise. This bill requires the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to establish the pilot program, treat 50 veterans using MeRT at two different VA loca-tions, and then come back with a re-port at the end of that. Already at the Brain Treatment Cen-ter in California, 98 percent of veterans in recent trials have experienced at least a 10-point change in their mili-tary PTSD checklist, or PCL-M, which ranges from 17 to 80. The Active-Duty military has al-ready begun clinical trials using the MeRT procedure at Tinker Air Force Base, concluding that ‘‘transcranial MeRT is a promising adjuvant treat-ment modality to help veterans suf-fering from PTSD.’’ In fact, after 4 weeks of active treatment, MeRT re-duced the average PCL-M score from 66 to 37. U.S. Special Operations Command has also funded their own trials using the Brain Treatment Center’s treat-ment modality and is conducting re-search at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida and Naval Special Warfare Command in my home State of Cali-fornia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.054 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4471 May 23, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R ECORD  letters of support for H.R. 1162 from AMVETS, the Veterans Health Coun-cil, the Association of the United States Navy, Veterans Advantage, The Patriot Project, Lines for Life, the Na-tional Foundation for Women Legisla-tors, the PsychArmor Institute, STEADFAST Leadership, and the WestCare Foundation. 
AMVETS, Lanham, MD, April 5, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : AMVETS (American Veterans) is pleased to support your bill, H.R. 1162, the No Hero Left Un-treated Act, which seeks to establish a pilot program for two Department of Veterans Af-fairs (VA) medical centers to treat fifty vet-erans using magnetic EEG/EKG-guided reso-nance therapy. Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance ther-apy has successfully treated more than 400 veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trau-ma, chronic pain, and opiate addiction. This small pilot would be instructive to VA in un-derstanding the benefits and deciding wheth-er to offer this promising therapy to those receiving VA health care. If it were fully understood how to treat these nuanced disorders and health issues, VA would already be doing so—and suffice it to say—the veteran suicide rate would most assuredly be lower than it is now. It is im-perative that we, as a nation, look at new ways to help those who have stood up and walked the walk, and suffer the con-sequences day after day. AMVETS is in full support of this measure and appreciates your leadership in intro-ducing this important legislation and in striving to improve the lives of all veterans. Sincerely, J
OSEPH R. C HENELLY , Executive Director. 
VETERANS HEALTH COUNCIL , Silver Spring, MD, February 21, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : I am writing in support of the H.R. No Heroes Left Un-treated Act. This important piece of legisla-tion will bring to America’s Veterans a sig-nificant contribution toward health solu-tions for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), Mili-tary Sexual Trauma (MST), chronic pain and opiate drug addiction through MeRT (Mag-netic EEG/EKG-guided Resonance Therapy). As of early 2015, the effects of collective failure to adequately address the emotional and physical effects of combat; particularly Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI), mild Trau-matic Brain Injuries (mTBI), and PTSD have left the Veteran community paying a dis-proportionate toll for their service to the Nation. Current treatment modalities clear-ly have limited utility. The urgency of un-derstanding and responding to this national issue becomes more obvious, when one sees the growing scope, impact and prevalence of PTSD, both in Veteran suicides and in re-lated societal indicators. While some may view this as a societal cost that cannot be averted, that is not the view of the doctors at the Newport Brain Research Lab/Brain Treatment Center (NBRL/BTC). MeRT brings a novel neuromodulation approach achieving unprecedented success rates in both open- label trial and randomized, placebo-con-trolled, double-blind studies. To date, over 98% of Veteran PTSD/TBI patients have re-sponded positively averaging a 61% reduction in symptom severity as measured by the PCL–M (PTSD Check List—Military) and demonstrated by measurable EEG/EKG changes. We applaud your continued interest in ex-ploring effective, science-based and proven medical technologies to help our Veterans. Like you, we believe it is our obligation and duty to ensure Veterans receive the treat-ment they need to have their lives and liveli-hoods restored. Sincerely, THOMAS J. B ERGER , PH.D., Executive Director. 
ASSOCIATION OF THE  U
NITED STATES NAVY, Alexandria, VA, March 21, 2017. Hon. S
TEPHEN KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. On behalf of the Association of the United States Navy, we would like to pledge our support for H.R. 1162, the No Hero Left Un-treated Act. This bill directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide access to magnetic EEG/ EKG guided resonance therapy to veterans. Magnetic EEG/EKG guided resonance ther-apy has successfully treated more than 400 veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trau-ma, chronic pain, and opiate addiction. Re-cent clinical trials and randomized, placebo- controlled, double blind studies have pro-duced promising measurable outcomes in the evolution of this type of therapy. The pilot program, as laid out in the bill, will allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG guided resonance therapy to treat suffering veterans. The program will be located at no more than two facilities and test no more than fifty veterans. The program will be car-ried out for one year, and no more than 90 days after the termination of the program, the Secretary will submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House a report on the pilot program. Thank you for taking an active role in such an important issue to the Military and Veteran community by working to improve the lives and careers of those who served our great nation. Please feel free to contact me with any questions or concern. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL J. L ITTLE , Director of Legislative Affairs. 
VETERANS ADVANTAGE , Greenwich, CT, February 17, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : On behalf of Veterans Advantage, PBC, the leading pri-vate-sector benefit company that advocates for greater respect, recognition and rewards for U.S. military, veterans and their family members, I am writing in support of the No Hero Left Untreated Act, HR1162. I am a Vietnam Veteran who has first-hand experience with the effects of Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and Post Traumatic Stress (PTS). My son, who has sustained multiple concussions and suffers from PTS, has undergone treatment at the Brain Treat-ment Center (BTC) over the last year and continues to do so. As a result of this treat-ment, we have seen significant progress in addressing the symptoms associated with his condition, in particular his depression and anxiety have lessened. No other therapies have any effect on his condition. He has made steady progress and is now on the road to restoring his health. The current state of treatment for TBI, mild Traumatic Brain Injury (mTBI), and PTS, is woefully inadequate. While hundreds of thousands of servicemembers suffer from these conditions when they return from war zones and multiple tours while serving our nation, there is a systemic failure to address the emotional and physical effects of com-bat. This is a national crisis and one we must address immediately. The legislation you are advocating is a sig-nificant step to provide the treatment our servicemen and women so desperately need and deserve. I have reviewed the double blind studies with Dr. Jin and the staff of the BTC. The use of Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided Reso-nance Therapy (MeRT, a non-invasive treat-ment) under the direction of the BTC has achieved unprecedented success rates in in both open-label trials and randomized, pla-cebo-controlled, double-blind studies. To date, over 98% of veteran PTSD/TBI patients have responded positively to this treatment option—averaging a 61% reduction in symp-tom severity as measured by the PTSD Check List—Military (PCL–M) and dem-onstrated by measurable EEG/EKG changes. Thank you for your initiative in spon-soring this important legislation and your support of America’s heroes through the No Hero Left Behind Act. Respectfully yours, H. SCOTT HIGGINS , Vietnam War Veteran, CEO/Veterans Advantage, PBC. 
THEPATRIOT PROJECT , March 2, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : On behalf of the Patriot Project, a grassroots movement to provide Military Service Members, Fami-lies, Gold Star Dependents and Wounded Warriors with vital Chiropractic care to which they have little access, despite its in-clusion in Veteran benefits; I am writing in support of H.R. 1162, the No Hero Left Un-treated Act. This important piece of legisla-tion offers America’s Veterans a timely non- drug health solution for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Traumatic Brain In-jury (TBI), Military Sexual Trauma (MST), chronic pain, and opiate drug addiction through Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided Reso-nance Therapy technology (MeRT tech-nology). Consisting of over 5000 Chiropractors, na-tionwide, the Patriot Project has witnessed the invisible and visible life-altering injuries of war these Veterans suffer, with little ac-cess to solutions except for drugs, and sur-geries. The Patriot Project Board, made up of more than half a dozen Congressional Medal of Honor Recipients, has taken on the challenge of restoring hope to our returning warriors by pursuing non-drug interventions with vigor. As tens of thousands of Veterans return home each year, they encounter a systemic failure to adequately address the emotional and physical effects of combat. Current treatments for PTSD, TBI and even mild Traumatic Brain Injuries (mTBI) have lim-ited utility to sufficiently heal our Veterans. The urgency of understanding and respond-ing to this national crisis becomes even more compelling when one sees the growing scope, impact and prevalence of PTSD particularly in Veteran suicide rates. The doctors at the Newport Brain Research Lab/Brain Treat-ment Center (NBRL/BTC), believe it is their obligation and duty to ensure Veterans re-ceive the treatment they need to have their lives and livelihoods restored. H.R. 1162 is a significant step forward in providing Veterans with the treatment they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.056 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4472 May 23, 2017 
desperately need and clearly deserve. MeRT technology brings a novel neuromodulation approach, achieving unprecedented success rates in both open-label trials and random-ized, placebo-controlled, double-blind studies with over 98% of Veteran PTSD/TBI patients responding positively to this treatment op-tion. Without investment in such innovative treatment, our nation’s Veterans will con-tinue to pay a disproportionate toll for their service. We applaud Congressman Knight and his attentive staff for their commitment to ex-plore effective, science-based, and proven medical technologies and their unwavering support to helping America’s heroes. Sincerely, D
R. CAROL ANNMALIZIA , CAM Integrative Consulting, Patriot Project Board Member. 
LINES FOR LIFE, March 9, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : Thank you for your ongoing efforts to support our veterans, particularly through HR 1162, the No Hero Left Untreated Act. Lines for Life supports this important piece of legislation that will expand promising neurological treatment for veterans coping with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), traumatic brain injury (TBI), military sexual trauma, chronic pain, and opiate addiction. Lines for Life operates a regional Military Helpline that offers free, anonymous help to active-duty service members, veterans, and their families. We also serve as the sole backup center for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs’ Veterans Crisis Line. In 2016, we received over 31,500 military-related calls from individuals who are struggling to cope with mental health issues including anger, substance abuse, post-traumatic stress, and thoughts of suicide. Veterans comprise 9% of the United States population, but account for 18% of suicides. Our nation’s inadequate attention to the emotional and physical effects of combat, particularly TBI and PTSD, have left our veteran community paying a dispropor-tionate toll for their service. Treatment methods to date have had limited utility. We must respond to the growing scope, impact, and prevalence of PTSD by enhancing our understanding and response to this critical issue. We applaud your continued interest in ex-ploring effective, science-based, and proven medical technologies to help our veterans. We believe it is our obligation and duty to ensure veterans receive the treatment they need to have their lives and livelihoods re-stored. Sincerely, D
WIGHT HOLTON , Executive Director. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR  W
OMEN LEGISLATORS , March 6, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC D
EAR CONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : We are writ-ing in support of HR 1162 the No Hero Left Untreated Act, for which your efforts should be highly commended on behalf of Veterans. This important piece of legislation will bring America’s Veterans a significant contribu-tion to their health solutions for Post-Trau-matic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), Military Sexual Trauma (MST), chronic pain and opiate drug addic-tion through MeRT (Magnetic EEG/EKG- guided Resonance Therapy). As of early 2015, the effects of our nation’s collective failure to adequately address the emotional and physical effects of combat, particularly Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI), mild Traumatic Brain Injuries (mTBI), and PTSD have left our Veteran community pay-ing a disproportionate toll for their service to the Nation. Treatment modalities to date, clearly, have had limited utility. The ur-gency of understanding and responding to this national issue becomes more obvious when one sees the growing scope, impact, and prevalence of PTSD, evident both in Vet-eran suicides and related societal indicators. While some may view this as a societal cost that cannot be averted, that is not our view. We applaud your continued interest in ex-ploring effective, science-based and proven medical technologies to help our Veterans. Like you, we believe it is our obligation and duty to ensure Veterans receive the treat-ment they need to have their lives and liveli-hoods restored. Sincerely, MINNESOTA STATE SENATOR  C
ARRIE RUUD, 2017 NFWL Chair, On behalf of the Board of Directors of the National Founda-tion for Women Leg-islators. 
PSYCHARMOR INSTITUTE , March 8, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : I am writing in support of HR 1162 the No Hero Left Un-treated Act, for which your efforts should be highly commended on behalf of Veterans. This important piece of legislation will allow for a neurological treatment option for Vet-erans who suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), Military Sexual Trauma (MST), chronic pain and opiate drug addiction. This non-pharmaceutical and non-invasive treatment has helped hundreds of Veterans and their families who are supporting and caring for these Veterans. There is no one treatment for every individual, and it is im-portant to give Veterans options so that they have the power to choose which treat-ment is best for them and their situation. Veterans have sacrificed so much for our na-tion; it is our obligation to provide for them and their families. We applaud your continued interest in ex-ploring effective, science-based and proven medical technologies to help our Veterans. Like you, we believe it is our obligation and duty to ensure Veterans receive the treat-ment they need to have their lives and liveli-hoods restored. Sincerely, M
ARJORIE MORRISON , PsychArmor Institute, CEO & Founder. 
FEBRUARY 17, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : Recent elec-tions have focused us, once again, on the ‘‘here and now.’’ And rightly so. With the elections behind us, we have a shared sense of relief. But for combat veterans, the ‘‘here and now’’ is also often defined by ‘‘there and then.’’ They carry courage into battle, serve with honor and come home—often finding they need new courage to confront a new foe. Veterans who confront post-traumatic stress, traumatic brain injury, and related symptoms also deserve relief—and this Vet-erans’ Day, Congress is poised to give it to them. Truth can be compelling when it meets you up close and personal. You know that for many Veterans, there is new truth afoot, and it is compelling—and hopeful. In recent years, the specialized, little-publicized brain treatment program for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) known as Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided Resonance Therapy (MeRT technology) has emerged. The unique treat-ment, much studied and now widely corrobo-rated, is powerful. It changes lives. Just as the election was an inflection point, you have recognized that Congress is in a position to change lives in America for the better. If Congress can move beyond words and intentions, beyond political joust-ing, America’s veterans will be forever grate-ful—and lives will be saved by the thousands, and you are doing just that. The chance to give life back to those on the edge, who wrestle daily with PTSD and related life-stresses and opiate addiction, is at our finger-tips. The Washington Post and veteran publications have aptly described it, and time is now for action. I cannot say this with more conviction: We must act to save the precious lives, and every one at risk is precious. We lose more than 20 young men and women daily to PTSD, and we can stop this in a single congressional vote for your bill. The No Hero Left Untreated Act H.R. 1162 can help to change everything. Through pilot programs administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), veterans will turn a critical corner. It will help to restore their mental health, saving countless lives and those touched by those lives. Without this act, our veterans will continue to languish without access to this help. Seeing you, in a first post-election act bringing fifty Mem-bers together to unify around what matters, can only be applauded. Politics aside, Con-gress acting now to pass H.R. 1162 and a Sen-ate companion bill following immediately will begin immediately saving the veterans most at risk. As your action clearly dem-onstrates, there can no longer be any excuse. As first reported by the Washington Post, this is an inflection point—a show stopper, a real chance for meaningful change. Tested through double-blind studies, 98 percent of MeRT-treated veterans experienced at least a 10-point improvement in their PTSD Check List–Military (PCL–M) score, and saw sig-nificant reduction in symptom severity, after only 4 weeks of treatment. These re-sults have been mirrored in additional open label trials as well. Nothing else I know of has come close to this success rate. Congressman Knight, all this brings me to today and my offering of my support for your efforts on behalf of my brothers and sis-ters who have so ably served. I thank you for making their futures your first priority in the 115th Congress. Sincerely, REBECCA HALSTEAD , Brigadier General Retired, (USA retired). 
WESTCAREFOUNDATION , February 22, 2017. Hon. S
TEVE KNIGHT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN KNIGHT : The purpose of this letter is to show full support from WestCare Foundation, Inc, for H.R. 1162, the No Hero Left Untreated Act. This progres-sive piece of legislation brings a critical health solution for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), Military Sexual Trauma (MST), chronic pain, and opiate drug addiction to our nation’s Veterans through Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided Resonance Therapy (MeRT technology). The doctors of the Newport Brain Research Lab/Brain Treatment Center (NBRL/BTC) have introduced a game-changer addressing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.019 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4473 May 23, 2017 
seemingly intractable behavioral health con-ditions through their development of MeRT technology. The data from both open label and double-blind studies of MeRT technology are compelling. This protocol, offered as a first line treatment of the physical brain through neuromodulation, can improve the behavioral health outcomes for all of us who subsequently provide evidence-based thera-pies that will further benefit Veteran pa-tients and clients as, together, we create a more effective comprehensive continuum of care. As a Veteran of the Vietnam War, myself, I am especially interested in seeing the VA bring this work into their practice of medi-cine. For over forty years later, we continue to see the negative life impact of war on our men and women who served without the ad-vent of practice and protocols sufficient for their full recovery. MeRT technology is pro-ducing results that are saving lives and in-creasing the potential for follow-on thera-pies to change the future trajectory of the lives of our Veterans and their families as well. We owe our warriors the very best treat-ment available in America. MeRT tech-nology is clearly making a difference. I com-mend you for offering this important legisla-tion and urge its passage as soon as possible! Every day without it can be measured in loss of life, in loss of positive contribution to our communities from our American heroes, and in loss of our fathers and mothers, sons and daughters, friends and neighbors. Sincerely, R
ICHARD STEINBERG , President/CEO. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, in a time when the Defense Department main-tains technological superiority over our adversaries in combat, our Vet-erans Affairs Department must con-tinue to push the technological limit to treating our selfless servicemembers once their duty is done. I am optimistic that this pilot pro-gram for our veteran population will be the first of many that improves our ability to heal wounded veterans. Mr. Speaker, I will leave my col-leagues with one last quote. As the AMVETS’ executive director stated in his letter of support for this bill: ‘‘It is imperative that we, as a nation, look at new ways to help those who have stood up and walked the walk, and suf-fer the consequences day after day.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) for his innovative approach in trying to get services to our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join us in passing H.R. 1162. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I, too, encourage all Members to sup-port this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1162. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
VA PRESCRIPTION DATA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1545) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the au-thority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose certain patient in-formation to State controlled sub-stance monitoring programs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1545 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Prescrip-tion Data Accountability Act 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS DIS-CLOSURE OF PATIENT INFORMA-TION TO STATE CONTROLLED SUB-STANCE MONITORING PROGRAMS. 
Section 5701(l) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Under’’; (2) by striking ‘‘a veteran or the dependent of a veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘a covered indi-vidual’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) In this subsection, a ‘covered indi-vidual’ is an individual who is dispensed medication prescribed by an employee of the Department or by a non-Department pro-vider authorized to prescribe such medica-tion by the Department.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1545, the VA Prescription Data Accountability Act of 2017. H.R. 1545 would require the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to disclose information about any individual prescribed medi-cation by a VA employee or a provider authorized by the VA to a State Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Program to the extent necessary to prevent misuse and diversion of prescription medica-tion. Prescription Drug Monitoring Pro-grams are Statewide electronic data-bases that collect and distribute infor-mation on prescription medication to certain authorized individuals or enti-ties. They are used to identify and ad-dress prescription drug abuse, addic-tion, and diversion. While 90 percent of the VA’s patient population are veterans, the VA treats certain nonveterans, including Active- Duty servicemembers who receive VA care through sharing agreements with the Department of Defense, depend-ents, caregivers of veterans, and VA staff, to name a few. Current law authorizes the VA to dis-close information to Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs for veterans and dependents of veterans only. The VA is not authorized to disclose information for other patients. Moreover, technological barriers pre-vent the VA from transmitting depend-ent data to Prescription Drug Moni-toring Programs. That means that pre-scription drug information for non-veterans—10 percent of the VA’s pa-tient population, which translates to more than 700,000 veterans this fiscal year—is not being shared with Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Programs today. In light of ongoing concerns about the potential for misuse or diversion of prescription medication, particularly opioid medications, it is imperative that the VA share information about all VA patients, veteran and non-veteran, to State Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs. It is a matter of public safety. H.R. 1545 is supported by the Amer-ican Legion, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and by the VA, who testified before the Subcommittee on Health earlier this year that this authority would ‘‘ensure that VA is able to fulfill its public health role in sharing vital clinical information to help guide treatment decisions.’’ Mr. Speaker, this bill is sponsored by the gentlewoman of New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and In-vestigations, who is joined by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health; the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations; and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Health. I am grateful to all of them for sponsoring this legislation. It has my full support, and I urge all of our col-leagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1545 offered by the gentle-woman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), who is the ranking member of our Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee, and, as importantly, a champion of policies that make sure the scourge of opioid addiction is ad-dressed in this Congress, and is a lead-ing expert on it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.028 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4474 May 23, 2017 
This legislation would make signifi-cant progress towards curbing sub-stance abuse disorders and diversion of prescription medication in our veteran population. As you heard, currently, a veteran’s dependent can receive a prescription for a controlled substance from a pro-vider in the community, and then they receive the same prescription for the same controlled substance from a VA provider without either provider’s knowledge of what happened. Congress, in the past, has attempted to remedy this problem but, due to confusion within the VA, was unsuc-cessful. I believe that Congresswoman K
USTER ’s legislation would clear up this confusion and allow the VA to bet-ter serve both veterans and their de-pendents by allowing the VA and com-munity providers to recognize and treat substance abuse disorders instead of contributing to them by uninten-tionally overprescribing. Mr. Speaker, I fully support this leg-islation. I would encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VA Prescription Data Accountability Act. We face a serious opioid epidemic in our communities across the Nation. As we work to put forth solutions to this crisis, it is critical that we incor-porate the Veterans Health Adminis-tration into existing, effective con-trolled substance monitoring pro-grams. To ensure effective, accurate over-sight of who is being prescribed con-trolled substances, this legislation would require the VA to disclose infor-mation about all individuals, veteran or dependent, who receive such pre-scriptions from the VHA. In my home State of Pennsylvania, we have an established comprehensive and effective Prescription Drug Moni-toring Program. Incorporating addi-tional data from the VA is an appro-priate step to utilize proven existing networks to fight back against the opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), my good friend and the ranking member of the Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee, and a critical partner in serving our veterans. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) and the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) for their support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak on my bill, H.R. 1545, the VA Prescription Accountability Act. This bill dem-onstrates the power of bipartisanship in this Congress, especially on the House VA Committee. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) for his willingness to co-lead this bill with me, and also the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) for cospon-soring this commonsense legislation. This bill is common sense because it improves upon the Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, also known as PDMPs across this country. PDMPs are proven resources in combating our Nation’s opioid epidemic. PDMPs im-prove the public health and our general well-being. In 2012, the VA was finally authorized to connect its patient population to State PDMPs. But, unfortunately, an issue with the VA’s antiquated com-puter systems meant that literally hundreds of thousands of nonveteran patients at the VA were left excluded from the data reported to PDMPs by the VA. As the ranking member of the House Veterans’ Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I am all too familiar with the continued issues with com-puter systems across the entirety of the VA. This issue underscores the need for the VA and this Congress to ensure effective and rapid reform to the VA’s computer systems. When those systemic shortcomings poten-tially exacerbate the Nation’s opioid epidemic, I saw the importance to take action. Through my Bipartisan Heroin Task Force, we in Congress have learned the importance of ensuring prescription opioids are not misused. The con-sequences are truly dire. Over 30,000 Americans die in opioid-related overdoses every year. That number just continues to rise. This bill represents a small but prac-tical step forward in addressing this crisis. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote in favor of this low-cost bill. It will help ensure these important programs work as intended by closing the gap in prescription information. I urge my Senate colleagues to quickly take up the bill and pass it in the Sen-ate as well. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ), our vice ranking member of the full Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs and a true champion of veterans. b1545 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my colleague from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) and her bill to improve information sharing between providers to ensure that they are able to follow safe prescribing practices. The VA Prescription Data Account-ability Act helps to close a loophole in statute that limits the data that the VA can share with Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, or PDMPs. These databases track the prescribing and dispensing of controlled substances to help find suspected fraud and inter-vene with patients who are at high risk for prescription drug abuse. These databases are only as useful as the in-formation they collect. Since 2011, the VA has been able to share prescription data with PDMPs, but only for the veteran patients it sees. Statutory and technical chal-lenges have prevented the Department from sharing data from nonveteran pa-tients with PDMPs. Approximately 10 percent of the VA’s patients are non-veterans. We are talking about 700,000 patients each year. Now, Ms. KUSTER ’s bill expands the authority of the VA to share all pa-tient data with PDMPs. This will allow us to better monitor the use of pre-scription drugs and help combat a growing opioid epidemic. On average, 650,000 opioid prescrip-tions are dispensed daily in the United States, and 78 people die from opioid- related overdoses. Properly tracking prescription drugs is one of the first steps to turn the tide on this epidemic. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in passing H.R. 1545. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. In over 31 years of the practice of medicine, I have seen great changes, many of them to the good. One of the things that has disturbed me greatly is the opioid epidemic that we have in this great country at this time. I am an obstetrician. I have delivered a lot of babies in my career, and it was a rare event when we saw a baby that was addicted to opioids—as a matter of fact, almost never until, literally, about 20 years ago, and 10 years ago a full-fledged epidemic. In our hospital at home, we have a neonatal intensive care unit that cares for nothing but opioid-addicted babies. In our State of Tennessee, Mr. Speaker, we have had more people who died of prescription drug overdose deaths than died in car wrecks. It now exceeds many cancer deaths in the country. This bill has my 100 percent support, and I certainly want to thank Ms. K
USTER for her great work on this bill. We have shared a trip to Afghanistan together, as we did with Mr. T
AKANO , and had a chance to talk about these things in great detail. I want to thank her and also the ranking member for their support in this. I once again encourage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.059 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4475 May 23, 2017 
the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1545. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMPROVING THE TREATMENT OF MEDICAL EVIDENCE PROVIDED BY NON-DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL PRO-FESSIONALS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1725) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Department of Veterans Affairs medical professionals in support of claims for disability compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1725 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPORT ON PROGRESS OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AC-CEPTABLE CLINICAL EVIDENCE INI-TIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the progress of the Acceptable Clinical Evidence initiative of the Department of Veterans Affairs in reducing the necessity for in-person disability examinations and other ef-forts to comply with the provisions of section 5125 of title 38, United States Code. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) The number of claims eligible for the Ac-ceptable Clinical Evidence initiative during the period beginning on the date of the commence-ment of the initiative and ending on the date of the submittal of the report, disaggregated by fis-cal year. (2) The total number of claims eligible for the Acceptable Clinical Evidence initiative that re-quired a medical examiner of the Department to supplement the evidence with information ob-tained during a telephone interview with a claimant. (3) Information on any other initiatives or ef-forts of the Department to further encourage the use of private medical evidence and reliance upon reports of a medical examination adminis-tered by a private physician if the report is suf-ficiently complete to be adequate for the pur-poses of adjudicating a claim. (4) The anticipated impact on the timeline and accuracy of a decision on a claim for benefits under chapter 11 or 15 of title 38, United States Code, if the Secretary were prohibited from re-questing a medical examination in the case of a claim in support of which a claimant submits medical evidence and a medical opinion pro-vided by a private physician that is competent, credible, probative, and otherwise adequate for the purpose of making a decision on that claim. (5) Recommendations on how the Department can measure, track, and prevent the ordering of unnecessary medical examinations when the provision by a claimant of a medical examina-tion administered by a private physician in sup-port of a claim for benefits under chapter 11 or 15 of title 38, United States Code, is adequate for the purpose of making a decision on that claim. SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORT ON SUBMITTAL OF PRI-VATE MEDICAL EVIDENCE IN SUP-PORT OF CLAIMS FOR DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BENEFITS. 
Not later than March 1 of fiscal years 2018 through 2024, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report that includes, for the calendar year preceding the year in which the report is submitted, the following for each regional office of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs: (1) The number of times a veteran who sub-mitted private medical evidence in support of a claim for compensation or pension under the laws administered by the Secretary was sched-uled for an examination performed by Depart-ment personnel because the private medical evi-dence submitted was determined to be unaccept-able. (2) The most common reasons why private medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary was determined to be unacceptable. (3) The types of disabilities for which claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary were mostly commonly denied when private medical evidence was submitted. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rial in the R
ECORD on H.R. 1725, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 1725, as amended, was intro-duced by my good friend Mr. W
ALZ, the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. This bill addresses a very serious issue. When a veteran files a claim for disability benefits, VA may need a medical opinion regarding whether the injury or illness is service connected and, if it is, the extent of the veteran’s disability. The problem is that the VA often schedules a medical disability ex-amination when one might not be need-ed. Many times, a veteran will submit medical evidence from a private doctor with enough information for VA to de-cide the claim, but we hear about cases where VA still requires a VA examina-tion. Ordering unnecessary disability examinations is a waste of time and re-sources. It takes doctors away from taking care of their patients and con-ducting other disability examinations. H.R. 1725, as amended, would require VA to provide reports to Congress about its use of private medical evi-dence. This information will be used to help us find ways to make the dis-ability examination more efficient for veterans. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1725, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this piece of legislation. I want to thank the chairman person-ally for bringing this forward and for being very eloquent in his words on what this does. It is appropriate that it is part of this block of legislation deal-ing with appeals reform also. I thank the folks who have worked on this for years: Mr. DENHAM , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C
OSTELLO , Ms. K USTER , Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, and Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER. As originally introduced, this bill sought to change a current require-ment stipulating that initial physical examinations of those seeking to file disability claims must be conducted by the VA. It was to allow veterans to see a local doctor. Again, as the chairman so clearly pointed out, it was to relieve some of the pressure on the VA, while recog-nizing we have quality, ethically trust-worthy physicians in the private sector who can deliver some of these services. The idea was that requiring the VA to accept private medical evidence from a qualified physician would ease the ben-efit process in rural communities, ex-pedite diagnosis of disabilities, and re-duce the wait times and the backlogs. This is a problem that we have been working on for many years. We intro-duced similar language in 2013, 2014, and 2015. I would like to thank all my fellow members, both on and off the com-mittee, and those who are no longer in Congress for working toward this. I am especially thankful to Chairman B
OST and Ms. E
STYfor having worked with me to tighten the scope of this bill to address the cost that the Congressional Budget Office scored it to. As it is now, the bill requires an an-nual report on how veterans obtain pri-vate medical evidence in support of their claim, how often it is rejected, and why. It is my hope that this data will help build our case for mandating that the VA accept all credible private medical evidence. We cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good and need to get started gathering this data as soon as possible. As we also work to improve the ap-peals process today, making it more convenient for veterans to get and sub-mit medical evidence, this component will be important. By continuing our work on this issue, veterans will be able to complete their claims faster; start receiving the benefits that they have earned faster; and make sure that the stress you heard about with 20 years of waiting, much of that time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.062 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4476 May 23, 2017 
seeing private physicians and gath-ering evidence to support the very claim that is being denied, this piece of legislation should make sense with that. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank everyone involved with this. I urge my col-leagues to support this piece of legisla-tion, H.R. 1725. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly endorse this bill. Mr. W
ALZ, Sergeant Major Walz, speaks with great passion about it. He has the Mayo Clinic in his district. I can’t imagine an evaluation at the Mayo Clinic by physicians there wouldn’t be adequate for the VA. I wholeheartedly support this bill, H.R. 1725, as amended. I urge all Mem-bers to also support it. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1725, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evi-dence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1329) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service- connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensa-tion for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims, to improve the proc-essing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1329 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans’ Com-pensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. INCREASE IN RATES OF DISABILITY COM-PENSATION AND DEPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSATION. 
(a) R ATEADJUSTMENT .—Effective on Decem-ber 1, 2017, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall increase, in accordance with subsection (c), the dollar amounts in effect on November 30, 2017, for the payment of disability compensation and dependency and indemnity compensation under the provisions specified in subsection (b). (b) AMOUNTS TOBEINCREASED .—The dollar amounts to be increased pursuant to subsection (a) are the following: (1) W
ARTIME DISABILITY COMPENSATION .— Each of the dollar amounts under section 1114 of title 38, United States Code. (2) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION FOR DEPEND -
ENTS.—Each of the dollar amounts under sec-tion 1115(1) of such title. (3) C
LOTHING ALLOWANCE .—The dollar amount under section 1162 of such title. (4) D
EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO SURVIVING SPOUSE .—Each of the dollar amounts under subsections (a) through (d) of section 1311 of such title. (5) D
EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO CHILDREN .—Each of the dollar amounts under sections 1313(a) and 1314 of such title. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF INCREASE .—Each dol- lar amount described in subsection (b) shall be increased by the same percentage as the per-centage by which benefit amounts payable under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are increased effective Decem-ber 1, 2017, as a result of a determination under section 215(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). (d) S
PECIAL RULE.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may adjust administratively, consistent with the increases made under subsection (a), the rates of disability compensation payable to persons under section 10 of Public Law 85–857 (72 Stat. 1263) who have not received compensa-tion under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. PUBLICATION OF ADJUSTED RATES. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall pub-lish in the Federal Register the amounts speci-fied in section 2(b), as increased under that sec-tion, not later than the date on which the mat-ters specified in section 215(i)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)(2)(D)) are required to be published by reason of a determination made under section 215(i) of such Act during fis-cal year 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous material in the R
ECORD on H.R. 1329, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 1329, as amended, is one of the most important bills the House will take up this year. This bill will help ensure that the benefits paid to vet-erans who are disabled as a result of their military service do not lose value because of inflation. H.R. 1329, as amended, authorizes a cost-of-living in-crease for veterans and their families next year as long as Social Security re-cipients receive an increase. We pass this bill every year, and it has always enjoyed wide, bipartisan support. This year’s bill was introduced by the Subcommittee on Disability As-sistance and Memorial Affairs Chair-man BOSTand Ranking Member E STY. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1329, as amended, and help disabled vet-erans and their families keep up with the rate of inflation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise to support H.R. 1329, as amend-ed. The Veterans’ Compensation Cost- of-Living Adjustment Act provides a 1- year cost-of-living adjustment for the rate of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities as well as the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for survivors. As most of us know, this adjustment is tied directly to the rates of increase in Social Security benefits. Disability payments are vital to the economic well-being of most veterans, and that support should never be eroded by in-flation. This bill ensures that does not happen. I thank Chairman R
OEfor bringing the bill to us in a totally bipartisan process, and the Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Af-fairs, as always. The names of Chairman B
OST and Ranking Member E
STY have been brought up a lot today. It says some-thing about it. They are tackling issues that have lasted years. They are bringing up important issues that are going to impact the well-being of vet-erans. You heard them both say it. They did so in a bipartisan manner that I think serves the reputation of this House well. We sorely need more true bipartisan problem solving like this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, Chairman B
OST. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1329, the Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-ment Act of 2017. This bill should be a top priority for all of us this year. H.R. 1329 should ensure that the veterans re-ceive a cost-of-living increase next year if Social Security recipients get one. We all know that the price keeps going up and that if veterans’ benefits don’t keep pace, veterans and their families may have a hard time paying for basic necessities like food, shelter, and clothing. This bill is extremely im-portant to our Nation’s veterans. I ask all Members to support it. I want to thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Disability As-sistance and Memorial Affairs, Ms. E
STY, for her support of this legisla-tion. I urge my colleagues, all, also to support H.R. 1329. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.063 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4477 May 23, 2017 
Florida (Mr. B ILIRAKIS ), the vice chair-man of our committee. b1600 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this truly is a bipartisan committee under the able leadership of Chairman R
OE and Ranking Member W
ALZ. Again, I am proud to serve on this committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1329, the Veterans’ Compensa-tion Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act. Passage of this bill gives our Nation’s veterans the same cost-of-living ad-justment as those receiving benefits through Social Security. These brave men and women have sacrificed so much for the freedoms and liberties we enjoy on a daily basis. As a grateful nation, we must ensure that those who put themselves in harm’s way are able to receive the benefits they have earned and deserve. Pro-viding for our Nation’s true American heroes is not a partisan issue, but sim-ply the right thing to do. Mr. Speaker, approximately 1.6 mil-lion veterans reside in the great State of Florida, where so many veterans call home after serving in the military. As vice chairman of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I am so very proud that Florida is considered one of the most veteran friendly States across the country. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league, Representative M
IKEBOSTfrom Indiana, for introducing this very im-portant piece of legislation. As a cosponsor of H.R. 1329, I urge all of my colleagues to support our Na-tion’s heroes and pass the Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-ment Act. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), my good friend and a member of our committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much for this oppor-tunity to speak on behalf of H.R. 1329, and I salute Congressman B
OSTfrom Il-linois and Congresswoman E
STY from the great State of Connecticut for their great work in a bipartisan fashion to help our heroes. I think, Mr. Speaker, it was our first Commander in Chief, George Wash-ington, who said, in effect, that we can never expect our young men and women to step forward and serve our country in uniform unless and until we make sure we take care of those who have already returned from the battle-field. Now, in the State of Maine, Mr. Speaker, we love our veterans. We have about 125,000 of our heroes in our State of Maine, more than half of whom are in the rural part of our State, the Sec-ond Congressional District of Maine, that I am honored to represent. I think it is a great idea and about time that we make sure that we come before the American people, Repub-licans and Democrats together, to make sure that our veterans receive a cost-of-living adjustment—those who have been disabled—as a result of their service for our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask all Republicans and Democrats on this committee and in this body to please support H.R. 1329. It is the right thing to do, to give a cost-of-living increase to our veterans. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1329. But as we get ready to close on the final piece of seven pieces of legis-lation, some that have taken years, that have included diverse groups com-ing together to try to find solutions, you are seeing today all seven of these bills are going to pass this House. They are going to pass with overwhelmingly, if not unanimous, bipartisan support. I have stood on this floor and have expressed my displeasure and my dis-comfort when we don’t work together. Today it is one of those pleasures to stand here and say this is what the American people expect, and this is the hard work that needs to be done. That kind of thing does not happen by chance. It usually takes one person standing at the middle of that in lead-ership to make it happen. I would like to thank my friend and colleague, our chairman of the com-mittee, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), for ensuring that veterans come before politics, veterans come be-fore partisan differences, and that vet-erans legislation can be done together in a bipartisan manner. So, I thank him for that and encourage support of all of these pieces of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I want to thank my good friend, Ser-geant Major W
ALZfor his kind words. Certainly, what we try to do on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee is leave Republican and Democrat at the door of the committee room and go and do the work of the veterans for what is best for them. It is a true pleasure and honor, if you have ever attended one of our meetings, to see that and to see the effort of all Members. And you can see here today, with seven important pieces of legislation passed, it will help improve the lives of our veterans. I know, for me, that this time of the year—and I feel sure that my friends on the other side of the aisle feel the same way—is one of the most difficult times of the year. It is Memorial Day. And I don’t think we need to forget, this coming Monday, what that means. It is for all of those who didn’t make it home who protected this great coun-try. I know, myself, I get some guilt this time of year. I was a drafted soldier, as many of us were. I served my time in 1973 and 1974 in Korea, just south of the DMZ. Many of my friends didn’t make it home from Vietnam. I still feel for them and their families. I know every Memorial Day, when I attend a service for veterans, it is dif-ficult for me to get through that day because I got to come home, as all of us here who are serving did. We got to raise our children and see our grand-children be born. These men and women who died in Vietnam and other wars didn’t get to do that, as young people are doing today. So I can’t thank, enough, the veterans of this great Nation who serve us every day and keep us free. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support H.R. 1329, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1329, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity com-pensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING THE RIGHTS OF INDI-VIDUALS AGAINST TECHNO-LOGICAL EXPLOITATION ACT Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2052) to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of intimate visual images. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2052 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting the Rights of IndiViduals Against Techno-logical Exploitation Act’’ or the ‘‘PRIVATE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON WRONGFUL BROADCAST OR DISTRIBUTION OF INTIMATE VIS-UAL IMAGES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 917 (article 117 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 917a. Art. 117a. Wrongful broadcast or dis-tribution of intimate visual images ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—Any person subject to this chapter who— ‘‘(1) knowingly and wrongfully broadcasts or distributes an intimate visual image of a private area of another person who— ‘‘(A) is at least 18 years of age at the time the intimate visual image was created; ‘‘(B) is identifiable from the image itself or from information displayed in connection with the image; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.065 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4478 May 23, 2017 
‘‘(C) does not explicitly consent to the broadcast or distribution of the intimate vis-ual image; ‘‘(2) knows or reasonably should have known that the intimate visual image was made under circumstances in which the per-son depicted in the intimate visual image re-tained a reasonable expectation of privacy regarding any broadcast or distribution of the intimate visual image; and ‘‘(3) knows or reasonably should have known that the broadcast or distribution of the intimate visual image is likely— ‘‘(A) to cause harm, harassment, intimida-tion, emotional distress, or financial loss for the person depicted in the intimate visual image; or ‘‘(B) to harm substantially the depicted person with respect to that person’s health, safety, business, calling, career, financial condition, reputation, or personal relation-ships, is guilty of wrongful distribution of intimate visual images and shall by punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section (article): ‘‘(1) B
ROADCAST .—The term ‘broadcast’ means to electronically transmit a visual image with the intent that it be viewed by a person or persons. ‘‘(2) D
ISTRIBUTE .—The term ‘distribute’ means to deliver to the actual or construc-tive possession of another person, including transmission by mail or electronic means. ‘‘(3) I
NTIMATE VISUAL IMAGE .—The term ‘in-timate visual image’ means a photograph, video, film, or recording made by any means that depicts a private area of a person. ‘‘(4) P
RIVATE AREA .—The term ‘private area’ means the naked or underwear-clad genitalia, anus, buttocks, or female areola or nipple. ‘‘(5) R
EASONABLE EXPECTATION OF PRI -
VACY .—The term ‘reasonable expectation of privacy’ refers to circumstances in which a reasonable person would believe that an inti-mate visual image of a private area of the person would not be broadcast or distributed to another person.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 917 (article 117) the following new item: ‘‘917a. 117a. Wrongful broadcast or distribu-tion of intimate visual im-ages.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2052, the Protecting the Rights of Indi-viduals Against Technological Exploi-tation Act, or the PRIVATE Act. This act would amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrong-ful broadcast or distribution of inti-mate visual imagines. Recent revelations that nude photo-graphs of servicemembers were non-consensually posted to social media websites like Marines United is abhor-rent. This repugnant behavior is unac-ceptable, and we must work to prevent this deplorable behavior from occur-ring again. The Neanderthals who committed these acts are not emblematic of the vast majority of decent and honorable servicemembers who serve our Nation. However, the notion that any service-member would think it is acceptable to upload, view, or comment on nude photos of their fellow servicemembers is a serious problem that must be fixed. This bill will help hold perpetrators of these types of crimes accountable. It will strengthen the Uniform Code of Military Justice by establishing an enumerated, punitive article that clearly prohibits the wrongful, non-consensual sharing of intimate visual images, even when those images were initially given with consent. While the Uniform Code of Military Justice currently contains two general articles under which these crimes can already be prosecuted, this new provi-sion will give commanders an addi-tional specific tool and send a clear message to servicemembers that this behavior is unacceptable and is, in fact, a crime. The PRIVATE Act is designed to pro-tect our servicemen and -women and is supported by 26 different military and veterans organizations. While there are many divisive issues facing Congress today, as a retired colonel and 26-year combat veteran of the Air Force, I am heartened that this bill enjoys such significant bipartisan support. I wish to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including Ms. SPEIER for her leadership, for her co-sponsorship, and for her devotion to our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Four years ago, I stood on the House floor and condemned the online bul-lying of U.S. Marine Corps service-women on Facebook. These web pages contained obscene and abusive pic-tures, and implied that women only ad-vanced professionally by performing sexual favors. I sent a letter to the Secretary of De-fense and the Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps asking them to take action. I got a letter back from the Com-mandant which said, ‘‘I share your in-dignation.’’ I didn’t want him to share my indignation. I wanted him to do something about it. Neither he nor the Department of Defense inspector gen-eral did anything. Lack of consequences caused this cul-tural rot to spread further. The Ma-rines United page, through which hun-dreds of Active-Duty and veteran ma-rines viewed thousands of nonconsen-sually distributed intimate imagines, damaged the lives and the careers of more servicemembers than I can imag-ine. In fact, many of these servicemem-bers were identified by name and the bases at which they served. Despite reports of this vile site, new versions continue to crop up and spread more destruction, unchecked by mili-tary leadership. Until now, the leader-ship failures that allowed this to go on for 4 years also extended to Congress. We did nothing except hold a sub-committee hearing on—wait, let me in-dicate what it was on—social media policy, without a single survivor brought to testify. This is not about social media policy. This is about abhorrent behavior by servicemembers against other service-members. Two months ago, a bipartisan group of Members held a hearing on this very issue, and we had victims who testified. One of those members, who was Active Duty, said that her Marine Corps drill instructor said to her and the other women during their training, ‘‘The only women that serve in the marines are sluts, lesbians . . . ’’ or a word that starts with a B that I won’t mention on the House floor. How destructive can that be? Today, that ends. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle are taking a stand. Today, I am honored and proud to support H.R. 2052 with my colleague, Ms. MCSALLY . This bill will ensure that nonconsen-sual pornography is made illegal by ex-plicitly forbidding the sharing of inti-mate images without the consent of the subject. Right now, the reprehensible acts of nonconsensually distributed and con-sensually obtained photographs is not clearly defined as illegal under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. That is why this bill is a critical step in en-suring that our female servicemembers aren’t distracted from protecting the country by having to also protect themselves against online abusers and colleagues within the services. But let me be clear. Our work is not done. If the chain of command con-tinues to see nonconsensual pornog-raphy as a ‘‘boys will be boys’’ joke in-stead of sexual violence, nothing will change. Such conduct must result in severe and immediate consequences for the perpetrators. The PRIVATE Act must pass, and it must be enforced. I also want to note that the passage of the PRIVATE Act does not apply to the civilian people in our country. Al-though 34 States have passed laws to address nonconsensual pornography, their approaches vary widely, and some are very flawed. That is why a Federal law is needed to provide a single, clear articulation of the elements of this crime to ensure that Americans in every part of the country—civilian and military—are protected if they are sub-jected to this heinous abuse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.026 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4479 May 23, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2052. We have come a long way in 4 years since I found those vile Facebook pages. Four years from now, I hope I am standing here commending us all for stamping out the scourge of nonconsensual pornography. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1615 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2052, the Protecting the Rights of IndiViduals Against Technological Ex-ploitation Act, also known as the PRI-VATE Act. This act will amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or dis-tribution of intimate visual images. As technology evolves, so, too, must our judicial systems; and it is clear, es-pecially after the Marines United scan-dal, that there is a gap in the UCMJ. This bill addresses that gap and gives commanders the tools they need to ad-dress this horrific crime of posting or sharing intimate images that were pre-viously privately shared. The bill clearly states that distrib-uting or broadcasting intimate visual images without consent would result in punishment. This change in the UCMJ will send a strong message to any bad actors in our military and remind them that honor, trust, and respect are para-mount whether you are deployed or back home. Servicemembers will know that sharing, broadcasting, or posting intimate images are illegal and will be punished under the UCMJ. I thank the gentlewoman from Ari-zona, Representative M
CSALLY , for in-troducing this important legislation and diligently working it through the legislative process. I am also pleased to see such bipartisan support. Although the circumstances that led this bill to be written are appalling, it is heart-ening to see so many colleagues com-ing together today to make the nec-essary changes. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2052. This amendment to the UCMJ is very necessary and very timely. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, many of us heard of the Ma-rines United Facebook page for the first time. On this page, women ma-rines found that their intimate photos were posted without their knowledge and without their consent. Some had no idea these photos had ever been taken. Beneath the photos, marine members of the Facebook group wrote obscene and abusive comments about their comrades. This betrayal of marines by marines disgracefully disrespects fel-low members, sows the seeds of dis-trust, and undermines the unit cohe-sion so essential to military readiness, putting our national security at risk. Today we bring a bill to the floor to make sure military members who have broadcasted or distributed certain pri-vate images are held accountable. H.R. 2052 creates a separate article under the Uniform Code of Military Justice that specifically criminalizes the wrongful sharing of intimate photos without explicit consent to do so. H.R. 2052 sends a clear message to all servicemembers and to our military leadership that this kind of abusive be-havior will not and must not be toler-ated. Members from both sides of the aisle have come together, and I thank Representatives McSally and Speier for their leadership in support of this com-monsense legislation, and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for it. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), my good friend and colleague, and the co-chair of the bipartisan Women’s Caucus. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my great colleague from California and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their lead-ership on a subject of urgency. Mr. Speaker, in the strongest terms possible, I urge support of this bipar-tisan legislation called the PRIVATE Act that makes it illegal for military members to share explicit photos with-out consent. Our Democratic Working Women’s Group recently held a bipartisan hear-ing regarding the Marine United Facebook page where male marines posted thousands of nude photos of fe-male servicemembers and veterans without their consent. At this hearing, we heard the testi-mony of two courageous female ma-rines whose privacy was violated with the nonconsensual posting of intimate photographs. They described their em-barrassment, their anger, and the vitri-olic harassment by their marine broth-ers that followed, with threats of rape and violence, and stomach-sickening posts like: ‘‘We should throw female Marines into a tub of acid and rip off their eyelashes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am the proud mother of a United States Marine veteran, so I can tell you, I understand firsthand the selfless sacrifice a marine makes when he or she puts on their uniform. So I say to those warriors whose honor was violated: We stand with you today to declare that you were targets of behavior that we will not tolerate; and we will seek to punish those who offended and prevent similar conduct in the future because that conduct is not only degrading to brave patriots, it threatens the safety and security of our Nation. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), the chair of the Bipartisan Task Force to End Sex-ual Violence. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative M
CSALLY and Representative J ACKIE  S
PEIER for bringing us to the floor today. I speak on behalf of H.R. 2052, the PRIVATE Act. I was deeply disturbed by the Marine United photo-sharing scandal, as were many of my col-leagues, both men and women, Repub-lican and Democrat. Our Armed Forces are the greatest fighting forces the world has ever seen. It is unacceptable that members of the Marines sought out intimate photo-graphs of their fellow soldiers and dis-tributed them purposely online. Not only were the actions by the partici-pants in the Marines United scandal morally repugnant, but they jeopard-ized our national security and endan-gered the security of both male and fe-male marines. Women in the Armed Forces put their lives on the line every single day to defend our country, and they should not have their safety risked by their fellow marines. I am proud to support H.R. 2052, the PRIVATE Act, which will update the Uniform Code of Military Justice to en-sure that the type of explicit image sharing we saw in the Marines United scandal is expressly prohibited. As the cofounder, with my colleague, J
ACKIE SPEIER , of the Bipartisan Task Force to End Sexual Violence, I under-stand the persistent challenges that the culture of sexual violence poses on our society. The conversation around sexual vio-lence is beginning to change, thanks in no small part to Members of this Con-gress on both sides of the aisle. This legislation will support broader cul-tural reform and improve the lives of our brave servicemembers. This is an issue that transcends poli-tics, and I am encouraged by the bipar-tisan support for the PRIVATE Act. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to my colleague from Cali-fornia (Mrs. D
AVIS), the ranking mem-ber on the Democratic side of the Armed Services Committee. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleague for bringing this forward. The Marines United website was a disgusting breach of trust, and I imme-diately called for the perpetrators to be prosecuted. I appreciate General Neller coming to Congress earlier this year, taking ownership of the problem, im-mediately establishing a task force, and conducting multimedia and per-sonal engagements across the Marine Corps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.069 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4480 May 23, 2017 
He said he would deal with this im-mediately and decisively, and we de-mand nothing less. I take him at his word, and he was clear in asking to be held accountable. While the Navy and Marine Corps have updated policies regarding social media and established no-tolerance policies for nonconsensual pornog-raphy, these still need to apply across all the services and must be codified into law. For this reason, I support the PRIVATE Act, and I hope that we con-tinue to work together with my col-leagues to ensure that this bill be-comes law. Mr. Speaker, as the scandal unfolded, it became clear to me that, even from initial recruitment, servicemembers must be held to the highest ethical standard online, and prevented from joining the military should their be-havior fail to meet that standard. Our children live their lives online, and the laws need to be updated to re-flect that. The issue of nonconsensual pornography, unfortunately, is preva-lent across our society. It has no place anywhere, but especially not in our military ranks. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. If the gentle-woman from California has no further speakers, I am prepared to close once the gentlewoman does. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close, and, in so doing, I also want to make the point that our com-mitment to making sure that our armed services have the cohesion and readiness to serve requires us to take action on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As a 26-year combat veteran, I am deeply disturbed, but not surprised by the scandal. As a former commander, I know that you need to give commanders all the tools they need to hold perpetrators ac-countable. This is not just about good order and discipline. This is about the military mission. This bill gives com-manders an additional tool in order to address this culture and to hold people accountable for their abhorrent behav-ior. I want to say that I appreciate the strong support across the aisle and our side of the aisle. This is strong, bipar-tisan support. I would urge all of my colleagues to support the PRIVATE Act. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. M
CSALLY. I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I want to add my support for this legislation, and I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia and the gentlewoman from Ari-zona for their longstanding service. We have been dealing with bills deal-ing with sexual assault in the Judici-ary Committee. Having listened to the young female soldiers who were im-pacted by Marines United, I know that this legislation that gives the military leadership additional tools to ensure that the depiction of women and others in the United States military, against their will, on social media, will not be tolerated and will not be viewed as an honorable act under the U.S. Military Code. Giving these tools will show that you will be punished and that men and women will be respected in the United States military. I ask colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for his leader-ship on this issue. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2052. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1630 DHS STOP ASSET AND VEHICLE EXCESS ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 366) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Depart-ment’s vehicle fleet, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in the Senate amendments. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ments. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendments: 
Ω1æOn page 6, line 17, insert shall after heads. Ω2æOn page 12, strike line 16 through page 14, and insert: 
SEC. 3. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall— (1) conduct a review of the implementation of subsection (c)(4) of section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341), as added by section 2 of this Act, for fiscal year 2019, which shall include analysis of the effectiveness of such subsection (c)(4) with respect to cost avoid-ance, savings realized, and component oper-ations; and (2) provide, upon request, to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives informa-tion regarding the review required under para-graph (1). 
Mr. M CCAUL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the Senate amendments. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY BLUE CAMPAIGN AU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1370) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security- wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1370 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Au-thorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCED DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY COORDINATION THROUGH THE BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 434. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized in the Department a unified, anti-human traf-ficking campaign to be known as the ‘Blue Campaign’. As part of the Blue Campaign, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) issue Department-wide guidance to ap-propriate personnel of the Department; ‘‘(2) develop training programs for such personnel; and ‘‘(3) coordinate departmental efforts, in-cluding training for such personnel. ‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE AND TRAINING .—The Blue Campaign shall provide guidance and train-ing to appropriate personnel of the Depart-ment regarding the following: ‘‘(1) Programs for such personnel, as well as Federal, State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement entities, to help iden-tify instances of human trafficking and po-tential connections to terrorist activities, including along the borders of the United States. ‘‘(2) Systematic and routine information sharing between and among the components of the Department and the National Network of Fusion Centers regarding individuals sus-pected or convicted of human trafficking and patterns and practices of human trafficking and potential connections to terrorist activi-ties, including along the borders of the United States. ‘‘(3) Techniques to identify suspected vic-tims of trafficking along the borders of the United States. ‘‘(4) Techniques specifically for Transpor-tation Security Administration personnel to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.071 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4481 May 23, 2017 
‘‘(A) identify suspected victims of traf-ficking at airport security; and ‘‘(B) serve as a liaison and resource to aviation workers and the traveling public. ‘‘(5) Utilizing resources to educate partners and stakeholders and increase public aware-ness of human trafficking, such as indicator cards, fact sheets, pamphlets, posters, bro-chures, and radio and television campaigns. ‘‘(6) Leveraging partnerships with govern-mental, non-governmental, and private sec-tor organizations at the State and local lev-els to raise public awareness of human traf-ficking and potential connections to ter-rorist activities, including along the borders of the United States. ‘‘(7) Any other activities determined nec-essary by the Secretary as part of the Blue Campaign. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘human trafficking’ means an act or practice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. (b) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that, con-sistent with the Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance required under sub-section (a) of section 434 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section), information technology sys-tems utilized within the Department to record and track information regarding indi-viduals suspected or convicted of human trafficking (as such term is defined in such section 434) are capable of systematic and routine information sharing. (c) O
VERSIGHT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall re-port to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate on the sta-tus and effectiveness of the Blue Campaign. (d) A
UTHORIZATION .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, $819,000 is authorized to carry out section 434 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section. (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 434. Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 1370, to combat human trafficking. According to the FBI, human trafficking, which includes forced labor, domestic servitude, and commercial sex trafficking, is the third largest criminal activity in the world. It is a multibillion-dollar industry that enslaves 20 million innocent victims around the world. We need a collaborative multiagency approach to combat this criminal ac-tivity. My bill recognizes and supports the work of the Department of Home-land Security to join these partners to combat this scourge on our society. This bill authorizes a vital lifesaving campaign at the Department to pre-vent human trafficking. This campaign is called the Blue Campaign. It is a Department-wide ef-fort to conduct outreach and raise awareness of trafficking. It provides training and materials to those in the best position to identify trafficking victims. This campaign works in col-laboration with law enforcement, gov-ernmental and private organizations to identify and save those victims. The Blue Campaign has entered into agreements to provide training, raise awareness, and combat human traf-ficking. Currently, it enlists the help of numerous organizations who have wit-nessed trafficking such as airlines, ho-tels, truck stops, convenient stores, and package delivery services. The Department uses the resources and expertise of the CBP, ICE, USCIS, and the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to help with this ef-fort. Of note, my bill adds the Trans-portation Security Administration to this fight by training its personnel to recognize the victims of trafficking and pull these victims out of its vis-cous cycle. My bill also requires the Department to share information on patterns of trafficking and possible connections with terrorist activity, both internally and with the National Network of Fu-sion Centers. In 2014, I held a field hearing in Hous-ton, Texas, to address the issue of human trafficking in our major cities, and we heard personally from the vic-tims their stories of sexual abuse and human trafficking. That hearing high-lighted the importance of collaboration and community involvement in com-bating this terrible crime. This DHS campaign furthers these collaboration efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation and the efforts of the Department to address human trafficking. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE of the Judiciary Committee for his coopera-tion in bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 5, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write with re-spect to H.R. 1370, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 1370 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 1370 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1370 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded your committee report and in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 1370. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, May 11, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1370, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accord-ingly, understand that the Committee on Ju-diciary will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Judiciary does not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Judiciary rep-resented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report and the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1370, the Department of Home-land Security Blue Campaign Author-ization Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is a $32 billion-per-year global industry, making it one of the most profitable forms of transnational crime with more than 20 million victims world-wide. Each year an estimated 17,500 in-nocent people are trafficked into the United States; almost half of those in-dividuals are children. Trafficking victims can be of any age, race, gender, or nationality, and are largely found in workplaces within the manufacturing, agriculture, hospi-tality, and domestic service industries. Since 2010, the mission of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s Blue Campaign has been to bring DHS com-ponents together with Federal, State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.023 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4482 May 23, 2017 
and local law enforcement agencies, private industry, and other nongovern-mental entities to combat human traf-ficking. The Blue Campaign has provided the Department with the necessary struc-ture to uniformly train personnel in its components to identify and investigate these criminal activities. The Blue Campaign has proven an effective mechanism through which DHS and its law enforcement partners collaborate to dismantle human trafficking net-works across the country and bring perpetrators to justice. The public awareness and outreach efforts launched through the Blue Cam-paign provide the general public, non-governmental organizations, and pri-vate sector entities with tools to be ac-tive partners in the Federal Govern-ment’s efforts to assist victims of human trafficking and prevent others from being exploited. Earlier this year, DHS recognized its partners in the transportation and hos-pitality industries for training their employees and customers about how they can help combat human traf-ficking by identifying the signs and re-porting suspected incidents. Over the years, the program has proven to be an important, multi-faceted tool that leverages both gov-ernment and private sector resources with the goal of ending the exploi-tation of vulnerable people. H.R. 1370 codifies the important program and emphasizes the importance of clear guidance and training for all Blue Cam-paign partners. This bill also underscores the impor-tance of timely and routine informa-tion sharing amongst DHS components to ensure unity of effort in preventing and disrupting human trafficking. As a cosponsor of H.R. 1370, I believe that it is our responsibility as Members of Congress to do whatever it takes to stop the illegal and immoral smuggling of innocent people into the United States by transnational criminal orga-nizations. Mr. Speaker, I ask my House col-leagues to support H.R. 1370, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman also for bringing up this important issue today. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1370, the Department of Home-land Security Blue Campaign Author-ization Act. A few years ago, law en-forcement officers in South Dakota placed undercover ads on the internet, and they weren’t pretending to sell il-legal drugs. What they were pretending to sell was young girls. In less than 2 days, over 100 individ-uals responded to that ad. Many of them were hoping to buy children for sex. Similar operations were conducted across the State in following months, and they had similar results. Many times, when folks think of human traf-ficking, they often picture a place far away overseas, but the fact is that it is happening right here—in our backyards many times. Those being targeted are often chil-dren, 12 or 14 years old, sometimes even younger. They are forced to turn tricks up to 50 times a day while their pimps work hard to get them addicted to al-cohol and drugs so that they can fur-ther control them and their lives. It also deepens their dependence on their trafficker. Last Congress, we passed significant antitrafficking legislation, which I am incredibly proud of, but there is still more that needs to be done. Time and again, South Dakota advocates tell me that awareness remains a challenge, but a challenge that we can work to-gether to overcome. That is ultimately the purpose of this legislation that we are considering today. Through the enhanced Blue Cam-paign, we can offer Americans from all walks of life the information that they need to spot trafficking in their back-yards. If more people are aware of dis-tress signals and how to respond, we can move faster towards ending human trafficking together. Mr. Speaker, for this reason, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1370. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing up this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this past February, in my hometown of Houston, Texas, we hosted the 51st Super Bowl. For most Americans, the Super Bowl is a fun- filled day spent with friends, family, and cheering on our favorite team. But for human traffickers, the Super Bowl has become an annual opportunity to expand their evil, criminal empire. Studies show that big events like the Super Bowl create large upticks in the trafficking and purchasing of sex traf-ficking victims. In order to counteract this, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, as a part of its Blue Campaign initiative, began preparing months in advance before the Super Bowl in Hous-ton. Through the Blue Campaign, the De-partment of Homeland Security raises public awareness, it forges antitrafficking partnerships, and brings suspected human traffickers to justice. Most importantly, it rescues victims of the sex trafficking trade. In advance of the last Super Bowl, the Blue Campaign worked with local, State, and Federal law enforcement agencies on the ground, as well as par-ticipating in several congressional briefings. One such briefing I hosted here in Washington. Everybody working together, all dif-ferent law enforcement agencies, State, local, and Federal, had a great result in what occurred in Houston. Over 750 people were arrested, and 86 victims were rescued. Many more were likely spared being forced into the traf-ficking industry. Having worked closely with the Blue Campaign on this, and many other op-erations, I have seen firsthand the im-portant role the Department of Home-land Security has in fighting the scourge of human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, as you know, traf-ficking is second only to the drug trade in the amount of money, criminal money, it brings in. And the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign Authorization Act will ensure that the critically important program continues to provide safety to victims and gets some justice to the traffickers and those would-be buyers of little children. Mr. Speaker, I commend the chair-man for this legislation. And that is just the way it is. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1370 was unani-mously approved by the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this year. The partnerships that DHS has estab-lished through the Blue Campaign are critical to stopping criminal activity that comes with a tragically high human cost. By leading the charge and identifying and closing all possible avenues through which human traffickers smuggle people into the United States, DHS plays a critical role in ensuring the safety of children and other inno-cent people. Joint, concerted efforts that bring together law enforcement, nongovernmental entities, and private industry, and raise public awareness of this criminal activity, are important to ending the practice altogether. We must continue to support this unity of effort in order to aid and pro-tect victims of human trafficking, and bring those who exploit them to jus-tice. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
CCAUL for his leadership in this ef-fort, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 1370, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1645 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me also thank my colleague, Mr. V
ELA, for his steadfast support of this legislation, as well as the entire Home-land Security Committee, which has worked in a very bipartisan fashion on this very important issue. This is not a matter of politics. It is a matter of saving our children from trafficking and sex abuse. We have all heard the stories. We have heard some of those here today, but I think there is nothing more criminal, other than perhaps what ISIS did yesterday, than the exploitation of children. Of course, that is what ISIS did yesterday in kill-ing innocent children and teenagers outside a concert hall. The issue of human trafficking brings it to full bear: bringing children into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.076 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4483 May 23, 2017 
this country and exploiting them, sell-ing them on the black market, and sex-ually abusing them for a very long time. This bill is important and necessary. It really supports, codifies, and gives congressional backing and support to a very important program within the De-partment, and that is the Blue Cam-paign. I also want to thank Secretary Kelly of Homeland Security for showing the leadership to come forward with this campaign to address this horrible crime against our children and those moving into adulthood. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1370, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1973, PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1761, PROTECTING AGAINST CHILD EX-PLOITATION ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 26, 2017, THROUGH JUNE 5, 2017 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–152) on the resolution (H. Res. 352) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1973) to prevent the sex-ual abuse of minors and amateur ath-letes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement au-thorities, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1761) to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the know-ing consent of the visual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and for other purposes; and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from May 26, 2017, through June 5, 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
VETERANS APPEALS IMPROVE-MENT AND MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2288) to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for bene-fits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 418, nays 0, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 273] YEAS—418 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—12 
Cleaver Deutch Fudge Hice, Jody B. Huizenga Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Newhouse Rice (NY) Swalwell (CA) Tiberi Wasserman Schultz 
b1710 Mr. CAPUANO, Ms. TSONGAS, Mr. M
CEACHIN, and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.J. RES. 13 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to remove my name as cosponsor of H.J. Res. 13. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Iowa? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.078 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4484 May 23, 2017 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President shall immediately release his tax re-turn information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ sys-tem of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the execu-tive branch of government to a fair and equal standard of transparency ensur-ing the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax His-tory Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax re-turn information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an im-portant baseline of reasonable informa-tion including whether the President paid taxes, ownership interests, chari-table donations made, and whether tax deductions have been exploited; Whereas, disclosure of the Presi-dent’s tax returns could help those in-vestigating Russian influence in the 2016 election understand the Presi-dent’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, in-cluding debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, eq-uity interests, joint ventures, licensing agreements with Russia or Russians; Whereas, the President recently fired Federal Bureau of Investigation Direc-tor James Comey, under whose leader-ship the FBI was investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election; Whereas, President Trump reportedly stated to Russian officials during a White House meeting that he fired Di-rector Comey to ease pressure on the ongoing investigation of Russia’s influ-ence in the 2016 election; Whereas, Senate Russia investigators have requested information from the Treasury Department’s criminal inves-tigation division, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, which handles cases of money laun-dering, for information related to President Trump, his top officials, and campaign aides. FinCEN has been in-vestigating allegations of foreign money-laundering through purchases of U.S. real estate; Whereas, the President’s tax returns would show us whether he has foreign bank accounts and how much profit he receives from his ownership in myriad partnerships; Whereas, Donald Trump, Jr., said The Trump Organization saw money ‘‘pouring in from Russia’’ and that ‘‘Russians make up a pretty dispropor-tionate cross-section of a lot of our as-sets’’; Whereas, the White House will not confirm whether the President has filed a 2016 tax return; Whereas, Congress gave itself the au-thority to review an individual’s tax returns to investigate and reveal pos-sible conflicts of interest of executive branch officials involved dating back to the Teapot Dome scandal; Whereas, it has been reported that federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas to associates of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn seeking business records as part of the ongoing probe into Russian in-volvement in the 2016 election; Whereas, according to his 2016 can-didate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 fi-nancial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership stake in his businesses and can still withdraw funds at any time from the trust of which he is the sole beneficiary; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the U.S. Constitution for the express purpose of preventing fed-eral officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, the Chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Com-mittee on Taxation and Senate Fi-nance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Richard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Com-mittee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make public the confidential tax in-formation of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, Director Comey has testi-fied that tax returns are a common tool in investigations because they can show income and motives; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international af-fairs, tax reform, government con-tracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it resolved that the House of Representatives shall, one, immediately request the tax re-turn information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for re-view in closed executive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as pro-vided under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives; Two, support transparency in govern-ment and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gentle-woman from California (Ms. S
A´NCHEZ ) will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, does the Chair have a designated time for the debate on the resolution? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker will inform the gentlewoman of the time. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2473) to ensure compliance with the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015, to make strides to-ward eradicating human trafficking, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2473 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Put Traf-ficking Victims First Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON SAFE HARBOR LAWS. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General, acting through the Director of the Office for Victims of Crime, shall issue a report to be posted on a publicly available website that includes— (1) the impact of State safe harbor laws and associated services on the re-victimiza-tion of victims of trafficking (as such term is defined in section 103(15) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15))), the recovery of vic-tims, victim outcomes, and prosecutions of traffickers; and (2) best practices and recommendations on the development and implementation of ef-fective State safe harbor laws that promote full recovery of victims of trafficking and do not interfere with prosecutions of traf-fickers. 
SEC. 3. TRAINING FOR PROSECUTIONS OF TRAF-FICKERS AND SUPPORT FOR STATE SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 107(b)(2)(B)(ii) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(B)(ii)) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.081 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4485 May 23, 2017 
‘‘(ii) 5 percent for training and technical assistance, to be provided in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, including with respect to— ‘‘(I) increasing capacity and expertise on security for and protection of service pro-viders from intimidation or retaliation for their activities; ‘‘(II) ‘‘investigating, prosecuting, and pre-venting human trafficking through a trau-ma-informed and victim-centered approach that provides services and protections for victims of trafficking; ‘‘(III) facilitating the provision of evi-dence-based, trauma-informed care and men-tal health services to victims of trafficking; ‘‘(IV) ensuring that all victims of traf-ficking, including United States citizens, lawful permanent residents, and foreign na-tionals, are eligible for services; ‘‘(V) ensuring that law enforcement offi-cers and prosecutors make every attempt to determine whether an individual’s participa-tion in human trafficking is free from force, fraud, or coercion of any means before ar-resting them for, or charging them with, an offense; ‘‘(VI) effectively prosecuting traffickers and individuals who patronize or solicit chil-dren for sex, and facilitating access for child victims of trafficking to the same type of court procedures and legal protections acces-sible to child victims of sexual assault, rape, child sexual abuse, or incest, and clarifying the right of child victims of trafficking to not be treated as criminals as a result of their victimization; and ‘‘(VII) encouraging States to identify the locations of victims of trafficking and serve those victims, including through efforts that utilize internet outreach, through methods informed by survivors of human trafficking, and by offering help and services that are re-sponsive to victims’ needs in their commu-nities.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2017. 
SEC. 4. WORKING TO DEVELOP METHODOLOGIES TO ASSESS PREVALENCE OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Justice, in consultation with the Director of the Human Smuggling and Trafficking Center, shall establish an expert working group, which shall include survivors of human traf-ficking, experts on sex and labor trafficking, representatives from organizations col-lecting data on human trafficking, and law enforcement officers. The working group shall, utilizing, to the extent practicable, ex-isting efforts of agencies, task forces, States, cities, research institutions, and organiza-tions— (A) identify the methodological and prac-tical barriers hampering data collection on sex and labor trafficking; (B) identify the information that should be collected, and how that information should be collected; and (C) recommend practices that could be standardized as replicable best practices to promote better data comparison, aggrega-tion, and analysis. (2) P
ILOT TESTING .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Jus-tice shall implement a series of pilot studies to test promising methodologies studied under paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Jus-tice, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Director of the Human Smug-gling and Trafficking Center, shall submit to Congress a report, which includes— (A) the efforts made in developing robust, comprehensive methodologies to estimate the prevalence of human trafficking at the national and regional levels; (B) best practices for determining the trends of human trafficking in the United States; (C) evaluations of the effectiveness of cur-rent policies and procedures to address the needs of victims of trafficking, including ap-propriate housing and services from trained trauma-informed care service providers; and (D) an analysis of the varying characteris-tics of victims of trafficking in different re-gions, including age, gender, race or eth-nicity, involvement in the child welfare sys-tem, involvement in the juvenile or criminal justice system, the number of foster care placements, the number of congregate care placements, and whether an individual is a victim of sex trafficking or labor trafficking, and recommendations for how to address the unique vulnerabilities of different victims. (2) AVAILABILITY OF REPORT .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be made publicly available on the website of the De-partment of Justice. (3) I
NPUT FROM RELEVANT PARTIES .—In de- veloping the report under paragraph (1), the Director shall seek input from the United States Advisory Council on Human Traf-ficking, victims of trafficking, human traf-ficking survivor advocates, service providers for victims of sex and labor trafficking, and the President’s Interagency Task Force on Human Trafficking. (c) S
URVEY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Justice, in coordination with Federal, State, local, and tribal governments, and private organi-zations, including victim service providers and expert researchers, shall develop and execute a survey of survivors seeking and re-ceiving services through a model agreed upon by service providers for victims of traf-ficking, government entities, and research experts to better understand where and how victims of trafficking are accessing services, how they are referred to services, including referrals by first responders, how assessment tools work to identify victims of trafficking, and to help estimate the prevalence of human trafficking and victim identification in the United States. Survey results shall be made publicly available on the website of the Department of Justice. (d) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out this sec-tion. 
SEC. 5. REPORT ON PROSECUTORS SEEKING MANDATORY RESTITUTION IN TRAF-FICKING CASES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Administrative Of-fice of the United States Courts, shall sub-mit to Congress a report on efforts to in-crease mandatory restitution orders and use of asset forfeiture to provide restitution to victims of trafficking that shall be posted on a publicly available website, which shall in-clude the following: (1) Information on the Department of Jus-tice’s training programs on mandatory res-titution and the use of asset forfeiture to provide restitution to victims of trafficking, and recommendations of necessary addi-tional training to ensure mandatory restitu-tion is ordered in all relevant human traf-ficking cases. (2) An assessment of obstacles that con-tinue to prevent Federal prosecutors and Federal courts from ordering restitution. (3) An assessment of whether the asset for-feiture provisions in the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 and the amend-ments made by that Act have helped in-crease requests to transfer forfeited proceeds for restitution, including how many requests have been made and how many of those re-quests have been approved, and whether United States Attorneys offices are properly informed about requesting transfers. (4) An assessment of how establishing trau-ma-informed, victim-centered investigative and prosecutorial procedures can help im-prove mandatory restitution orders, includ-ing by encouraging victims of trafficking to cooperate in criminal cases, equipping vic-tims of trafficking with proper assistance during criminal proceedings, and helping vic-tims of trafficking secure mandatory res-titution. (5) The annual number and percentage of Federal cases related to human trafficking, separating sex trafficking and labor traf-ficking, during the period beginning on June 1, 2015, and ending on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, in which restitution was ordered, and the amount of restitution or-dered in each case. (6) Data on the participation and non-par-ticipation of victims of trafficking in crimi-nal proceedings, data on the participation and nonparticipation of victims of traf-ficking in witness protection programs and services, and recommendations for encour-aging the participation of victims of traf-ficking in such proceedings. SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS ENCOURAGING STATES TO ADOPT PROTECTIONS FOR VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING. 
Congress recognizes and applauds the State legislative bodies that have taken tremen-dous steps to adopt protections and services for victims of trafficking. Congress encour-ages States to do the following: (1) Uphold the basic rights and dignity of human trafficking survivors. (2) Adopt a survivor-centered approach to addressing human trafficking that ensures the safety, confidentiality, and well-being of victims of trafficking, while recognizing symptoms of trauma and coping mechanisms that may impact victims’ interactions with law enforcement, the justice system, and service providers. (3) Implement screening mechanisms for all children entering child welfare services, the juvenile justice system, or the criminal justice system to identify child victims of trafficking and connect them with appro-priate services, including appropriate hous-ing and services from trained trauma-in-formed care service providers, and to try to identify foreign nationals who may be vic-tims of trafficking. (4) Ensure that child victims of trafficking are provided with a range of protections, in-cluding access to child welfare services, trauma-informed programming, and the same legal rights afforded to other children who experience sexual abuse, rape, or incest, including ensuring that— (A) criminals who exploit child victims of sex trafficking, including offenders who pur-chase, solicit, or obtain a child for purposes of engaging in a commercial sex act, face se-rious penalties and sentences under sex traf-ficking laws, and are not given lesser sen-tences; and (B) child victims of trafficking are never referred to as ‘‘child prostitutes’’ or ‘‘under-age sex workers’’ in law or official docu-ments and proceedings. (5) Develop a 24-hour emergency response plan to provide victims trafficking with im-mediate protection and support when they are first identified, which may include phys-ically moving victims of trafficking to a place of safety, attending to the immediate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.029 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4486 May 23, 2017 
medical and emotional needs of survivors, assessing whether survivors are under risk for harm, retaliation, or intimidation, and directly connecting survivors with victim advocates, housing, and service providers. (6) Adopt protections for victims of traf-ficking that include the right— (A) to be treated as a victim of crime and afforded justice, respect, and dignity; (B) to protection if the victim’s safety is at risk or if there is danger of harm, retalia-tion, or recapture by the trafficker; (C) to comprehensive trauma-informed, long-term, culturally competent care and healing services oriented toward emotional, psychological, and family healing; (D) to evidence-based screening and assess-ment tools, treatment plans, and therapy to address traumatic stress and associated men-tal health symptoms; (E) to safe and effective emergency and long-term housing; education, vocational, and job assistance and training; mentoring programs; language assistance; drug and sub-stance abuse services; and legal services; (F) for child sex trafficking victims to be treated as children in need of child protec-tive services and to be served through the child welfare system, where appropriate, in place of the juvenile justice system; (G) for all victims of trafficking, including United States citizens, lawful permanent residents, and foreign nationals, to be eligi-ble for services; (H) to have convictions and adjudications related to prostitution and nonviolent of-fenses vacated and such records cleared and expunged if offenses were committed as a di-rect result of the victim being trafficked, and protection for foreign nationals from being removed, being determined to be inad-missible, or losing any immigration benefit because of such conviction or arrests; (I) to the same type of court procedures and legal protections accessible to victims of sexual assault, rape, child sexual abuse, or incest, including the right to not be treated as a criminal; and (J) to retain all rights regardless of wheth-er the crime has been reported to law enforcement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 2473, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2473, the Put Trafficking Victims First Act of 2017, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Human trafficking has plagued com-munities and neighborhoods across America. Victims have endured hor-rific trauma, violence, and reoccurring abuse. As a result, there is a tremen-dous need for expanded victim services, improved data on the prevalence and trends of human trafficking, and effec-tive mechanisms to identify and rescue trafficking victims. H.R. 2473 takes reasonable steps to increase victim services while improv-ing upon the tools already available to combat human trafficking. The bill di-rects the Attorney General to provide a report on the effectiveness of State safe harbor laws to ensure these laws are based upon a survivor-centered ap-proach. In addition to the report, the bill in-structs States to recognize coping mechanisms and the symptoms of trau-ma as local law enforcement interacts with victims of human trafficking. Furthermore, the legislation provides for increased training and technical as-sistance for State and Federal agen-cies, prosecutors, and law enforcement on how to take a victim-centered ap-proach to preventing human traf-ficking. This provision promotes evi-dence-based training in order to im-prove the physical and mental health services provided to victims. The bill’s focus on supporting victims continues as H.R. 2473 instructs the Na-tional Institute of Justice to establish detailed methodologies to review the modern trends and detail the preva-lence of human trafficking throughout the United States. The survey will not only assess how victims of trafficking are accessing services, but, in addition, help estimate the prevalence of human trafficking in the United States. Moreover, H.R. 2473 will provide as-sistance to trafficking victims seeking restitution, many of whom still face many obstacles in Federal court. The bill directs the Attorney General to re-port on efforts to increase mandatory restitution for victims by providing Congress with data involving the num-ber of Federal cases related to human trafficking in which restitution was or-dered, as well as the participation rate of victims in trafficking criminal pro-ceedings. Finally, the bill expresses the sense of Congress that States should imple-ment trauma-informed, victim-cen-tered care for all trafficking victims. Mr. Speaker, Congress’ intent is clear: Protecting victims from the hei-nous crime of human trafficking is of utmost concern. I commend the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for introducing this important legisla-tion, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION  
AND THE WORKFORCE , Washington, DC, May 23, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 2473, Put Trafficking Victims First Act of 2017. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 2473 on those matters within my committee’s jurisdiction and agreeing to make improvements to the legis-lation to address concerns. The Committee on Education and the Workforce will not delay further consider-ation of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my commit-tee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional in-terest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the committee report and in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 23, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chair, Committee on Education & the Work-force, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRWOMAN FOXX: Thank you for consulting with the Committee on the Judi-ciary and agreeing to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 2473, the ‘‘Enforc-ing Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act,’’ so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee or rejudice its jurisdictional preroga-tives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2473 in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2473, the Put Trafficking Vic-tims First Act of 2017. I congratulate the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ASS) for the introduction of this legislation. This bill is intended to improve the implementation of the Justice for Vic-tims Trafficking Act of 2015. The 2015 act expanded the Federal response to trafficking concerning services and benefits for victims, criminal justice, domestic sex trafficking of children, and interagency coordination and training. I support H.R. 2473 for several rea-sons. To begin with, this measure will strengthen the effectiveness of the 2015 act in various ways. For example, H.R. 2473 requires that training be provided for prosecutions of traffickers. When children fall prey to the sex trade and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.029 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4487 May 23, 2017 
then are treated as criminals rather than victims, their injuries are com-pounded. We had the first human trafficking hearing of any committee in Houston, Texas, just a few years ago under the auspices of the Homeland Security Committee. Our committee determined this very point: that children fall prey and then become victims of the crimi-nal justice system. That is not the way to deal with our children who are victims, innocent children who have been turned into human traffic products by the heinous traffickers. As such, this training is critical to ensure that human traf-ficking victims are treated as victims and afforded justice, respect, and dig-nity. Second, H.R. 2473 establishes a work-ing group to develop best practices or best methods to assess the prevalence of human trafficking. We know that there is a growing epidemic of abhor-rent practices of sex trafficking, and we must consider all methods to help law enforcement stop these crimes. The working group will identify bar-riers that hamper human trafficking data collection and identify what infor-mation should be collected, as well as ascertain current practices being used by different agencies and organizations that can be standardized into best practices. As a result, H.R. 2473 will help ensure the most effective preven-tion practices are standardized so that perpetrators of sex trafficking are ulti-mately brought to justice. Lastly, the legislation encourages States to adopt protections for sex trafficking victims. These victims are often very afraid to seek help, particu-larly from law enforcement because of the risk that they will be treated as criminals again rather than victims. H.R. 2473 recognizes the critical fact that children involved in sex traf-ficking are victims and not criminals. They absolutely should not be treated as criminals. In acknowledgement of this fact, the bill identifies a broad range of impor-tant initiatives that States should un-dertake that would provide meaningful assistance to these victims: upholding basic rights, facilitating ways to iden-tify child trafficking, providing emer-gency long-term housing. Each of these initiatives should help ensure that these victims are not revictimized and help enable them to be guided back to a normalized life. Mr. Speaker, for all of these reasons, I am pleased to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), the chief sponsor of this leg-islation. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) for his leadership on this area of human trafficking, along with the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), my good friend, for all of her support on this human trafficking issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present the Put Trafficking Victims First Act to the House of Representatives. I am thrilled to have the opportunity to ad-dress the concerns of victims of human trafficking across our country. Too often, victims of trafficking are overlooked and underserved. This must stop. America needs to afford traf-ficking victims the same justice, pro-tections, and dignity that other vic-tims of crime receive. In my home State of Missouri, I have met with countless survivors, along with survivors across this country, and I have listened to their painful stories. They need help to rebuild their lives, and that is exactly what my bill will do. b1730 One important place to start is in the courtroom, where we need victim-cen-tered practices oriented toward justice and recovery. For example, victims technically have access to mandatory restitution in Federal courts, but the sad reality is that, according to one es-timate, sex trafficking victims get res-titution in only 14 percent of Federal sex trafficking cases. This, Mr. Speak-er, is unacceptable. My bill will direct the Attorney General to make manda-tory restitution mandatory and imple-ment victim-friendly procedures in Federal criminal cases. Another big problem is that we just don’t have good data on how to iden-tify and rescue victims and put them on a path toward success. We don’t really know where to find victims, what portions may be coming from fos-ter care, or what their age, ethnicity, or other characteristics are. We can’t help them if we can’t find them. So we desperately need good data and report-ing in order to improve victim out-reach. To answer this need, my bill estab-lishes a national working group to de-velop robust methodologies to deter-mine the prevalence and trends of tracking and evaluating how to best identify victims and address their needs. My bill will establish a national survey of survivors so we can better understand how victims are accessing help. Yet another problem is that we are failing to provide trauma-informed care to victims, care that would help victims recover and cooperate with criminal investigations so we can put pimps and buyers behind bars. Lack of help for victims in the justice system can lead to revictimization, or even re-sult in victims being criminalized for offenses they were forced to commit. That is why we will train agencies, law enforcement, and prosecutors across the country to implement vic-tim-centered approaches to inves-tigating and preventing trafficking. We encourage law enforcement and pros-ecutors to make every attempt to de-termine whether an individual’s par-ticipation in trafficking is, in fact, free from fraud, force, or coercion before ar-resting or charging them. Finally, victims of trafficking are mostly served at the State level, so it is critical that States improve how they respond to victims. My bill en-courages States to improve outreach, screen children entering child welfare services and the justice system, screen foreign nationals who may be labor trafficked, create safe harbor laws, and develop emergency response plans. Mr. Speaker, together we can get vic-tims of trafficking out of dangerous and abusive situations and create bet-ter, more accessible trauma-informed services. I urge my colleagues to put trafficking victims first and to support this legislation. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS), the original cosponsor of this legislation and one of the champions of protecting children and a leader of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 2473, the Put Trafficking Victims First Act of 2017. I thank Ranking Member J
ACKSON LEE, Chair-man G
OODLATTE , and also Representa-tive A
NNWAGNER of Missouri for her leadership in combating trafficking in America. The importance of a bipar-tisan approach cannot be overstated or diminished. Over the years, we have made tre-mendous progress, but the work is far from over. The Put Trafficking Vic-tims First Act is a great first step for-ward in addressing the perilous defi-ciencies in sex trafficking policies and services in America. As an original cosponsor of this bill, I am grateful for the inclusion of my amendments that serve to further sup-port and strengthen this important leg-islation by providing necessary lan-guage and focus on young victims in the child welfare system. In drafting legislation that calls for data collection assessments to help identify and implement effective and responsive models of justice and relief services, we must always be cognizant of the need to draw awareness and find solutions to eradicate the devastating epidemic of young children who are in the U.S. child welfare system from be-coming victims of sex trafficking. In particular, it is imperative that we better identify and screen the char-acteristics of children and youth in-volved in the child welfare and justice systems and that we provide greater access to appropriate housing and serv-ices from trained trauma-informed care service providers. Far too often, we hear stories about victims who can-not access housing, shelter, or mental healthcare and are unable to expunge or seal their criminal records and are treated like criminals rather than vic-tims. As the cofounder of the Congres-sional Caucus on Foster Youth, I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.084 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4488 May 23, 2017 
particularly concerned about what we are doing to combat the devastating epidemic of young girls in the foster care system falling prey to child ex-ploitation and sex trafficking. I hear horrific stories of foster girls who have been trafficked far too often, and I hear that the average age of a girl being in-volved in trafficking is 12 years old. Mr. Speaker, this week we have over 100 youth here from 98 different con-gressional districts who will be shad-owing their Members of Congress to-morrow. We met with the youth yester-day, and a number of them stepped for-ward and talked about being involved in the trafficking system and how they fell through the cracks in child wel-fare. It is important that we remember that the purpose of the child welfare system is to protect children who are abused or neglected. When we take cus-tody of these children, then we—mean-ing the local, State, or Federal Govern-ment—in effect become their parents. So if your own child showed up missing and you don’t do anything about it, then obviously you are considered re-sponsible. This is exactly what is hap-pening with child sex trafficking in the United States. H.R. 2473 further encourages States to implement screening mechanisms for all children entering the child wel-fare system and criminal and juvenile justice systems to better identify child trafficking and connect them with ap-propriate services. I urge my col-leagues to vote for H.R. 2473. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a member of the Committee on the Judi-ciary. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for the time and also his work on this issue of human sex trafficking in the United States. I support this legislation. I also compliment Congresswoman W
AGNER , Congresswoman B ASS, Con-gresswoman M
ALONEY , and Congress-woman S
HEILA JACKSON LEEand other women. I mention that because when we presented the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act 2 years ago and worked on that massive legislation that is ex-cellent legislation, I am convinced that it was the women in the United States House of Representatives who got it done. They made sure that this legisla-tion passed, and then they trotted down the hallway to the Senate and—I will use the word—‘‘encouraged’’ our Senators to take the bill up, and it passed there, and President Obama did sign the legislation. I am convinced there is nothing more powerful than a woman who has made up her mind, and the women in this House made up their mind about human sex trafficking. I just wanted to point that out. This legislation is important. There are many stories. I am going to talk about a 9-year-old girl who lived not far from where we are today here in the United States Capitol. When Ashley’s mother died, she was left alone. Like any lost and lonely child, she sought the comfort that she needed of love and safety. A woman came in to Ashley’s life, offering her the care that Ashley was looking for as a 9-year-old: comfort and love. Ashley felt like she was safe for the first time since she had lost her mother. She was an orphan in Wash-ington, D.C. Little did she know that the woman who was being nice to her was faking it all because she was grooming Ashley to be a sex slave here in Washington. You see, traffickers exploit the vul-nerabilities of victims, destroying their self-worth and their hope for a better life. In some cases, traffickers steal the soul of young children. They have no hope and they have no self- worth. That happened to Ashley, this 9-year- old girl. She was trafficked on the streets of Washington, D.C., and online for 5 years. At 16, a peace officer here in Washington, D.C., arrested her for prostitution. She was brought before a judge, and the judge recognized that she was not a criminal, she was not guilty of prostitution. Children cannot commit the crime of prostitution. He recognized her plight and he ordered her into a treatment program to help her recover from being a trafficking victim. It is my opinion that that judge saved Ashley’s life. As was mentioned here on the House floor by Congresswoman BASS, the av-erage age of a trafficking victim here in the United States of America is be-tween 12 and 13. That means some girls are younger, like Ashley. She was 9. What a statistic. And, yes, it is mostly young minor females. Boys are traf-ficked. Adult females are trafficked as well, but the scourge is the biggest when it is our children. Like the laws of the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act, they have in-creased judge and prosecutor training, giving them tools to deal with the scourge of human trafficking. It is nothing more than modern sex slavery. That is what human trafficking is. Congresswoman W
AGNER ’s Put Traf-ficking Victims First Act continues to improve the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act and improve the proc-ess by encouraging more training and a focus on victim-centered approaches in the courtroom. I was a judge for 22 years in Houston. We had none of this legislation to help rescue and restore victims of trafficking, and now we do. We should remember that in our country we treat trafficking victims, like Ashley, like victims and make sur-vivors out of them. Gone are the days that we are going to treat them like criminals. They are not criminals. They are victims of crime. We must stop the sale of children on the mar-ketplace of sex slavery. This legisla-tion helps do that. Victims like Ashley deserve treatment and care, and I sup-port the work that has been done in the Put Trafficking Victims First Act, and I support the fact that it will help vic-tims. As co-chair of the Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ), we understand the importance of victims and we un-derstand the importance of this legisla-tion. No more, Mr. Speaker. Not in our city, not in our States, and not in our country. And that is just the way it is. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. What an appropriate time so that I can add my appreciation to the chair-man and the ranking member, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , the ranking member of the sub-committee that I am on, and to the chairman of the subcommittee. We have enjoyed working together on this legislation. To the cosponsors of this legislation, Mrs. W
AGNER and Ms. B ASS. And then to the potent statement of my friend and fellow Texan, Congress-man T
EDPOE, who modestly indicated that we, as women, helped drive this, frankly, he beat us to the finish line riding his horse, but I want to thank him very much for his great leadership and interest in this very important area. b1745 This bill is a wonderful complement to the igniting of understanding about the vileness of human trafficking. I think it is important to take note that the Homeland Security Depart-ment has trained airline stewards to recognize human trafficking victims on airplanes. Many of them are children, camouflaged as an adult and their spe-cial child—niece or nephew—traveling together. This legislation is all about pointing out, finding, saving the victims, mak-ing sure they get treatment, and mak-ing sure that human trafficking is identified. So I am also pleased that this meas-ure, as amended, requires a report on State safe harbor laws. As we all know, safe harbors play a critical role in pre-venting youth, forced into the sex trade, from being revictimized again and stigmatized a second time by the criminal justice system, almost similar to the little girl who was looking for love. Instead, she got victimized and turned into a human trafficking prod-uct. H.R. 2473 also fosters better collabo-ration among the Federal, State, and local law enforcement in the fight against sex trafficking and encourages States to adopt protections for traf-ficking victims by providing rehabili-tation and recovery services for vic-tims of human trafficking. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this measure and, as well, to be reminded of all those children who will be helped and saved. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this fine legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.085 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4489 May 23, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2473, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Attor-ney General to study issues relating to human trafficking, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL WELGE (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of a lifelong resident of my hometown of Taylorville, Illinois, my good friend, Michael Welge. Mike was a veteran, public servant, devoted husband to his wife, Judy, father, grandfather, and, again, my friend. Mike passed away on May 4, but he left a long legacy of dedication to his family, his country, and his commu-nity. As an Army veteran who served his country, Mike continued his service to military members as the com-mander of American Legion Post 73. Mike worked at Peabody Mine No. 10 for years before beginning a 22-year ca-reer at the Illinois Department of Cor-rections. Mike served as a member of the Taylorville Planning and Zoning Committee for 25 years and was a mem-ber of many groups like the Taylorville FFA Association, the American Farm Heritage Museum in Greenville, ABATE, and Moose Lodge 1516. Mike is survived by his wife, Judy, son, grandson, and brother. He will be truly missed by all who knew him, and I consider myself blessed to have known Mike Welge as a friend. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BUDGET PROPOSAL (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, budgets are about values. And President Trump’s budget breaks his promises to the American people. His 2018 budget is a disgrace. The plan cuts people’s access to basic necessities and retards decent stand-ards of living. The American people want to create jobs, raise wages, invest in education, protect their pensions, and give people a chance at a better fu-ture. What does the Trump budget do for the heartland that voted for him? Great Lakes clean up? Zeroed out. So-cial Security Disability insurance? Slashed. Medicaid? Slashed. Public education? Slashed. We have seen this supply side eco-nomic shell game before. It ends with a massive tax cut for millionaires and billionaires, while leaving Americans living on the brink paycheck to pay-check, leaving them behind. Let’s recap. The Trump budget hurts working families, it weakens Social Se-curity and Medicaid, it hurts students seeking to better themselves, it hurts seniors trying to pay for their medicine and insurance and who depend on pro-grams like Meals on Wheels. I would encourage every heartland family with an elderly parent, an in-debted graduate, or a trusting toddler to look at this budget and match it against the promises they heard versus what is being delivered. What a shame for our country. f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of millions of people worldwide, whose lives have been irrep-arably harmed by the scourge of human trafficking. Tragically, human trafficking is a $32 billion industry. This horrific practice is often difficult to detect, yet there are nearly 21 million victims of human trafficking throughout the world each year. It is estimated that 55 percent of these victims are women and young girls. Sadly, most incidents of human traf-ficking go unreported, while the vic-tims suffer in silent pain. It is for these reasons that we must raise awareness of this terrible practice and work to combat the growing threat against these vulnerable people. As a member of the State assembly, I championed bipartisan measures to combat this modern-day form of slav-ery, including the Trafficking Victims Protection and Justice Act. Yesterday, to continue this fight, I worked alongside my colleagues in the House to pass bipartisan measures to eliminate the scourge on humanity at the Federal level, and also today. Millions of men, women, and children are suffering at the hands of human traffickers and sex abusers. Thus, it is our duty to hold those who commit these vile acts accountable and to en-sure justice for all. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this Monday, America honors its war dead. We call it Memorial Day. Many Americans do not realize that there are 25 United States cemeteries overseas for America’s war dead. The one in Luxembourg is one that I have visited and I find quite unique. During World War II, in 1944, the Ger-mans crushed through the American lines in a surprise attack. It was called the Battle of the Bulge. My 92-year-old father fought in that battle when he was 18. The German advance was eventually halted. One reason was because General George Patton and his army helped halt the attack by quickly advancing through and saving Luxembourg. After the war, the nation of Luxem-bourg agreed to a memorial there. The memorial is unique because the ceme-tery is a burial place for mostly Ameri-cans who were killed in the Battle of the Bulge. There are 5,076 Americans buried there—22 sets of brothers. And the average age of the soldier buried in Luxembourg is 19. This Memorial Day, let us remember all who have served and have given their lives and are buried all over the world, because, Mr. Speaker, the worst casualty of war is to be forgotten. And that is just the way it is. f 
REDUCING IMPACT ON DISEASE CONTROL (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 953, the Reduc-ing Regulatory Burdens Act, which eliminates the need to apply for addi-tional permits for using pesticides al-ready approved for widespread use under current law. The permitting process places an un-necessary compliance burden on farm-ers who simply want to protect their crops using already available pesticides that have been determined to have minimal or no environmental impact in their original testing process. But of greater concern is the impact on disease control. This bureaucratic red tape can have the severe unin-tended consequence of raising the dif-ficulty for local mosquito control dis-tricts, and others, and increase the likelihood that mosquito-transmitted diseases can spread. The Zika virus, which reached epi-demic levels last year, remains a seri-ous threat in the United States, with 119 cases still in place and over 400 cases in U.S. territories. We are not out of the woods yet. This duplicative process hamstrings health officials and agencies who are responsible for suppressing these vi-ruses and maintaining public safety. This legislation provides critical pro-tections of our Nation’s food supply, as well as increasing our ability to com-bat public health crises, such as the Zika virus. H.R. 953 passed the House last year with bipartisan support, and I encour-age my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to do so once again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.088 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4490 May 23, 2017 
RECOGNIZING BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, to-night, Members of Congress who are Eagle Scouts are taking to the floor of the House of Representatives to say thank you not only to the Boy Scouts of America but to recognize and to highlight our opportunity while in Boy Scouts, and now, as Members of Con-gress, to talk about how important the Boy Scouts of America is to the youth, the young men and young women of this country, and, also, to highlight the leadership that takes place every single day in this country: men and women who volunteer their time to make sure that the Boy Scouts of America are prepared and ready to meet not only the times that we live in but the advances of young people and the challenges that they have. Tonight, as an Eagle Scout of the Eagle class of 1970, it is my oppor-tunity to introduce Members of Con-gress and then to follow up at the end as we talk about how important Scout-ing is. Today, there are 1,262,311 boys in Scouting from ages 6 to 10 in Cub Scouts. There are 822,999 boys aged 11 to 17 in Boy Scouts of America and Varsity Scouts. There are 119,268 young men and young women between the ages of 10 to 20 who are engaged in ex-ploring based upon programs that may be STEM or other Scouting programs. As you see, Mr. Speaker, the Boy Scouts of America is important to the youth of this country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ), who is the head of our Scouting Caucus, and the Eagle class of 1963. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank Eagle Scout P
ETE S
ESSIONS for yielding. I am very hon-ored to be standing with him today as the co-chair of the Scouting Caucus, along with Eagle Scout J
IMCOOPER  from Tennessee. There are, in fact, 33 Eagle Scouts— 23 from the House of Representatives and 10 from the Senate—currently serving in the United States Congress. But just as importantly, there are 150 Members of Congress who experienced Scouting, whether as a youth, and, per-haps, in the case of 33 progressing to the rank of Eagle Scout, or, currently as myself does, serving as an adult Scout leader. Scouting was important to many of us growing up. I think when a lot of us look back on our lives and say what was one of the larger impacts we had, I can tell you, in my case, it was Scouting. And the same is true for my 24-year- old Eagle Scout son. I can’t tell you how many different camping trips my son and I enjoyed together—what a great bonding experience for a father and a son coming right up through Cub Scouts. So for all of those Scouts today, as Eagle Scout PETESESSIONS indicated, who are currently involved in Cub Scouts and Boy Scouts and Explorers, Scouting is changing their lives, and it is changing their lives for the better. We have all heard the 12 points of the Scout law. That is a compass for the youth of America today, when they are faced with tough decisions, to look at those 12 points and remind themselves that a Scout is trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obe-dient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, and reverent. Those 12 points of the Scout law are a compass for them to live their life and make the right deci-sions. b1800 Many cases I referred to the first three words of the Scout Oath, and we can’t talk about them enough, those first three words, ‘‘on my honor.’’ That is so important today for our youth to have a compass, to understand what honor is, and Scouting introduces them to that. But I will also tell you what Scout-ing is. It is young men, young boys having fun outdoors. Some say today the problem with youth in America is they have and they suffer from nature deficit disorder: They don’t get outside enough; they don’t know how to play outdoors; they are stuck with their electronic devices. Well, Scouting gets the youth of America outside. It is healthy. They get to enjoy themselves, learn all kinds of skills, but just the friendships that they get within Scouting that, over a lifetime, will help them as they become the future leaders of America. There are a disproportionate number of leaders in America today who were Scouts and, in fact, Eagle Scouts. Today, in President Trump’s Cabinet, we are honored as a country to have four Eagle Scouts: Eagle Scout Rex Tillerson, Secretary of State; Eagle Scout Rick Perry, Secretary of Energy; Eagle Scout Jeff Sessions, our current Attorney General; and Eagle Scout, Ryan Zinke, our Secretary of the Inte-rior. I will tell you, in most of their cases, they would identify Scouting as a major part of them growing up and, maybe they didn’t know it at the time, but giving them the life skills that have served them to the point today they are serving our Nation. We have 27 Members in the bipartisan Scouting Caucus; many, but not all, are Eagle Scouts. I think all of us are proud to talk about our past as an Eagle Scout, but we also remind peo-ple, to this day, we are Eagle Scouts. Once a year, our Chief Scout Execu-tive, Mike Surbaugh, comes to Wash-ington, D.C., to present a report on the status of Scouting in the Nation today. We have a great reception for our Chief Scout Executive once a year to wel-come him and Scouts from around the country as they present to us the sta-tus of Scouting in America today. I would be remiss if I didn’t recognize the last four presidents of the Boy Scouts of America. Our current presi-dent, Randall Stephenson, is the cur-rent CEO of AT&T. He followed Bob Gates, who was our Secretary of De-fense; Wayne Perry, the vice chairman of AT&T; and our own Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, when he was CEO of Exxon, was the president of the Boy Scouts of America. So I think all of us today understand the importance of Scouting in our lives and, in many cases, just reflect back on the fun that we had as young kids and young adults. Once every 4 years, all the Scouts in America gather, with some from around the world as well, at our na-tional Scout jamboree. We currently have a permanent Scout High Adven-ture site in West Virginia at the Sum-mit. Eagle Scout P
ETESESSIONS and I, as well as others, 4 years ago, went to the Summit. And you know what? We just had fun. We went down the zip line. We went on some of the other obstacle courses. Even as adults, it was reliving our youth. And we intend to go back later in July for, every 4 years, as I said, they have the national Scout jam-boree. Somewhere in the neighborhood of 40,000 Scouts from around the United States will gather for approximately 1 week and just have a lot of fun, get to meet others from around the country. So that is what Scouting is. I can’t think of a more healthy activity for young men to be involved in, and, I think, in many cases, certainly, the moms of this world understand the im-portant values that their sons are get-ting, as well as the dads. I can just tell you, I am happy to stay involved in Scouting. As the co- chair of the Eagle Scout Caucus, I am proud to remind people I am today an Eagle Scout. And we also have fun shaking hands with our left hand. That’s how Scouts do it, the hand clos-est to our heart. I was with our Secretary of State in Alaska a week ago and went to intro-duce myself. He put out his right hand to shake hands, as adults do, and I said: ‘‘No, sir, Mr. Secretary. As one Eagle Scout to another, we are going to shake hands the right way, with our left hands.’’ He got a big smile on his face because he knew exactly what I was talking about. So Eagle Scout P
ETE SESSIONS , I want to thank you for giving me the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.090 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4491 May 23, 2017 
opportunity to talk a little bit about Scouting today in our Congress. Thank you for your leadership in our Special Order tonight, and I look forward to hearing from our other Members of Congress, fellow Eagle Scouts. I know it impacted their life. Thank you again for your leadership tonight. Mr. SESSIONS. Eagle Scout C
HRIS C
OLLINS , thank you very much. By the way, one of those presidents of the Boy Scouts of America was Ed Whitacre. When I was at AT&T, Mr. Whitacre led the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica, understanding how important it is. Ladies and gentlemen, the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, the gentleman from Dallas, Texas, is also an Eagle Scout. J
EBHENSARLING not only is a bright, young, thoughtful, ar-ticulate leader in the United States Congress, he is Eagle Class of 1971. Chairman H
ENSARLING , as an Eagle Scout, not only distinguished himself to Scouting, but also, that led him to Texas A&M University and then, fur-ther, to the University of Texas Law School. He is a young man who not only deeply believes in his country and his God, but he believes in the things that have brought him forward to be-come a leader in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Eagle Scout J
EBHEN-
SARLING . Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank the gentleman for yielding. I have had many opportunities in my career to come to this House floor and speak about topics of great impor-tance, but few are as near and dear to my heart as is Scouting. So, one, I want to thank the gen-tleman from New York for his leader-ship and the gentleman from Texas for his leadership and keeping Scouting alive not only in their hearts, but in the heart of the House and in the hearts of so many young men in Amer-ica today. Mr. Speaker, as I think about my own life, I think how terribly blessed I have been. I think about the molders of my character, and, certainly, I thank the Lord for the blessing of being able to worship Him in the land of the free. And I think about the impact my church has had upon my life. I think how blessed I am to have par-ents like Charles and Ann Hensarling, who raised me in College Station, Texas, and how proud I am to be my mother’s son and how proud I was to be my late father’s son. But I also think about what Scouting meant as a mold-er of my character. Mr. Speaker, that is not what origi-nally drew me to Scouting. I was origi-nally drawn to the fun of it, to the high adventure, to the camping trips, to those Capture the Flag games that went on to the wee hours of the morn-ing. Little did I know how long one could actually hunt for a snipe back in the early days of my Scouting career. And so I was drawn to Indian lore and canoeing and camping, and that was so exciting to me. So when I think about my Scouting career, Mr. Speaker, I think about, you know, the fun I had. I think about the friendships. There are people I haven’t seen for decades, but, you know, I think about a friend by the name of Dennis Gary, whom I haven’t seen in decades. But if I saw him tomorrow, I would know him because I would know him through his heart, because we ex-perienced Scouting together, and so many others. I think about the many practical things I learned in my Scouting career. I hope I never fall into a hole and break an arm, but if I did, even today at my ripe old age, I could still tie a one- handed bowline. I still know how to do that. I hope I am never lost in the forest for days on end, but, you know, Mr. Speaker, I know that, as distasteful as it would be, I could survive off of cat-tail root and dandelion leaves because that is what Scouting taught me. So Scouting is about fun; it is about friendship; but it was about practical things that I learned. Mr. Speaker, there is even a far more important as-pect to Scouting, and that is values, the values that we learned. So even today, as a Member of Con-gress, I know how important it is to be prepared, to be prepared before I come to this House floor and try to convince fellow Members of this august body on actions that we should take in the life of a great nation. As we deal with so many issues about the lives of a great nation, I also re-member, for example, somebody who wasn’t in the Boy Scouts—my wife. I know back in Dallas, Texas, almost every week of her life she is driving some indigent cancer patient to their treatments. I reflected that, although as Members of Congress we deal with matters of great importance that impact millions and millions of people, I have got to tell you, my wife, back in Dallas, Texas, does a good turn daily. It re-minds me that I learned in Scouting how important it is to help one human life at a time and to do a good turn daily. When I look upon my colleagues here in Congress today, I think about a cer-tain colleague, and I am not going to mention his name, but a colleague who at one time wasn’t quite keeping up with his diet. He wasn’t quite keeping up with his exercise. Although he had young children, he had a heart attack, and we almost lost this colleague, but he came back. It is a reminder how im-portant it is to keep ourselves phys-ically strong for our children, for our parents, for our colleagues, and for our friends. That is something I learned in Scouting, Mr. Speaker. I think about another friend whose wife almost was lost when she was di-agnosed with a very serious form of cancer, stage IV. But there was an oncologist here in this area, in the Washington area, who was on the cut-ting edge of cancer research that saved her life, and she was—the percentages against her, there was a 99 percent chance she wouldn’t make it, but she did because somebody decided to be mentally awake. That is something else I learned in Scouting, Mr. Speaker, how important it is to be mentally awake. And one day, when I leave this insti-tution, some of the finest people I have ever met in life I know will have served in the United States of House of Rep-resentatives, but, unfortunately, a cou-ple of them represent the worst. A cou-ple of them have turned in their pin stripes for prison stripes because some-how they lost their way. In Scouting, we are taught to orient a map with a physical compass, but we are also taught to orient the map of life with a moral compass. So I learned in Scouting how important it was to be morally straight, to have that internal compass to guide us at all times. So I will admit, I am not proud of the fact, Mr. Speaker, but you know what? The words, over the years, occasionally they are a little rusty to me. I don’t quite recite them as I once did. I don’t always recite the words: ‘‘On my honor, I will do my best to do my duty to my God and my country, to obey the Scout Law, to help others at all times, to keep myself physically strong, men-tally awake, and morally straight.’’ So, yes, Mr. Speaker, occasionally the words are a little rusty, but the principles are as alive to me today as they were almost half a century ago when I first entered Scouting and fol-lowed that career all the way up to Eagle Scout, something I am so, so very proud of today. So, Mr. Speaker, I hope anybody who is watching the proceedings at this time will, again, understand how valu-able Scouting is to all of us. It is not just important to my own personal life. It is important to the life of a great na-tion. Our first President, the Father of our Country, said that you cannot have a free society which is not a moral soci-ety. Scouting helps make certain we have a moral society. b1815 So I think of the fun, I think of the friendship, I think of the lessons, but, most importantly, I think about that moral compass for the map of life that has guided me and, with Scouting to come in the future, will guide the life of this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Dallas for his leadership, I thank him for his friendship, I thank him for all he means for Scouting, and I thank him for yielding to me. Mr. SESSIONS. Chairman H
EN-
SARLING , Eagle Scout, class of 1971, thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, I hold a Scoutbook, something I call the second good book. Of course, we know in Scouting, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.091 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4492 May 23, 2017 
good book is the Bible; but to Scouters, also the second good book is the Boy Scout Handbook. This was given to me in 2010 by Bob Mazzuca, who is our chief Scout executive, and he gave it to me with really a guide to my life to continue down that pathway of talking about Scouting in great ways. And that is what we are doing tonight. I acknowledge that we not only have J
OHN GARAMENDI , who is an Eagle Scout, class of 1960, who will be speak-ing in a bit, but on a bipartisan basis, this body has young people, young men who understood why they got into Scouting. They understood about their life. They certainly understand it now. At this time I would like to bring forth Eagle Scout F
RENCH HILL, 1972, from Arkansas, a relatively new Mem-ber of Congress, not only a mature man, but a man who comes with the proxy of knowledge of what Boy Scout-ing has helped provide him. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), an Eagle Scout. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS for holding this Special Order. It means, I think, a lot not only to the Scouts that are here in the House of Representatives and the Senate to recognize the importance of Scouting to our country, but to all the mothers, fathers, and Scouts that are seeing this proceeding on C–SPAN or will hear about it to realize that they are participating in something that is very special. I mean, I think of Scouting, really, Mr. Speaker, as a gift to the country for all of the reasons that the previous speakers have noted. I can’t think about Scouting without thinking about what it has meant to me, Chairman S
ESSIONS , and influencing on my young life. Role models is the first thing that comes to mind with Scouting. I think about my dad—who was not an Eagle Scout. He was a Sea Scout— and he ended up being basically a Life Scout for life, as people say in Scout-ing. But nobody was more influential to me in my youth than my dad—cur-rently 91 years old—a Scout still at heart, and all the experiences we had together, how we bonded as father and son, and how, when I went off to col-lege, Mr. Speaker, he continued to be a role model and adult leader for young men for years to come. That is the kind of person that is in every one of our communities all over this country, helping mold our young people through the Scouting program. Mr. Speaker, Scouting was my first paid job. I worked at a Scout camp. I earned, I believe, something like $10 a week, plus room and board, of course. It is when I first learned who FICA was because, at $10 a week, I wanted to know who took this $2 out of my $10 check. So I learned my first lesson about Federal economic policy and who FICA was as a Boy Scout working at the end of a very dusty parking lot for 7 weeks in the hot summer of Arkan-sas, teaching, pioneering, cooking, and camping merit badges. But I think of other adults besides my dad. I think about Angelo Coppola and Fred Bean, both constituents of mine now that I serve in the people’s House who were camp directors at that camp where I was a very happy em-ployee and Scout for those summers in the early 1970s. So Scouting is about role models. Scouting is about character building, and that starts that relationship, I think, between our moms and our dads that are involved in the Scouting pro-gram, and what we give to kids today. And, boy, do we need that character de-velopment. The Boy Scouts of America was formed in 1910 and was inspired by British war hero Robert S.S. Baden- Powell of the Scouting program started back in the U.K. A lot of people today who are involved in Scouting, even at this moment, Mr. Speaker, don’t know that the U.S. Congress presented a law to Woodrow Wilson, who signed it in 1916, chartering the Boy Scouts of America. We are chartered by the United States Congress, and what a special feeling it is for all of us who are Scouts in Congress today to recognize that something that was so important to our youth was, in fact, chartered by the body that we serve in today. In the early 20th century, Baden- Powell was thinking about how to ex-pand army youth training with a place for all boys to dedicate their efforts to peace, not war, and he wanted Scouting to improve boys’ lives by building their character, physical fitness, and out-door skills. He put a premium on bringing boys together from all walks of life, mixing boys from the elite prep schools and boarding schools with those in working class homes. And we do that today, Mr. Speaker. We bring boys from all back-grounds into the character-building ex-ercises of Scouting. Mr. C
OLLINS , a few minutes ago, talked about the importance of outdoor recreation, and that was certainly what brought me in. My interest in Scouting was outdoor recreation. When you think about it, in 1910, people were moving off the farm. People were ur-banizing. We were passing laws on child labor. We were trying to make sure our boys coming off the farm away from home would have a good set of role models. So Scouting was so important to that urban youth that they get char-acter and that outdoor experience. And while that was a big deal back in 1910, I would argue, as C
HRIS COLLINS  did today, that it is a big deal now. He talked about a nature deficit. There is no doubt that we have that today, just as we did in some people’s views back in 1910. In 2005, Leonard Sax wrote a seminal book that I urge not only all of our Members to read, but people watching these proceedings to read, ‘‘Boys Adrift,’’ where he argued that the lack of experiential learning and free play-time—particularly outdoors—in our childhood is diminishing our effective-ness in learning as managers and our interpersonal relationships. In 2008, Richard Louv wrote a book called ‘‘Last Child in the Woods,’’ where he argued that unstructured out-door playtime is critical to childhood development. Well, that is exactly what Scouting does. It provides outdoor recreation, something I think is essential to child-hood development; something that we have lost because of not only urbaniza-tion, but our changing behavior. One recent nature conservancy poll found that only 10 percent of American teens spend time outside every day. I can’t imagine on a day where the sun was shinning when I was a teenager that I ever spent any time indoors. My parents were always on the hunt: Where is he? He is outside somewhere. According to research by the Harvard School of Public Health, American adults spend less time outdoors than they do inside vehicles; less than 5 per-cent of their day. So I think the scientific research says our boys and our girls need out-door recreation. They need experiential learning. This is what is the core of the Scouting program. Like air and water, our wild places, our National Parks are essential to the education of our chil-dren and have greatly benefited the Boy Scouts and the Scouting experi-ence. I can’t imagine what my life would be like without that Scouting experience in terms of my love of the outdoors. The second thing that attracted me to Scouting was the leadership oppor-tunities. Baden-Powell said he wanted to be boy-driven. And here, 101 years after President Wilson signed the Boy Scouts of America into law, Scouting prides itself, Mr. Speaker, on being boy-driven, kid-driven. That is how we teach responsibility, character, and leadership. I like this famous list, Mr. SESSIONS , that we use at so many Eagle Scout ceremonies called ‘‘100 Scouts.’’ Mr. Speaker, of 100 Scouts, people who participate in Scouting: Thirty will drop out their first year, but they will remember the program fondly. Twelve will be from a family that has no religious organization or religious membership, and many will begin their first contact with the need to be mor-ally straight and have, at their heart, a belief in God; 12 will be touched by the Scouting program. Five will go on to earn their religious award from whatever faith tradition they have. One will use their Scouting skills to save a life. One will credit Scouting skills for saving their own life. Eighteen will develop a lifelong hobby. Eight will find their vocation through the exploration of the merit badge work they did as a Scout. Seventeen will later become Scout leaders, like all of our Members here on this floor tonight. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.093 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4493 May 23, 2017 
Four will become an Eagle Scout. Four out of that 100, Mr. Speaker, will earn the rank of Eagle Scout, and at least one will say they value earning that Eagle award more than their col-lege degree. When it comes to the role that Scouting plays, it is something that I am so proud of because I have a Scout in Troop 30 in St. Paul’s Methodist Church in Little Rock, and I am so proud of the work that he has done on that trail toward Eagle. He is in the middle of planning his project now to combine his love of golf and Scouting. It is a service project at The First Tee of Central Arkansas in Little Rock, and I reflect it on the value of these Eagle projects across our communities in all 50 of our States and around the world. Just in America, using 2014 data, about 150—140 people earn their Eagle rank a day in the United States. And in 2014, they spent 8.1 million hours, Mr. Speaker, on their Eagle Scout project, benefiting our towns, our communities, all over this country. In the nonprofit world, if you applied a typical pay rate to that, a project rate that the independent sector uses of about $23 an hour, that is $188 mil-lion in public service value our Eagle Scouts have contributed across this country. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell Mr. S
ES-
SIONS how much I appreciate his taking time to highlight Scouting, and the value of Scouting to our town and our communities, but, more importantly, to our families at creating that sense of character that we have talked about tonight. I am one of those people that values my Eagle Scout award, dating back to 1972, from Troop 27, at Our Lady of the Holy Souls Catholic Church in Little Rock. And I am so proud that this many years later I still have the abil-ity to support my son who is on that Eagle trail, and have the support of my dad that many long years after 1972 and my Eagle award because, in our family, we believe in a good turn daily. We be-lieve in the Scout law. We believe in the Scout oath. And if there is one thing you need to do to survive in Con-gress, you have got to be prepared. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. S
ES-
SIONS for the opportunity to share these comments in support of Scout-ing. I thank the gentleman for his serv-ice to the National Eagle Scout Asso-ciation and his long service to Circle Ten Council in Dallas, Texas. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, Eagle Scout Congressman F
RENCH HILL, Eagle class of ‘72, thank you very much. It is with great distinction now that I recognize Congressman Eagle Scout J
IMBRIDENSTINE , 1991. It was about a week ago that Eagle Scout Bridenstine came up to me and said: Pete, I want you to know that my son is involved in Scouting, and I deeply believe in it, but I think we ought to get together here. So it actually is Eagle Scout J
IM B
RIDENSTINE who said: Let’s get to-gether our Eagle Scouts and talk about it. And I hope that the gentleman will have a chance to come on July 24 or so, as Eagle Scout Members of Congress, along with Senator MIKEENZI, and per-haps others—my Down syndrome son, Eagle Scout Alexander Gregory Ses-sions, Troop 890, Lake Highlands, Texas, will join me—that you, too, with your son, may be able to go with us to the reserve and do that. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), a distinguished Eagle Scout. b1830 Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Eagle Scout Chair-man P
ETESESSIONS for his great intro-duction. It is an absolute honor to be here. About a week ago, I said I would like to get the Eagle Scouts together on the floor of the House of Representatives and talk about what it means to us to be Eagle Scouts, reflect on our history and our tradition and how great this institution has been for the United States of America for all of these years and how we must make sure that this institution stays strong for the years to come. When I brought that to the gentleman’s attention, he said, abso-lutely, we will do it. I didn’t talk to him again, and today we are doing it. I didn’t have to ask twice. As chairman of the Scouting Caucus here in the House of Representatives, the gentleman has led in a tremendous way. We have seen so many Eagle Scouts come to the Capitol, and he al-ways gets all of us together and always has us talk face-to-face with the Scouts—not just Eagle Scouts—and en-courage them from the earliest days of their Scouting careers. I want to thank him for his leader-ship, because a lot of people could chair this committee, but he hasn’t just chaired it; he has led it, and that re-flects greatly on him. When I think about my days as a Scout, I go all the way back to my Cub Scout days. In fact, it was even before I was a Scout. My brother was a year older than me, so he got to be a Cub Scout before I was a Cub Scout. He got to participate in this new thing that was going on in the lives of the Bridenstines called the pinewood derby. He had this little car—a block of wood with some nails and some wheels—and we watched that car streak from the very top of the track and come to a screeching halt where the track leveled out. In fact, this lit-tle blue car didn’t even make it to the end of the track. Of course, all of these other Scouts had all their fancy cars that had their rounded wheels and graphite on the nails and all of the weights put in the car. We didn’t know to do any of that. So my brother, John Bridenstine, who was a Cub Scout before I was a Cub Scout, had to endure the pain of being a Scout and wanting to have the fast-est car, and his didn’t even make it to the end of the track. Well, I will tell you this. There was a Life Scout named Wayne Bridenstine, who was our dad. He was not going to allow any of our cars to ever again not make it to the end of the track. So we went to work trying to learn every-thing we could about this pinewood derby. We engineered a couple of what I think are the greatest cars in Amer-ican Scouting history. The next year, the Bridenstine boys won first place and second place going forward. We won first place and second place in—I don’t remember which—but we re-versed it going backwards. So we went from having a car that didn’t even reach the end of the track to winning the pinewood derby. Many years later, now I have my own son. He is in Cub Scouts and he does the pinewood derby. I committed to him the same thing my dad committed to us back in those days: We are going to win the pinewood derby. The first year we did it, we had great success. The second year, Dad got a lit-tle, maybe, overaggressive in his engi-neering. Maybe we put the weights a little too far back. As that car came down, it got really unstable and it wob-bled. There were a couple of times it barely made it to the end of the track. But I will tell you this. The relation-ship that I had with my dad and that my brother had with our dad and that was necessary to pull us from not even finishing the race to winning the race and now the relationship with my son, Walker Bridenstine, are things that are important in our family and will be for many years to come. So those are some of my first ideas. Of course, Cub Scouts led to the Arrow of Light. The very next progres-sion is to become a Boy Scout. So we searched a number of different troops across Arlington, Texas, and Fort Worth, Texas. We were in the Longhorn Council at the time. We eventually set-tled on Troop 83. I remember some of the leaders of the troop. Coach Wasden was a football coach at Hutcheson Junior High. That was somebody who was intense. He was serious about Scouts. Boy, if you were going to move up in rank, you were going to prove to him that you have done what was required. Of course, earning merit badges was important to all of us who were trying to move up the ranks. I will never for-get the first summer camp that we went on. My brother and I were not able to go to the summer camp that our troop went on. So we went to this thing called the Maverick Camp, where we went with a bunch of Scouts we didn’t even know, but we had a great time. I am not going to lie to you; it was a challenge. I was in fifth grade. My brother was in sixth grade. It was the middle of August in Texas. We will just say the middle of August in Texas. It was just as hot at midnight as it was at the noon hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.094 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4494 May 23, 2017 
We sweat a lot. We worked hard. We got seven merit badges that summer. That was intense. We didn’t know you weren’t supposed to get that many. We showed up back at our troop for the court of honor and people were shocked that we got seven. No wonder it was so hard. Nobody told us not to get seven merit badges in one summer camp. These are some of the memories I had. My brother and I were really chal-lenged and we got that done. The next summer, we did three or four merit badges and had a lot more fun. These are some of the memories. I was the chaplain’s aid. As the chap-lain’s aid, one of the things that I prayed for most was that the chaplain would show up on the campout so I wouldn’t have to do the public speak-ing in front of everybody. And here I am now as a Member of Congress who publicly speaks as a living. That is one of the things the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica gave me: the ability to stand before an audience and tell people what was on my mind. My leadership experience was as the chaplain’s aid. My brother was the sen-ior patrol leader for Troop 83. I was in the Arrow of Light patrol. He was in the Bison Patrol. He was the senior pa-trol leader. Summer camp after summer camp and all the things we heard, here is, I think, one of the important things that people need to remember: The Boy Scouts of America is an institution that trains leaders. You might not rec-ognize it when you are in it because you believe you are just having fun, but then there come those moments in life when you really need to lean on the things that you learned as a Boy Scout, and it doesn’t even dawn on you until later that you actually learned these things as a Boy Scout. After I graduated from college, I joined the United States Navy. I be-came a pilot. Of course, one of the things we have to do is survival, eva-sion, resistance, and escape. In this process, we have to live in the woods for a period of time. We have to figure out how we are going to survive and evade for a week. During this time, you have to live based on the things that you see around you. You have to be able to start a fire. Some of these basic things I was able to do that all the peers around me had no ability to do because they did not have the life experiences in the Boy Scouts of America. We had to be able to cook a rabbit, something that I had done before and something that my peers, also Navy pi-lots, had not done. We had to able to land navigate with a map and a com-pass, which, to me, was second nature because I had done it for years trying to get to my rank of Eagle. But for so many people, it was a foreign concept to use a map and a compass to land navigate from point A to point B. I remember one group navigated point to point. Our group said: We don’t want to go point to point because if we miss the point, we won’t know we missed the point. So we are going to in-tentionally offset, hit the river, and then we are going to know exactly where we are. Of course, we didn’t miss the point. We knew where we were going. But some of my peers who did not have the experiences I had went well beyond the point and didn’t know they had gone down the point, then they had to come back. I could have told you that was going to happen because it had happened to me previously as somebody who was in the Boy Scouts of America. These are very real-life experiences that you look back on and say: Why was I able to do this? I was able to do it because I was in the Boy Scouts of America. You also look back and say there are things that are intangible, things that are not specific. I heard Eagle Scout J
EB HENSARLING today—chairman, Congressman, Eagle Scout—talk about tying a bowline in one hand and how he doesn’t anticipate finding himself at the bottom of a cliff with a broken arm, but if he did, he would be able to tie a one-handed bowline and somebody would be able to pull him out. Cer-tainly, that is exactly the same kind of thing that I learned when I was going through the same program. Just a couple of weeks ago, Walker Bridenstine, my son, had to learn how to tie a bowline. I was trying to teach him how to tie a bowline the old-fash-ioned way. I simply couldn’t do it. When I tried to tie it as a one-handed bowline, I was able to do it. It just stuck with me all of these years. So, again, these are specific skills. But the leadership, the ability to lead people are things that the Boy Scouts teach you. You apply these things every day in your life, and you don’t even know you are doing it. I will also say that, as employers, we look for leaders when we are trying to find whom we are going to hire. We see over and over again employers looking to hire Eagle Scouts from the Boy Scouts of America. So there might be somebody today who is watching this maybe on C– SPAN, maybe on the internet; and maybe you are a Boy Scout, maybe you are a Cub Scout, maybe you are not sure if you are going to stick it out. I will tell you this. Every interview I have ever gone on, I had a resume. On that resume was included the fact that I was an Eagle Scout. Even when I was applying for college, I put on my re-sume and in all of my extracurricular classes that I was an Eagle Scout. I would highly encourage anybody that is maybe at a lower rank but working hard to attain that Eagle, finish your Eagle Scout. My dad was a Life Scout. He moved when he was a Life Scout. He never fin-ished his Eagle. His brother, J
IM B
RIDENSTINE , my uncle, did finish his Eagle Scout. Of course, my brother and I both finished our Eagle Scout, and now our kids are in Scouts, and we are going to do everything we can to help them finish their Eagle Scout. Not only did I put it on every re-sume, not only on all of my college ap-plications, I will tell you, I also ran for Federal office. The first thing I did in my campaign commercials is tell peo-ple: My name is JIMBRIDENSTINE , and I am an Eagle Scout. Before I told them that I went to college or before I told them that I was a Navy pilot, I told them that I was an Eagle Scout. I think it is important for people to understand that some folks have a de-sire from an early age to achieve. When employers look at a resume, when vot-ers look at somebody running for of-fice, they want to see that. I will tell you, there was somebody who came into my office not too long ago wanting a job. I had a number of great candidates. It was nearly impos-sible for me to pick which one. We all know this: When you get to be a Mem-ber of Congress, you get hundreds of re-sumes the next day. I was getting down to the end, and I was trying to figure out which one. I got down to three. When they left my office, one of the three said this: One other thing I need to let you know; I am an Eagle Scout. That did it for me. I knew at that point that this young man had com-mitted himself to something much big-ger than himself from an early age. That person now works in my office. I look for that. I know employers across this country look for that. It speaks volumes to the character and the training of the individual. That will continue. I will tell you, when you think about all of the astronauts in the United States of America, the 316 or so of them in the history of the United States of America, 40 of them were Eagle Scouts. That is not by accident. I will tell you that is a much higher percentage than the number of Eagle Scouts who are produced in the Boy Scouts of America, and it is certainly a much higher percentage than the num-ber of Eagle Scouts that exist in the population of the United States of America. So this is something that em-ployers look for. I took my 11-year-old son to the Air Force Academy just about a month ago. I took some brochures about what it takes to get into the Air Force Acad-emy. There is all kinds of stuff in there about being an athlete and being a great student, but one of the six cri-teria that they look for is: Are you an Eagle Scout at the Air Force Academy of the United States of America? I would also argue they probably look for the same thing at West Point and the Naval Academy. These are things that employers look for, that schools look for, that the military looks for. These are the character issues that are important. So if you are in Scouting today, my encouragement to you is to finish, get your Eagle Scout. If you are below the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.095 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4495 May 23, 2017 
age of 18 and you have still got time, I would encourage you to join and get your Eagle Scout. It has been impor-tant for me. It has been important for my brother. It has been important for my family. b1845 My uncle Jim’s son, Shane, my cous-in, is also an Eagle Scout. This is a tra-dition of the Bridenstine family, and I would encourage you to make it a tra-dition in yours. Mr. Chairman, I just want to say thank you for your leadership and thank you for leading this effort. Mr. SESSIONS. Eagle Scout J
IM B
RIDENSTINE , Member of Congress from Oklahoma, Eagle Class 1991, thank you very much. The Scouting stories of leadership, of character, and of opportunity began in my life with my father, who was an Eagle Scout. His father, Dr. Will A. Sessions, in 1947 wrote the original God and Country Award Handbook. I want-ed to be an Eagle Scout because of my dad. I have two young sons: William Steele Sessions II, who is an Eagle Scout, age 27; and Alexander Gregory Sessions, a Down syndrome young man, an Eagle Scout, who is 23. Scout-ing is in our blood, we believe it, but it is also in family blood. J
IM B
RIDENSTINE spoke about it, and C HRIS C
OLLINS spoke about the Eagle Class of ‘63. This other next young man who is here will talk about Scouting and what a difference it makes. I wish we had hours, Mr. Speaker, but the rules allow 1 hour. He is a young man from Penn-sylvania, Eagle Scout G
LENN ‘‘GT’’ T
HOMPSON . I had an opportunity to go to Pennsylvania with the Chief Scout Executive and give GT T
HOMPSON his National and Distinguished Eagle Scout Award and pin him. G
LENN ’s wife is a Scouting widow. She is proud of her Eagle Scout sons, but she knows that the weekends are made for Scouting. GT T
HOMPSON is a man who will be with me again at the Summit Bechtel Reserve this year for the Scouting Jamboree. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank you so much for this opportunity. It is great to have a distinguished brother Eagle Scout like yourself. Mr. Speaker, Scouting has been a part of my family—or I have been part of the Scouting family, actually, since I was 11 years old. When I was 11 years old, my mom and dad did an amazing thing; they did what today I would call a good turn. It was really an amazing turn. They actually opened their home up—and this was appropriate since we are talking about a lot of foster youth this week, kids that grew up in foster families. They opened our family up to a boy that was just 2 years older than I, Bob. Bob came as a foster brother, and he is still my brother today. Bob has some special needs. Bob had been bouncing around foster care homes his whole life, but when he came to our house, he didn’t bounce any-more. He stuck. Like I said, he became my brother and is my brother today. My mom and dad made a promise to him. One of the positive things that happened to Bob in the home he had been living in prior to coming to our home was that he got involved in a Boy Scout Troop. That Boy Scout Troop ex-perience did amazing things for Bob. It really did. It was life changing for him because it allowed Bob to have success experiences, to enjoy the outdoors, and to flourish with things that he really developed a passion for. As an 11-year-old younger brother, I lucked out. When mom and dad took Bob back over a couple of valleys to the Scout Troop where he was associ-ated with—there was no Scout Troop in my hometown at the time—I got to tag along. I was 11 years old, and I never looked back. I have been involved in Scouting since I have been 11 years old. I went on to achieve and earn my Eagle Scout Award. I have served as a Chapter Chief and a Juniata Lodge Chief in the Monocan Lodge in the Juniata Valley Council with the Order of the Arrow. I went on to be a Scout Master for 30 years. One of the hardest parts about com-ing to Congress was the fact that I wasn’t going to be home to be able to work with those youth leaders who were leading the troop for Scout meet-ings, campouts, and events on the weekend. That was the hardest part about taking this job because I had been a Scout Master for almost 30 years. I had trained Scout Masters, I was a course director, and I had served my council as a council president. I am still involved with Scouting. I was back at my old stomping ground at the Seven Mountains Scout Camp in Spring Mills, Pennsylvania, on Sunday for an Eagle Scout court of honor. Here is the cool part of that: at that site over 70 years ago, my father-in-law re-ceived his Eagle Scout Award. Now, I am not saying it should be a pre-requisite for picking out a wife that her dad is an Eagle Scout, but it worked out okay for me. It wasn’t a bad thing. So Scouting has been a big part of our family. My wife, Penny, has been a Cub Scout leader and a committee member, and, yes, a Scouting widow when our three sons and I, at different times, would pack up and go off to camp and High Adventure. Sometimes she would come along, actually. A lot of times she was left at home. Unfortu-nately, she was there to accept all the dirty laundry at the end of the week-end or the week, but she is just as much a Scouting leader. When I think about a great Scouting leader, my wife, Penny, comes to mind with what she has done. I enjoy the opportunities to go out to Eagle Scout courts of honor. It really is a great opportunity to reconnect and to be a part of Scouting. I enjoy going to Girl Scout Gold Awards as well. So when I go there, normally I will look at the new Eagle Scout. I will talk about how we are there to celebrate all the merit badges they have earned, the citizenship that has been reflected in their actions, the character that we have seen, and the service that they have provided that now entitles them to be able to have that red, white, and blue piece of ribbon with a piece of metal in the shape of an eagle hang from their chest. I also tell them they are ready for one last test question. I will look them in the eye and say: It has been over 100 years since Scouting came to these shores from England, where Scouting was first originated. So the question I give them is: Over 100 years, how many Eagle Scout Awards have been given away? These kids are really smart. Some-how they are trying to do the math in their head. I stop them, and I say: Whoa. Stop. This is a trick question. The answer is zero. They have all been earned. None of them has ever been given away. I talk about how now, as new Eagle Scouts, they have this tool chest that they carry with them. They don’t carry it physically in their hands; they carry it in here. And it really is the prin-ciples of Scouting, because we stop and we start our meetings, we start our meetings, we end our meetings, we do our campouts and our Scouts’ own wor-ship services. We are always using and repeating the 12 points of the Scout law and three parts of the Scout prom-ise. We do that because we want these boys who start out as young boys and become men to have muscle memory. Muscle memory is not just on the good days where it is easy things, where things are going well and we are all celebrating and high-fiving each other and life is good, but on the bad days. Bad days do come. Life will be hard at times. We want them, espe-cially in those times, to be able to rely on that muscle memory of those prin-ciples of Scouting. I talk about how in this Chamber we are here voting. The chairman knows this. There are 435 of us. It is kind of interesting if you watch how people make up their mind to vote. It is pret-ty diverse sometimes. But for people like myself—I will take the liberty. I know this man well. This gentleman right here, Mr. S
ESSIONS , is an Eagle Scout. I fall back on the principles of Scouting. I ask myself four questions when it comes time to vote. The first question is: In the decision I am about to make, what is my duty to God? Is the decision righteous according to God’s Word and my faith? Now, I said there are four questions. But if the answer is ‘‘no’’ on the first one, I don’t go on to two, three, and four. I stop right there. If the answer is ‘‘yes,’’ then the next question is: In the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.097 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4496 May 23, 2017 
decision I am about to make, what is my duty to country? What does the Constitution have to say about this de-cision that is before us? The third question I ask is: In the de-cision I am about to make, what is my duty to others? Now, that one is a little harder be-cause that is like: How does this im-pact more than 730,000 citizens that I have the privilege and honor to rep-resent—16 counties, 24 percent of the landmass of Pennsylvania? Finally, the last question is: What is my duty to self? Now, for those who maybe it has been awhile since you have been involved in the Scouting family or maybe you just never had that opportunity, there is still time for everybody to get involved and support Scouting. There are a lot of volunteer jobs out there that can be filled. What we mean when we say duty to self, it is not self-serving. We define that by in every action we take and every decision we make, we are pre-pared to do our best. That is a reflec-tion of the Scout motto and the Scout slogans. So those are principles as Eagle Scouts I really do believe that, by that point, it becomes muscle mem-ory. Any youth, for whatever period of time they have the opportunity to serve in Scouting, we know based on the research division of the Boy Scouts of America that it makes a difference in their lives. I will finish up with this. I have said that, as a Scout Master for 30 years, I have seen this work its way out count-less times, but let me take a personal privilege and just mention three par-ticular Eagle Scouts: Parker, Logan, and Kale Thompson, my three sons. They are all three Eagle Scouts. They are all adults now. They are scat-tered—if anything, maybe one flaw is we made them too independent. They are now flourishing, one in Elgin, Illi-nois; one in San Antonio, Texas; and one in Trenton, New Jersey. Inde-pendent—I guess Scouting will do that. You learn to fly as an Eagle Scout. I will tell you what I have seen. Parker today is a great dad. What he does with his two little guys, I see the lessons he learned in Scouting that just come through in how he nourishes. Logan, my second son, is a soldier. Although I worried about him, I didn’t worry as much when he was deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan because I knew that, as an Eagle Scout, he could han-dle whatever came to him. My youngest, Kale, is a music teach-er today who nourishes and just serves youth, kids in middle school, and makes such a difference in their lives. In the lives of my three sons, I see how being a Boy Scout and an Eagle Scout has made them better men and made them better in all the roles that they serve. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Eagle Scout G
LENN THOMPSON , Eagle Scout 1977. On behalf of Chief Scout Executive Mike Surbaugh and Mem-bers of Congress who gathered together this evening to tell another story, I in-tend to do it again next month. I in-tend to get JOHN GARAMENDI , who is one of our dear friends from California, Eagle Class of 1960. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Eagle Scouts of Congress who had time to come tonight, myself, C
HRIS COLLINS , J
EBHENSARLING , F RENCH HILL, JIM B
RIDENSTINE , GT T HOMPSON , I am thankful for the hour you have allowed us to tell the story about the Boy Scouts of America, about exceptionalism, about the Order of the Arrow, and about the opportunity for character to lead a great nation. Mr. Speaker, we are thankful for the time. We will be back. We hope that we leave our campsite better than the way we found it. That is what we try to do every day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues who, for the last hour, have talked about an extremely important part of America’s social fab-ric: the Scouting programs of America. I thank them for bringing to Congress and to the American people the impor-tance of Scouting at all levels. And for those of us who have achieved the rank of Eagle Scout, much was discussed. Equally important are the men that enter and only spend a couple of weeks and do not pass beyond the Tenderfoot level because they, too, have achieved, at least in part, the opportunities that Scouting presents. I will talk about that more in the fu-ture, and I will look forward to that discussion. In the meantime, let’s see if we can now talk about other things that are before Congress and the Amer-ican public. Mr. Speaker, almost unnoticed as a result of all of the issues—all of the controversies surrounding the Presi-dent here in the United States, the controversies of Russia and Russia’s in-volvement in the election, the firing of Comey and the investigations now con-ducted by a new special counsel, and, of course, the President’s foreign travels, with all of that, we have basically not heard much about another extremely important and quite possibly a much longer lasting thing that has happened. Today the President presented his budget. A budget presented by the President is often just waved aside by the Congress and considered to be dead on arrival, and surely this one should be. But I want to back up for a moment and I want us all to ponder exactly what it is that the President has pro-posed. b1900 Because, you see, the budget, wheth-er it is a Democratic budget or a Re-publican budget, an Obama budget or a Trump budget or a George H.W. Bush budget, those budgets are a statement of priorities. They are a statement of the value, the values that is what it is that the President thinks is important and how that fits into the American so-ciety. We need to really understand and value the statement that the Presi-dent, President Trump, has made in presenting to us his priorities. We ought not just wave it aside and say it is of no consequence because, after all, we are going to rewrite it and we are going to write our own, which is the tradition. However, it would be a gross mistake not to analyze what it is that the President of the United States of America, the strongest, the wealthiest country in the world, has proposed. Take a careful look, America. Don’t just brush it aside. This is what the President wants. This is what he wants us to be. This is his vision of America. I must tell you, it is awful—not my words only, but the words of many Re-publican leaders, of, obviously, the Democrats. Take a look, America, at what it is he is proposing. I am going to run through some of this because we need to understand, Members of Congress, we Americans need to understand what it is that this President wants us to be, what it is he sees as America. I am going to go through just some things very, very quickly, and then we want to go into it perhaps in a little more detail. Medicaid is a program that has been in existence for some 60-plus years. It is a program that provides healthcare to the poor. It is a program that pro-vides care to seniors. It is a program that is relied upon all across this coun-try by families so that the children and adults can get medical care. The President has proposed, in his budget, a $610 billion reduction in Medicare on top of, in addition to, an $800 billion cut in what we know now as Trump and RyanCare, the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. A $1.5 trillion re-duction in medical services to the poor. And they are not all kids. They are not all families. More than half of that money goes to seniors in nursing homes. This is the vision of the President of the United States: $1.5 trillion reduc-tion in medical services over the next 10 years to working men and women just above the poverty level, to seniors who are in nursing homes, and to women and children who are below the poverty level. This is his vision of healthcare in America. And that is not all. That is not the end of the story. In the 1990s, we knew that children not covered by Medicaid or, in Cali-fornia, Medi-Cal were not getting med-ical services; and so the American peo-ple, through their representatives in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.099 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4497 May 23, 2017 
Congress and the Senate, created what we now know as the Children’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP—Children’s Health Insurance Program. And so what is the vision? What is the value? What is the moral purpose of our President? He would cut $3.2 billion out of that program and effectively deny medical services for the 6 million children that are currently covered by the Children’s Health Insurance Program. For the aged, blind, and disabled—the aged, blind, and disabled Americans— that receive supplemental Social Secu-rity programs, $64 billion would be cut from those aged, blind, and disabled who receive supplemental Social Secu-rity insurance. Students? How many times on this floor of the House of Representatives have we heard Democrats and Repub-licans talk about the terrible problem of student loans, the huge cost of pro-viding educational services? So what is in this budget? Student loans, financial aid, and re-payment, $143 billion reduction. How does that help our educational pro-gram? How does that help students who are suffering under the cost of higher education? I don’t know what the an-swer is except it does not. For men and women who are working at minimum wage or below minimum wage across the United States, there is a program that was established by Richard Nixon called the earned in-come tax credit to encourage people to work. Men and women that are out there working but at a low wage, min-imum wage, the earned income tax credit was established to lift them up to a liveable amount of money and en-courage them to continue to work. What does the President propose? Well, let’s cut, by $40 billion, the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit. It goes on and on. This is President Trump’s statement of what he values in America. I think it is immoral. I think it is terrible public policy, and, when cou-pled with the rest of the story, it be-comes an abomination. The rest of the story, the rest of the story is the most massive tax cut ever for the wealthy in the United States. You take that tax cut that has been proposed in the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, and you couple it with the tax cuts that are embedded in the President’s budget, and we are talking somewhere north of $3.5 tril-lion tax cuts, 80 percent of which goes to the top 20 percent of America’s in-come earners. All the discussion last year about in-come inequality from President Trump, from Hillary Clinton, from ev-erybody else about income inequality and the problem it presents to America was somehow forgotten. Because, when you take the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which some call the Amer-ican Health Care Act now, and you cou-ple it with this budget, the tax cuts that are embedded in both of them amount to the largest transfer of wealth ever in tax policy from the poor, from the working Americans, to the top earners in America, to the superwealthy. If you are concerned about income inequality, this is exactly backwards. It is from the working men and women, the middle class of America and the poor to the wealthy. That is exactly what is happening here. Is that a rational vision of America? Is this a sense of value of what Amer-ica is all about: more for the wealthy, less for the working men and women, the middle class, for the families that presumably—presumably—were at the heart of last year’s election? Yes, we heard Mr. Trump and we heard Ms. Clinton go around the Na-tion talking about how we need to raise up the middle class, how we need to deal with this income inequality, what a problem it was for our society and our economy, months and months of political rhetoric. And now we see what is actually—actually—taking place: the greatest transfer of wealth from the middle class and the poor to the wealthy that has ever been found in any piece of legislation proposed. God help us if it is enacted. Watch carefully, America. This budget, the re-peal of the Affordable Care Act to-gether with the proposed tax cuts, will devastate, seriously harm, personal lives in America by taking away their health insurance, by taking away their money that they depend upon to pay their rent, to put food on the table, to care for their children. This is not the America that I want to see, and I don’t think this is the America that the American public voted for. Whether they were a Demo-crat or a Republican, whether they voted for Trump or Hillary, they did not envision an America that would take $1.5 trillion out of the Medicaid program, of which 50 percent of that money goes to seniors in nursing homes. I don’t think that is what they had in mind when they voted last November. That is not what they were promised. That is not what either of the two can-didates promised. They promised to deal with this income inequality issue. They promised, both of them, to pro-vide more healthcare, not less. That is just on this one side of it. Neither promised massive tax cuts for the superwealthy. In fact, both railed against the way in which we have seen those at the top of the heap benefit while the rest were stagnated. Both candidates did that. And yet the proposal that has been put before this Congress in the last 127 days has been quite the opposite. The repeal of the Affordable Care Act, ripping away healthcare benefits for 24 million Americans, and now on top of it, this budget proposal that the President has given to us. b1915 I want to take just another moment because this one ought to be close to every American. In the President’s budget proposal, there is a $7 billion re-duction for research in the National In-stitutes of Health. What does the Na-tional Institutes of Health do? It does research. It does research on disease. Over the years, Democrats, Repub-licans, both sides of the aisle have put forth proposals to advance and increase the research in healthcare. And the result? The result of that is this. I have used this many times on the floor. As I looked at the President’s proposal to cut $7 billion out of the Na-tional Institutes of Health, I thought we ought to come back to this. Deaths from major diseases over the years. Be-cause we have invested in research, we have seen breast cancer deaths decline by 2 percent, prostate cancer decline by 11 percent, heart disease decline by 14 percent, stroke by 23 percent, HIV/ AIDS by 52 percent. That is what hap-pens when you invest in research. That is what happens when we take the tax-payer money and we put it into re-search on healthcare and medical issues. Today, the National Institutes of Health has $5 billion of valuable re-search projects that cannot be funded, research projects on all of these. In-stead of adding an additional $5 billion, the President proposes to give that $5 billion to the wealthiest of Americans. The top 40 families in America, under his proposals, would receive a $7 mil-lion reduction in their taxes. And I daresay that four or five of those fami-lies are either the President’s family or in the Cabinet. This purple line here, this one, over the last year, we have increased the funding for Alzheimer’s from just over $500 million to just under $1 billion. This one is out of control. Every family in America is experiencing the effects of dementia and Alzheimer’s. My fam-ily. My mother-in-law spent her last 3 years in our home and died of Alz-heimer’s. It is not unusual. In fact, it is common. Incidentally, cancer is some $6 bil-lion a year for research; heart disease, $5 billion; HIV/AIDS, about $3 billion; Alzheimer’s about $900 million. We know that if we were to spend the money, we could delay the onset, dra-matically improve the lives not only of the individuals but of the families. So what does the President propose? Not adding $5 billion for research that we know would provide benefits, extend the lives of Americans. He proposed to cut by $7 billion. Is this a statement of his values, of what he thinks is impor-tant, of his morality, of his administra-tion? On the floor of the House, in the cloakrooms, what is argued and often said is that each and every bill that passes here, each and every proposal that we introduce, is a statement of our own personal sense of morality of what is right and what is wrong, of val-ues. Today, I looked at the Hill papers, what we fondly call the Hill rags, three of them. The top story is not the Presi-dent’s budget. The top story is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.101 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4498 May 23, 2017 
President’s scandals. But I will tell you this: This budget is the real story be-cause this is going to live on. This is what we will be fighting about. All the issues of the scandal in Russia and ev-erything else will be dealt with by oth-ers and some of our committees, but this is what is going to affect the American public in their homes, in their lives, in their healthcare, in their education, and in their jobs. The Presi-dent proposed a budget, and it is a re-flection of what he believes to be im-portant. That is a scandal. I can go on and on here, and I suppose I promised some that I wouldn’t. There is much that we can do. There is much that we need to do. We have great needs in the United States. We need an infrastructure program. We need a healthcare system that provides bene-fits to all in which the costs are con-trolled. We have a military and we have national security, and we will de-bate these things, but I cannot let a day go by without contemplating what it is that the President has proposed to America. Not to us but to America. And it is not good. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE DETERIORATING SITUATION IN VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) for 30 minutes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so grateful to Mr. A
LBIO SIRES, my good friend from New Jersey, the rank-ing member of our Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere in the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs for joining me tonight for this Special Order re-garding the deteriorating situation in Venezuela, demonstrating not only the bipartisan nature of this issue, Mr. Speaker, but also the need for the United States, and specifically the Congress, to be even more engaged. As Mr. S
IRES knows—and we will hear from him in just a few minutes— the situation in Venezuela, as you can see here, is becoming more desperate by the day. The humanitarian situa-tion is getting worse, if one can imag-ine that. The Maduro regime continues its flagrant human rights violations, and, despite the latest round of sanc-tions against human rights violators imposed by our excellent Treasury De-partment, the United States needs to take more decisive steps in support of the people of Venezuela. Mr. Speaker, at least 48 Venezuelans have been killed in almost 2 months of protests, nonstop protests, against the dictatorship responsible for a litany of crimes. You cannot enumerate them. Horrific human rights abuses, drug trafficking, a rapidly worsening hu-manitarian situation. The list goes on and on, Mr. Speaker. Venezuelans do not have access to even the most basic of necessities, which means water, food, and medi-cine. None of that exists in Venezuela. Venezuelan humanitarian shortages of food and medicine. People are standing in lines to get nothing. The Venezuelan Pharmaceutical Federation estimates that the country is running shortages on nearly every necessary medical item. For those few Venezuelans who could afford to purchase medicine, they are forced to pay exorbitant prices for supplies like gauze, pain relievers, Band-Aids, and that is only if they are available in the first place, Mr. Speak-er. Hospital workers have told us that the supplies are being raided, and they are being sold on the black market. The situation is no better when it comes to food. Last week, a 46-year-old man was killed by soldiers as he was on his way home from buying diapers for his baby. Killed while buying diapers for his baby. Why? Because diapers are a scarce commodity. They have been a scarce commodity for over a year now in Venezuela, a country that was abun-dant in natural resources. Earlier this week, this very week, a 15-year-old boy was shot and killed for the crime of buying flour. One study reports that 75 percent of the population of Venezuela—this is unbelievable—has lost an average of 19 pounds due to food shortages. Even ob-taining water can be an expensive prop-osition for those without running water at home. The shortage of basic goods has led to massive lines, has led to violence, has led to looting as people have become increasingly desperate for the basic, meager means to survive. We are just talking about basic neces-sities, Mr. Speaker. This tragic humanitarian situation could have been prevented, Mr. Speak-er, and no one is more responsible than the thug who rules Venezuela with an iron fist, Nicolas Maduro, and his des-potic regime. The Maduro dictatorship presides over the world’s largest oil re-serves yet has managed to run the state oil company and the entire econ-omy into the ground. Socialism does not work. Com-munism does not work. One need only look at Venezuela. Instead of allowing humanitarian relief, the regime has na-tionalized the food and medical supply chain and put corrupt officials in charge. What could go wrong? Earlier this month, I wrote a letter, along with my good friend A
LBIO SIRES, as well as E
LIOT ENGEL , the ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and 12 other congressional col-leagues joined Mr. S
IRES, Mr. E NGEL , and myself, urging the administration to use its voice, to use our vote, to use our influence at the United Nations Se-curity Council to demand that Ven-ezuelan authorities allow the delivery and the distribution of humanitarian aid. We were giving them what they need. Maduro would have none of it. But I applaud our U.S. Ambassador at the U.N., Nikki Haley, for orga-nizing a Security Council meeting on Venezuela last week. But more needs to be done, Mr. Speaker. As Ambas-sador Haley bravely said, Venezuela is on the edge of a humanitarian crisis, right here in our hemisphere. Humani-tarian agencies must be allowed to op-erate independently in Venezuela, without interference from the thuggish Maduro regime, and deliver the aid that the people so desperately need. The world is ready to help Venezuela. Nicolas Maduro refuses this help. Humanitarian agencies must say to Maduro, if they are hindered in any way, then those responsible must be held to account. Before I continue, Mr. Speaker, to address the Maduro re-gime’s abuse of human rights in great-er detail and how the United States can be a force for good in Venezuela, I yield to ALBIO SIRES, my good friend from New Jersey. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida. I want to com-mend her for her passion and her com-mitment to helping the people of Ven-ezuela. I thank her for making me part of this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the ongoing crisis in Venezuela. With every week that passes, we see the sit-uation in Venezuela becoming more critical. b1930 A country with the world’s largest known oil reserves is spiraling into a collapsed state where people are strug-gling just to survive. Journalists and citizens risk their lives every day to re-port what is happening inside Caracas and around the country. We see that tensions are growing, and government security forces shoot first and don’t even bother to ask questions later. Maduro continues to keep political prisoners like Leopoldo Lopez under lock and key to send a strong message to those trying to question his actions. Just yesterday, we saw reports that government buildings in western Ven-ezuela are being set ablaze. Make no mistake: It is the failed Chavismo poli-cies and the authoritarian actions of Nicolas Maduro that have brought all of this pain and suffering upon the Venezuelan people. Press reports show that of 800,000 businesses that opened during the Cha-vez regime, nearly 600,000 have shut down. Both the Obama and Trump ad-ministrations have sanctioned senior officials in the Venezuelan Government for their associations with narcotraf-ficking, money laundering, and other illicit activities. Just today, Reuters released an ex-clusive report that the Venezuelan Government is in possession of 5,000 shoulder-launched surface-to-air mis-siles that are typically used to shoot down low-flying planes and helicopters. Last week, Spanish authorities inter-dicted a shipment of 6 tons of cocaine from Venezuela en route to their shores. With the recent sanctions of Vice President Tareck El Aissami, under the Kingpin Act, it has become clear that Venezuela’s Government is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.103 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4499 May 23, 2017 
acting as a narco-state and facilitating the shipment of narcotics throughout the region. These sanctions are not against the Venezuelan people but are carefully crafted and targeted towards the individuals who are committed to destroying the lives of millions of inno-cent civilians in exchange for money and power. Last week, the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctioned members of Venezuela’s Supreme Court for their rulings that stripped power away from the National Assembly, further con-solidating Maduro’s authoritarian re-gime. Maduro and his cronies continue to get rich as they traffic money and drugs while doing nothing to help the millions of suffering people in Ven-ezuela. They continue to loot the coun-try as reports regarding the worsening situation continue to make front-page news throughout the region. Maduro’s tactics are making it impossible to sur-vive. Multiple news reports confirm a growing health crisis as people lack ac-cess to basic medicines, and infant mortality rates and preventable dis-eases such as diptheria, malaria, and the Zika virus are all on the rise. In ad-dition, nearly every day we hear of young children whose lives are cut short, whether it is from a bullet from Maduro’s thugs or the lack of access to food, water, and basic services. That is why I am grateful for the ef-forts of my colleagues here tonight who have supported several initiatives in Congress that work to hold these thugs accountable. My colleagues and I have held hearings, sent letters, and met with our allies in the region to work together to try to bring sound re-lief to the Venezuelan people. Meanwhile, instead of focusing on the economy, Maduro is staging mock military exercises and stoking fears by spreading propaganda of U.S.-led inva-sion. The truth about Maduro is clear, and the international community is start-ing to unify against him. The OAS Sec-retary General Luis Almagro has wise-ly called for Venezuela’s suspension from the OAS unless it frees its polit-ical prisoners, accepts humanitarian aid, and holds elections without delay. I believe we need to work together with our allies around the world and continue to insist Maduro abide by international norms and give the Ven-ezuelan people the freedom they de-serve. I thank my dear friend from Florida, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , and the other Members here tonight for their relent-less commitment to these important issues. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. S
IRES for such an eloquent statement on behalf of the beleaguered and embattled Venezuelan people. Before I yield so proudly to Mr. C
AS-
TRO of Texas, another member of our Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, I would like to say just a few words about the continuing human rights abuses and the deteriorating situation in Venezuela. As we have heard from Mr. SIRES, we are dealing with a corrupt dictatorship, and we are dealing with a brutal dicta-torship. At least 42 are dead and 90 ar-rested since protests began in March of 2017, you can see on this poster. This is a dictatorship that will go to all lengths to maintain its tight grip on power and silence the opposition by tear gas, by real bullets, by jailing, and by intimidation. The people of Ven-ezuela are literally dying, Mr. Speaker, on the streets from the violence of the Maduro regime. They are dying on the streets from starvation, and they are dying from the lack of medical sup-plies, yet they still risk their lives. This goes on each and every day in Venezuela. They go out into the streets. They demonstrate to the world that they will not be silenced, and what they desire is freedom, and what they desire is democracy, and what they desire is nothing less and nothing more than their God-given human rights, the very same intangibles that many in America here take for granted because we live in the greatest country in the world. We take for granted that we have our freedom. But the ideals that we proudly espouse and defend around the world are alive and well in the streets of Ven-ezuela. Venezuelans are protesting against the regime’s continual assaults on Venezuela’s constitutional and democratic order. Like Chavez before him, Nicolas Maduro has a horrific human rights record, including restrictions on free-dom of expression, restrictions on the press, widespread arbitrary detentions, extrajudicial killings, torture, and the list goes on and on. In its human rights reports on Ven-ezuela last year, our own State Depart-ment noted how the Maduro regime has misused the judiciary to undermine the National Assembly, a body overwhelm-ingly manipulated by the opposition since December of 2015. This opposition has risen to power thanks to the vote of the people. So what did Nicolas Maduro say? Well, his supreme court nullified al-most every action taken by the Na-tional Assembly, including refusing to allow lawmakers to take their seats in the legislature and overturning laws to free political prisoners and grow the economy. I am so pleased to see that we have been joined by the chairman of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-sphere, Mr. D
UNCAN , tonight. But things have only gotten worse since that time. In March, the regime controlled the Supreme Tribunal of Justice—a sad name for what it does— and ruled that it would resume the re-sponsibilities of the National Assem-bly. It said: We are the state. Who needs the National Assembly that is manipulated and controlled by the op-position? We nullify its actions. We will assume the responsibility. And although what the Tribunal said, they had to backtrack almost imme-diately because the condemnation internationally was so loud. It par-tially reversed its decision just a few days later, but the damage was already done, Mr. Speaker. Venezuelans had further proof of a break in the con-stitutional order. Anti-regime protests have been going on, as we can see here, day after day, day after day, as hundreds of thousands of Venezuelans have taken to the streets to demand relief from the Maduro repression. According to The New York Times, before these protests even began, Mr. Speaker, the Maduro regime had arrested 6,893 people, jailed 433 for political reasons just in the past few years, and there are at least 175 po-litical prisoners behind bars today, in-cluding Leopoldo Lopez and Daniel Ceballos. Joshua Holt, a United States citizen, Mr. Speaker, is being unjustly held for nearly a year. In September, I wrote a letter, joined by my colleagues here, to the State Department about Joshua’s case. Joshua Holt’s health has deterio-rated over the last month. I urged the State Department to secure his uncon-ditional release on humanitarian grounds. We all were humbled to meet with Joshua Holt’s mom, who is so anx-ious to see his release, just last month. So, Mr. Speaker, despite all of the Maduro regime’s human rights abuses, the beatings, the violence, the mur-ders, the repression, and the political prisoners, despite all of this, the Ven-ezuelan people are refusing to be si-lenced. They are rising up, and they are protesting in even greater numbers. This is just amazing. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), my good friend from the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN  and Congressman A
LBIO SIRES for their incredible work on this issue and all of their passion. I also thank the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee chairman, Congressman D
UNCAN . I know how much he has worked on the issue of Venezuela, and Latin America also. The people of Venezuela are in dire need of humanitarian assistance to en-dure critical food and medicine short-ages. The desperation, oppression, and violence in Venezuela really are reach-ing a breaking point. Three out of four Venezuelans have lost significant weight during the last year due to food shortages. In 2016, the nation suffered a homi-cide rate of 91.8 per 100,000 people, mak-ing Venezuela the second most violent country in the world outside of a war zone. We have reason to believe more than half of Venezuelans want to leave their home country. Last year, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said Colom-bia should expect an ‘‘avalanche’’ of Venezuelan refugees, an influx that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.105 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4500 May 23, 2017 
could complicate this critical time for Colombia’s own peace agreement. Meanwhile, President Maduro’s govern-ment is taking increasingly antidemo-cratic actions in violation of Ven-ezuela’s own constitution. Since Venezuela’s supreme court at-tempted to dissolve the country’s legis-lature in March, the Venezuelan people have sustained massive protests, lead-ing to a brutal crackdown from govern-ment security forces. The best outcome for this political crisis is a Venezuelan solution: a peaceful return to free and fair elections. At the same time, the United States has a responsibility to work alongside our allies at the Organization of Amer-ican States and the United Nations to hold Maduro’s government accountable and to provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Venezuela. Last week, President Trump author-ized sanctions against the members of Venezuela’s supreme court who at-tempted to shut down the legislature. While U.S. sanctions against individ-uals in the Maduro regime are justi-fied, sanctions work best when imple-mented multilaterally. More impor-tantly, unilateral actions are no sub-stitute for collective, coordinated pres-sure. The OAS has scheduled a meeting of foreign ministers on the situation in Venezuela to take place on May 31 here in Washington, D.C. This meeting pre-sents an opportunity to work with our partners and Venezuela’s neighbors to support a return to democracy and re-spect for human rights. I hope Sec-retary Tillerson will represent the United States at this meeting and dem-onstrate our Nation’s support for the Venezuelan people. One of the reasons that I chose to join the Western Hemisphere Sub-committee when I was already part of the Foreign Affairs Committee is be-cause I believe that there are many things that happen in Latin America that don’t get the attention that they deserve here in the United States. b1945 It is amazing to think that there is a human rights crisis going on right now in our own Western Hemisphere. Of course, there are many challenges around the world. We know that be-cause of the war in Syria and the un-rest in the region, Europe, over the last few years, has faced its largest migra-tion crisis since World War II. There are challenges with human rights and freedom in every continent just about. But we have to make sure that we attend to the things that are happening in our own backyard, so to speak. So I thank each of you for being here tonight to speak up on this issue of human rights in Venezuela and the cri-sis that they are going through. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, we are so pleased that Mr. C
ASTRO has, once again, joined us in this battle for human rights, for democracy, for jus-tice, for the rule of law, in our hemi-sphere. His voice is a valiant one that needs to be heard and is always present whenever the struggle for human rights is mentioned. So thank you, Mr. CASTRO , for this stance today and for the stance that you have taken on behalf of belea-guered people in our hemisphere every day. Now, Mr. S
IRES and I are so thankful that our subcommittee chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ), has joined us. As I mentioned, Mr. Speaker, Mr. S
IRES is the ranking member of that subcommittee, and Mr. D
UNCAN is the chairman of that subcommittee, a val-iant voice for freedom that must be heard. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chair-woman, former chairwoman of the full committee when I first came to Con-gress, and a real leader on foreign af-fairs issues, focused on Cuba and Ven-ezuela. She has been a real mentor to me, and I want to thank her for her work on this, giving us the opportunity to speak tonight. Again, Ranking Member S
IRES has been a champion on our subcommittee. I want to echo the words about Mr. C
ASTRO as well. We have got a great Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-sphere focusing on freedom and democ-racy in the Western Hemisphere. What we see in Venezuela is alarm-ing, as well as it is saddening, when we hear about Venezuelans who are scrounging for food in the dumpsters, eating domesticated animals, even flamingos; people who are hungry be-cause the socialistic policies of the Maduro and the previous Chavez re-gime has not worked in Venezuela. A country that has bountiful natural re-sources, more oil than Saudi Arabia, should be leading this hemisphere in economics. Yet because of the policies of the Chavez and Maduro governments, the people of Venezuela are continuing to be oppressed. This weekend, more than 2,000 Venezuelans took to the streets, marking, I think, the 50th day of pro-tests against this regime. I can’t think of any other way to describe this faux democracy in Venezuela, other than a regime. The Venezuelan people are standing up and calling for a new government. They are calling for more democracy, true democracy, representation in their own government, freedoms that we take for granted here in this coun-try, freedoms of speech, and the right to peacefully assemble, the right to participate in their government and have accountability, the right to peti-tion their government for grievances. And they have got some grievances against the Maduro regime. Yet Maduro continues to oppress the Venezuelan people. It is not unlike what we have seen in Cuba. Folks, so-cialism doesn’t work, and it is not working in Venezuela, and they are a prime example. But Maduro doesn’t want to listen to his own people in Venezuela and call for new democratic elections, where the people elect their representatives to congress and to the Presidency. But he has called for elections, and he said just recently: ‘‘‘Votes or bul-lets. What do the people want?’ Maduro asked a crowd of red-shirted supporters waving Venezuela flags at the Miraflores presidential palace.’’ Votes or bullets? Is that how we talk about the democratic process in a true democracy? I say no, and I tell the Venezuelan people, America stands with you as you approach democracy. It is time for more people in this hemisphere and the Organization of American States, all the member coun-tries, to stand with the Venezuelan people, and let’s change the govern-ment in Venezuela through peaceful means, democratic means, that their Constitution calls for. But yet, Maduro is ignoring the Con-stitution. In fact, he got the Supreme Court to go along with him to discount the National Assembly there, and, luckily, they reversed course on that because they realized the world was watching and the world was saying that is not how democracies operate. The Venezuelan people need the sup-port of the world, and I call on the world today to come to the backs, standing with, watching the backs of the Venezuelan people, because Maduro has told his snipers to get ready; told his snipers to get ready to attack the protesters that are protesting a sup-posed democrat government. Wow. So I want to thank the chairwoman. I want to thank Ambassador Nikki Haley, former Governor of South Caro-lina, who has stood strong in the U.N. as Ambassador to the U.N. for the Trump administration. I want to thank her for standing with the Venezuelan people for democratic principles. I want to thank all those in this Chamber, including my ranking mem-ber, for having stern and direct con-versations with the OAS about Ven-ezuela. I want to thank Argentina for what they have done, stepping up to the plate. These are countries that under-stand the democratic process. I want to thank Brazil for actually allowing the democratic process to work in the country of Brazil through an impeachment of their President, and allowing the democratic forces to work to return that to a representative government. It is time for America to stand with our friends about democratic principles here. Snipers? That is not how we oper-ate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.106 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4501 May 23, 2017 
THE DETERIORATING SITUATION IN VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES) for 30 minutes. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this moment to thank my col-league and my chairman of the West-ern Hemisphere Subcommittee for al-ways being present on all the impor-tant issues, human rights issues in the Western Hemisphere. And of course, I want to thank my colleague from Florida, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , for her passion and deter-mination to bring democracy to Ven-ezuela. Before I recognize my good friend from Florida, M
ARIO DIAZ-BALART , I would just like to say that Venezuela basically has taken a page out of the Castro brothers. This is how the proc-ess in Cuba started. Fifty-five years later, there is nothing but oppression, no freedom of expression, no election, and, quite frankly, there are approxi-mately about 30,000 Cubans in Ven-ezuela running the security apparatus. But I want the Venezuelan people to know that we are fighting along with them, that we are talking to all the Presidents, all the leaders in the West-ern Hemisphere, to put pressure on Venezuela to develop the democracy and stop the abuse of human rights in Venezuela. At this time, I yield to my good friend from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ), who is also a fighter for human rights and who has been always in the fore-front of human rights in the Western Hemisphere. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, let me first start by thanking the leader-ship, the steadfast, never confused leadership of Congressman A
LBIO S
IRES. He is a man who I have had the privilege of traveling with to Eastern Europe, where he is known there, as he is in the United States, for one who is always fighting for those who are re-pressed, oppressed around the world; which is why the people of Venezuela know that they can count on Congress-man A
LBIO SIRES for his leadership. Thank you, sir, for never giving up, never fighting, never forgetting those who are struggling under repression. You mentioned Congresswoman I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN . She is a giant, a giant in the Halls of Congress, a giant for not only things that obviously affect us here domestically, because she is fight-ing for those, particularly those who are the least fortunate in our society. But if there is somebody who is known internationally as a fighter for those who, again, are struggling for freedom, it is I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . I thank you also, Mr. S
IRES, for men-tioning the chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. We just heard from him, a person who, again, is on the same track of always making sure that the—he makes the United States look good by never forgetting human rights as a fundamental pillar of our foreign policy. The people of Venezuela are dem-onstrating that they are, in fact, the heirs of Simon Bolivar. They are show-ing now, with 50 days of consecutive demonstrations in the streets, that they are not willing to accept repres-sion. They are not willing to accept any more of this dictatorship; that they are not willing to accept, as Mr. SIRES mentioned, in essence, a take-over from the Cuban regime of their beautiful country of Venezuela. And they are suffering because of that activism, that bravery of hitting the streets. About almost 50 of them have been murdered since this last number of demonstrations have taken place, not to mention the dozens upon dozens of political prisoners, whether it is political leaders, mayors, et cetera, who are in prison just because they are not willing to stand by while their country has been taken over by this horrendous, narco-terrorist, murderous dictatorship. Frankly, I am here to commend the Venezuelan people and, as Mr. S
IRES said, to let them know that they are not alone, that we stand with them, that the United States Congress stands with them. But I would be remiss if I didn’t end as I started, Mr. Speaker, by thanking these individuals who have spoken al-ready: the giant of human rights in the House of Representatives, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , the chairman of the sub-committee, who never gets confused, and who is always fighting for those who are struggling to regain or gain their freedom; and yes, A
LBIO SIRES, who I have had the privilege of seeing, not only who he is recognized here in this Congress by his colleagues as a true freedom fighter for human rights, but I have been able to travel with him and see that whenever you go any-where with A
LBIO SIRES, he is also rec-ognized around the world as that cham-pion for freedom. So what a privilege to be part of and to be able to spend this time with you. Thanks to each and every one of you for not forgetting the struggle of Ven-ezuela. I know that you have done it in your committee, you have done it in your subcommittee, and this Congress is grateful, and this Member of Con-gress is grateful for your leadership. And I know that the Venezuelan peo-ple who are showing incredible bravery know, and history will record that, in their toughest moments, when they were putting their lives on the line, all of you, and this Congress, stood with them. So with that, thank you, Mr. S
IRES, for yielding to me. Mr. SIRES. Thank you, Congress-man. Thank you for all your passion and all your effort on behalf of those people who need it the most, the people in Venezuela. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to end by saying, you know, I remember years ago when Spain went through 39 years of dictatorships in the Franco era. And one of the things that happened that was able to develop democracy in Spain was the fact that all the Euro-pean countries got together and helped and assisted in developing a democracy in Spain. I think the same thing needs to happen in this region. b2000 The countries of our Venezuela have to demand that Venezuela release its political prisoners, that it has free elections, and stop the human rights abuses. After all, it is in their best in-terest that a stable Venezuela is good for a stable region. Mr. Speaker, I thank very much my colleague, ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , al-ways for her passion on this issue. She is the little giant of human rights in this Congress. I thank her and my col-league, M
ARIO DIAZ-BALART . Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 24, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1410. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, De-partment of Education, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final priorities, require-ments, definitions, and selection criteria — Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy (SRCL) Program [CFDA Number: 84.371C.] [Docket ID: ED-2015-OESE-0129] (RIN: 1810- AB25) received May 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 1411. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-011, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1412. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-043, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1413. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 15-132, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1414. A letter from the Acting Chief Execu-tive Officer, Corporation for National and Community Service, transmitting the Cor-poration’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107- 174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.108 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4502 May 23, 2017 
1415. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator For Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to List 6 For-eign Species of Elasmobranchs Under the En-dangered Species Act [Docket No.: 150909839- 7369-02] (RIN: 0648-XE184) received May 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1416. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator For Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Protected Resources, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; U.S. Navy Training Activities in the Gulf of Alaska Temporary Maritime Activities Area [Docket No.: 141125997-7365-02] (RIN: 0648-BE67) received May 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1417. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Af-fairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act Report to Congress for May 2017, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 14165b(f); Public Law 114-12, Sec. 4(f); (129 Stat. 196); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1418. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Computation of Annual Li-ability Insurance (Including Self-Insurance), No-Fault Insurance, and Workers’ Compensa-tion Settlement Recovery Threshold’’, pur-suant to 42 U.S.C. 1395y(b)(9)(D); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1862(b)(9)(D) (as added by Public Law 112-242, Sec. 202(a)(2)); (126 Stat. 2379); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 1419. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the fiscal year 2016 report of the Federal Co-ordinated Health Care Office (Medicare-Med-icaid Coordination Office), pursuant to Sec. 2602(e) of the Affordable Care Act, as revised by the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1461. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to limit the in-stances in which official time may be grant-ed for certain purposes to employees of the Department, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–146, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide access to magnetic EEG/ EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans (Rept. 115–147). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1005. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans (Rept. 115–148). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 467. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs complies with requirements relating to scheduling veterans for health care appointments, to improve the uniform application of directives of the Department, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–149, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1848. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program on the use of medical scribes in Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers (Rept. 115–151). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 352. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1973) to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur ath-letes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes; providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 1761) to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the knowing consent of the visual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sex-ually explicit conduct, and for other pur-poses; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 26, 2017, through June 5, 2017 (Rept. 115–152). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 467 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 624 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1461 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
REPORTED BILLS SEQUENTIALLY REFERRED Under clause 2 of rule XII, bills and reports were delivered to the Clerk for printing, and bills referred as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 624. A bill to restrict the inclusion of social security ac-count numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–50, Pt. 1); referred to the Committee on Ways and Means for a period ending not later than May 23, 2017, for consideration of such provi-sions of the bill and amendment as fall with-in the jurisdiction of that committee pursu-ant to clause 1(t) of rule X. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 2593. A bill to authorize appropria-tions for the Federal Maritime Commission for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, and Mr. K
NIGHT ): H.R. 2594. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide interim partial payment to small business contractors that request an equitable adjustment due to a change in the terms of a construction contract, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself and Mr. W
OODALL ): H.R. 2595. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may elect to have the United States Postal Service use the Hold for Pick-up service or the Signature Confirmation service in delivering the document, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 2596. A bill to designate the Castner Range in the State of Texas, to establish the Castner Range National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. C LARKE  of New York): H.R. 2597. A bill to extend temporary pro-tected status for certain nationals of Libe-ria, Sierra Leone, and Guinea until Novem-ber 21, 2018; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 2598. A bill to provide family members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others new tools to pre-vent gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 2599. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to refine how Medicare pays for orthotics and prosthetics and to im-prove beneficiary experience and outcomes with orthotic and prosthetic care, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23MY7.000 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4503 May 23, 2017 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 2600. A bill to provide for the convey-ance to the State of Iowa of the reversionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUNN (for himself, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. B OST, Mr. B ACON , Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. A
RRINGTON ): H.R. 2601. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve the access of veterans to organ transplants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 2602. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to include training for certain employees of air carriers to combat human trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , and Mr. H UNTER ): H.R. 2603. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to provide that nonnative species in the United States shall not be treated as endangered species or threatened species for purposes of that Act; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for him-self, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 2604. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the procedure to designate a foreign state, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G OWDY , and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE): H.R. 2605. A bill to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to im-prove protections for restricted areas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COLE (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. L
UCAS , and Mr. R USSELL ): H.R. 2606. A bill to amend the Act of Au-gust 4, 1947, (commonly known as the Stigler Act) with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 2607. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to authorize grants for frequent and chronic coastal flooding mitigation and adaptation infrastructure projects; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. G OTTHEIMER ): H.R. 2608. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, with respect to apportionments to States for certain highway programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 2609. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Army to revise certain authorized pur-poses described in the Missouri River Mainstem Reservoir System Master Water Control Manual; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 2610. A bill to require reimbursement from certain public officials whose travel re-sults in unusual costs relating to protection of those officials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia): H.R. 2611. A bill to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School Na-tional Historic Site, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 2612. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, encourage the placement of re-leased Federal prisoners in residential re- entry centers near their homes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 2613. A bill to restore employment and educational opportunities in, and improve the economic stability of, counties con-taining National Forest System land, while also reducing Forest Service management costs, by ensuring that such counties have a dependable source of revenue from timber sales conducted on National Forest System land, to reduce payments under the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 to reflect such counties’ receipt of timber sale revenues, to strength-en stewardship end result contracting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 2614. A bill to direct the Attorney General to establish metrics and standards to determine the effectiveness in the pro-grams of the Department of Justice in com-bating gangs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 2615. A bill to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself and Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ): H.R. 2616. A bill to provide for statutes of limitations for certain civil actions under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. B EYER , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H. Con. Res. 60. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the September 11th National Memo-rial Trail as an important trail and green-way to be enjoyed by all in honor of the he-roes of September 11th; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. I SSA, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of New Jer-sey, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. D ENT, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. S
IRES, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. S
CHNEIDER ): H. Res. 351. A resolution condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 2593. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 2594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 2595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 2596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 2597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution of the United States, which states that Congress shall have the power to ‘‘es-tablish a uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 2598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate commerce, as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and includ-ing, but not solely limited to Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 14. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 2600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 2601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23MY7.100 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4504 May 23, 2017 
The Constitutional Authority on which this Bill rests is the power of Congress to make all law which are nessescary and prop-er pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 2602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment XIII Section 1, ‘‘Neither slavery nor involun-tary servitude, except as punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdic-tion.’’ Section 2, ‘‘Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legisla-tion.’’ By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 2603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 2604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 2605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COLE: H.R. 2606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8 which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with the Indian Tribes. This bill is enacted pursuant to Article II, Section 2, Clause 2 in order the enforce trea-ties made between the United States and several Indian Tribes. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 2607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 2608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 2609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes’’ The management of the Missouri river by the Army Corps of Engineers directly im-pacts commerce. The river is a source of barge traffic carrying a variety of goods. By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 2610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Article I Section 8 By Mr. HILL: H.R. 2611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 2612. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 2613. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 2614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 2615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Sec. 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States.) By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 2616. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 12; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 14; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 16; f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 10: Mrs. L OVE, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. M OON-
EYof West Virginia, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. E MMER , and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 36: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 37: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 179: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 242: Mr. S
HERMAN and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 350: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 390: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 411: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 468: Mr. R
OUZER and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 490: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 519: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 535: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 564: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 592: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. S OTO, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 624: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 649: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 671: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 676: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 681: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 712: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 738: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 747: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
OST, and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 750: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 757: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 770: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 799: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H URD, and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 807: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. B OST. H.R. 821: Mr. T
AKANO and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 849: Mr. LYNCH , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. H OLDING , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 943: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 1006: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1017: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. R EICHERT , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B
UCHANAN , and Mr. K INZINGER . H.R. 1057: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. G IBBS, and Ms. F
OXX. H.R. 1098: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1104: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1144: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1155: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1164: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ACON , and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1167: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1173: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1203: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 1222: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1226: Mr. L
EVIN and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 1245: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1270: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 1289: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 1314: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 1315: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1316: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, and Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 1358: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1361: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1406: Mr. Y
ODER and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1422: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1429: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1447: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1456: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 1562: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1566: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1584: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1587: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1614: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1624: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1626: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1661: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1684: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 1697: Mr. G
AETZ , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi- ana, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 1711: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1727: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1730: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 1731: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 1733: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 1784: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. B
EATTY , and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1811: Mr. B
ERGMAN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1820: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1840: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1853: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1854: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 1895: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 1904: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 1909: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1911: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1974: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1989: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. Y
OHO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.043 H23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4505 May 23, 2017 
H.R. 1993: Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 1997: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2013: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2029: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2045: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 2052: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 2079: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2083: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2134: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 2147: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2150: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2164: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2181: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 2215: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2240: Mr. B
OST, Mr. R EED, Mr. C RIST, and Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 2272: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2285: Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 2299: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 2327: Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi- gan, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 2331: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2335: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2340: Ms. M
CSALLY and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 2353: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2358: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 2360: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida. H.R. 2372: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. A
LLEN , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 2392: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2413: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2414: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. C LAY, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2472: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2473: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2482: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2491: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 2498: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 2500: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 2509: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2512: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2515: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2519: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2527: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2532: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2545: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 2547: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 2556: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2561: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 2581: Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-lina. H.R. 2583: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2586: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2587: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.J. Res. 51: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. K INZINGER , Ms. G
RANGER , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. H
OYER . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. F
LORES . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. G ALLA -
GHER , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. B YRNE . H. Con. Res. 55: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 15: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 30: Ms. P
LASKETT . H. Res. 31: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. K
ILMER , and Ms. T SONGAS . H. Res. 188: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 201: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 218: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H. Res. 220: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mr. C LAY. H. Res. 239: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Ms. G
ABBARD . H. Res. 259: Mr. GARRETT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H
ILL, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. G ALLAGHER , and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H. Res. 276: Mr. Z
ELDIN , H. Res. 285: Mr. T
URNER . H. Res. 314: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C RIST, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H. Res. 330: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 336: Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . H. Res. 346: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment offered by Representative S
HEILA JACKSON LEEor a designee, to H.R. 1761 does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits, as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Chairman G
OODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 1973, the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.J. Res. 13: Mr. B LUM. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.038 H23MYPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3075 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 2017 No. 89 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the fountain of every blessing, we praise You for Your loving kindness and tender mercies. We are astounded by Your wonderful works to the children of humanity. Lord, we are incomplete without You. Fill our thirst for the knowledge of the sacred with Your Divine wisdom. Today, inspire our lawmakers to do Your will. May they bring love where there is hate, light where there is dark-ness, and hope where there is despair. Lord, use them to transform dark yes-terdays into bright tomorrows and to bring harmony from disharmony. May they rejoice because of the blessing of sins forgiven, striving to glorify You in all they do. And Lord, stay close to those af-fected by the bombing in Manchester, England. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MANCHESTER ATTACK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, be-fore I say anything else this morning, I want to say this: What we saw in Man-chester last night almost defies de-scription. It was, in the words of Prime Minister May, a ‘‘callous terror at-tack’’ that stood out ‘‘for its appalling, sickening cowardice, deliberately tar-geting innocent, defenseless children and young people, who should have been enjoying one of the most memo-rable nights of their lives.’’ Although we will continue to learn more about what happened, this much is very clear: Many have died, many more have been injured, and, as the Prime Minister told us, many of them were children. It is hard to imagine the pain the families of these victims must be feeling today. On behalf of the Sen-ate and our country, let me express our heartfelt condolences to the victims, their families, and to the British peo-ple, who have been our friends and al-lies through many challenges. The Senate also recognizes the many first responders, medical professionals, and citizens who stepped in to provide help. As I speak, I know that the intel-ligence professionals from both of our countries are already working to dis-cover whether this was the result of an individual attacker or directed by ISIL. In either case, the people of America will stand with our allies and provide any assistance we possibly can. f 
THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET AND TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as colleagues know, it is once again the time of the year when Congress gets to work putting together the next budget. One of the initial steps in the process is typically for the President to send up a blueprint of his own laying out his pri-orities, as Members continue to work through conversations here as well. The President’s budget is being re-leased this morning, and here are a few things we should know about it al-ready: It builds on the progress made earlier this month on defense, prioritizing more of the resources our servicemembers need. It builds on progress made earlier this month on border security, calling for investing in more of the infrastructure and tech-nology our law enforcement officers ac-tually need. And, unlike any of Presi-dent Obama’s budget blueprints, this one actually achieves balance. The provisions I mentioned are en-couraging to see. I am sure they will serve as guideposts for Chairman ENZI and the Budget Committee as they move forward on this matter. I also appreciate the President’s com-mitment to slowing the growth of man-datory spending, which, if left unaddressed, could eventually limit our ability to invest in nearly anything else as the debt—and the interest we have to pay on it—increases and crowds out spending on other major priorities. This Thursday, Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will testify in front of the Fi-nance Committee on the budget blue-print and, with it, the administration’s interest in tax reform. I know we are all eager to learn more from him and look forward to working with the ad-ministration to make our Tax Code simpler and fairer for the American people and American businesses. Over the years, our tax system has grown only more complex and more pu-nitive, putting both individuals and employers at a disadvantage, while also inadvertently incentivizing Amer-ican companies and jobs to leave this country to go overseas. It is evident that we need serious reforms to our Tax Code, the type that will help fami-lies keep more of their hard-earned money, while also helping businesses put more Americans to work. By implementing tax reform, we can again encourage investment in our country, allowing American businesses to expand, hire more workers, improve wages, and offer better benefits. In turn, families will have access to more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.000 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3076 May 23, 2017 
opportunities and will be better posi-tioned to actually get ahead. It has been over three decades since we passed comprehensive tax reform, and it is past time we do something about it. Fortunately, we now have an administration that shares this inter-est in finally improving our tax system instead of making it even more con-voluted and constricting—and without demanding $1 trillion in new taxes for the government. Easing the burden on the middle class and getting the economy moving again are top concerns here in the Re-publican Senate. We understand that for the past 8 years, too many families struggled under the weight of an econ-omy that failed to reach its potential, too many took home wages that didn’t meet their needs, and too many saw op-portunity slip away. We understand that these families deserve a change in direction and expect each of us to do what we can to get the economy mov-ing again soon. That is why we passed legislation to provide relief from Obama-era regulations that stifle growth, and it is why we will keep working to advance more legislative solutions to help hard-working Ameri-cans. Tax reform is one way we can do just that. This is an area where Republicans and Democrats have been able to find some common ground in the past, and I am hopeful our friends across the aisle will join us in working toward comprehensive tax reform one more time. Either way, the Republican Sen-ate remains committed to enacting tax reform so we can help encourage Amer-ican investment, boost job creation, and promote wage growth all across our country. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Sullivan nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of John J. Sul-livan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Sec-retary of State. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 54, Courtney Elwood to be General Counsel of the CIA. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. Mitch McConnell, John Barrasso, Mike Crapo, Jerry Moran, Michael B. Enzi, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Roger F. Wicker, Pat Roberts, Shelley Moore Capito, Thom Tillis, Orrin G. Hatch, Marco Rubio, John Boozman, John Cornyn, John Hoeven, James E. Risch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume consideration of the Sul-livan nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally to the two sides. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
MANCHESTER ATTACK  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, the Senate’s thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Manchester, Eng-land. Such violence is particularly heartbreaking when it happens, as it did in Manchester, at a concert with so many young people there to enjoy. We mourn the families of the victims of last night’s terrorist attack. We hope the perpetrators are quickly found and brought to justice. I saw on TV a mother waiting, trying to email and text her daughter. She got no an-swer. She was wondering where her daughter was. It brought back the hor-rible memories for me after 9/11, the day after, when I went up there and saw hundreds of people holding up signs: ‘‘Have you seen my wife Eve-lyn?’’ ‘‘Have you seen my son John,’’ not knowing if they were alive or dead. Most of them ended up being dead. We hope and pray that mother, and all the other mothers, fathers, broth-ers, and sisters who are waiting for news that maybe their child, their rel-ative, is alive, will find them alive. Our prayers go out to them. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. President, now, on another mat-ter completely, last night, it was re-ported in the Washington Post that President Trump attempted to enlist the Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, and the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency, Admiral Rog-ers, in helping the administration push back against reports in the press about an investigation into the President’s campaign and its potential ties to Rus-sia. According to the same reporting, White House staff may also have ‘‘sounded out top intelligence officials about the possibility of intervening di-rectly’’ with the FBI and Mr. Comey to get them to drop the investigation into General Flynn. If these reports are accurate, it is an-other piece of now-mounting evidence that this White House has no interest— no interest—in allowing the Russia in-vestigation to proceed without par-tisan interference, and the White House seems to have little respect for the principles of the rule of law. We have not quite seen anything like it in a very long time. Such allegations only reinforce the correctness of the decision to appoint Special Counsel Mueller to oversee the investigation and should strengthen our resolve to ensure that he is insu-lated from interference from this White House. Such allegations also strengthen, again, the need for an inde-pendent, nonpartisan FBI Director. With all these reports of attempts to interfere with the investigation, we cannot have an FBI Director who has a political background, who doesn’t seem right down the middle, who doesn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.001 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3077 May 23, 2017 
seem to be a Director’s Director, a prosecutor’s prosecutor, an investiga-tor’s investigator. No politician or can-didate with insufficient impartiality should be selected by the President or confirmed by the Senate. We Demo-crats will stand very strongly for that. Given the almost daily reports about potential meddling and misconduct by this administration, Congress must ex-ercise its oversight authority in order to keep this administration in check. Both the executive branch and the con-gressional investigations must proceed. This is not about politics or political advantage. When a foreign power, par-ticularly an enemy of our country like Putin and Russia, tries to interfere in your elections—and will probably do it again in the future—we have to know everything that happened, who partici-pated, and make sure it doesn’t happen again. If people who participated in it—if there are such people—get away with it this time, many more will do it next time. So this is an issue of national in-terest, national security, and even the future of our democracy. I remind col-leagues that in our Constitution, the Founding Fathers worried about for-eign interference in our government. When I read that in high school and again in college, I said: Well, that doesn’t seem real. It is all too real today, showing both the wisdom of the Founding Fathers and the need for strong oversight. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET  
Mr. President, now, on the budget, today, the President will release his full budget for fiscal year 2018. From all indications, the Trump budget will seek deep cuts to programs that help the middle class and working America while providing more handouts to the rich. It will cut to the bone programs that help the elderly, the poor, while adding money for an unnecessary, inef-fective border wall that continues to have bipartisan opposition. To make all the math work, the Trump budget makes entirely un-founded assumptions about economic growth. In short, the Trump budget takes a sledgehammer to the middle class and the working poor, lavishes tax breaks on the wealthy, and imag-ines all of the deficit problems away with fantasy math. The Trump budget exists somewhere over the rainbow, where the dreams of Nick Mulvaney, P
AUL RYAN, and the Koch brothers really do come true. Of course, these dreams are a night-mare for the average working Amer-ican. We expect the Trump budget will make deep cuts to the National Insti-tutes of Health and Centers for Disease Control. Let me ask, How many people in America want to cut cancer research when it has done such good? Well, President Trump evidently does. It is his budget. They kneecap research that develops new cures, damaging our ability to contain or prevent the outbreak of dis-ease. We are all living longer and healthier, in part because of this re-search. We want to stop it, cut it back, so we can give tax breaks to wealthy people who, God bless them, are doing great already? We expect the Trump budget will gash programs like Meals on Wheels. I even read in the paper this morning that the head of the Freedom Caucus said that even for him some of these cuts were too great. The SNAP bene-fits, making sure no kid goes to bed hungry in America—this is America. We have always done this. The Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, cru-elly ripping away the lifelines from Americans who need it the most, the children, the working poor, the elderly. We expect the Trump budget will cut transportation funding, education funding, and programs that help stu-dents repay their student loan debt. One of the great problems in America, the debt on the backs—the burden on average kids getting out of college, middle-class kids, we are going to make it harder? What is going on here? What is going on in the White House with this kind of budget? Our college kids, when they get out, they need to be able to live real good lives and not have this burden of debt on their shoulders which they are struggling under now. We are going to make it worse. We also—it is amazing but true. The Trump budget will break President Trump’s promise to protect Social Security and Medicaid from cuts, both of these. He promised over and over again he would not cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Medicare was not cut here, but Med-icaid is and Social Security is. On So-cial Security, the budget will cut So-cial Security disability benefits to many Americans who have earned them and paid for those benefits. You can say: Well, it doesn’t cut old-age benefits for the elderly. Wait. If they get away with this, the elderly will be next on the chopping block because the goal, it seems, of this budget is to cut everything you can so you can give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest people—the Koch brothers type of thinking. It will also seek hundreds of billions of dollars—additional cuts—in Med-icaid. The budget cuts Medicaid on top of the cuts that were made in the House bill for TrumpCare. What will that do? Medicaid has become a mid-dle-class program. For sixty percent of the people in nursing homes, Medicaid funds it. What are we going to tell a couple with three kids? Say, they are 40 or 45. They have three kids. They are saving for college, they are struggling, but at least they know that mom or dad, who needs help, is in a nursing home. If this budget passes, that family is going to have a terrible choice: Take hundreds of dollars a month out of their own budget and give it to pay for the nurs-ing home or find a place for mom and dad to live, maybe at home. Maybe there is no room in the house. It is awful. That is what they are doing. What else will it hurt? Opioid addic-tion. Much of the progress we are try-ing to make on opioid addiction comes through Medicaid because they give treatment. We need law enforcement— I am a tough law enforcement guy; you know that—but we also need treat-ment. I have had fathers cry in my arms because their sons—in this case, it was both sons—were waiting online for treatment and died of an overdose. What a burden a parent has to live with. We should cut that and cut it to give more tax breaks to the rich? It is an America turned upside down—this budget. How about rural areas? I represent New York State. It is known for its big city, New York City. We have other great cities upstate, but we also have the third largest rural population in America. So I am very familiar with rural America. In many of my counties in upstate New York—and this is true in rural counties throughout Amer-ica—the largest employer is the rural hospital. That hospital is the only hos-pital around for miles and miles and miles if, God forbid, you have a stroke and you have to be rushed there to get better. Well, go talk to our rural hospitals. These rural hospitals are the beating heart of our local economy, employing hundreds, sometimes even thousands, of people. Well, nearly one in three rural hospitals today is at risk of clo-sure. It is more expensive to run a rural hospital. People in rural areas are entitled to the same healthcare, so that means buying all these fancy ma-chines. In an urban area, those ma-chines can run 24/7 and get the reim-bursement back, but in a rural area they can’t. There are not that many people, but they get some help. The Trump cuts to Medicaid would cause a whole bunch of these rural hos-pitals to close and many more to lay off employees, hurting healthcare in rural America, and hurting jobs in rural America—places that need help. The Trump budget on top of TrumpCare, which seeks more than $800 billion in cuts to Medicaid, would decimate healthcare options for rural Americans and pull the plug on many of these rural hospitals. Some of my colleagues will be talking more about that this morning. When you add all of it up, the Trump budget is comic-book-villain bad. Just like comic books, it relies on a fantasy to make all the numbers work. It is the kind of budget you might expect from someone who is openly rooting for a government shutdown. Haven’t we heard the President say that? It is the latest example of the President break-ing his promises to working Ameri-cans. This budget breaks promise after promise after promise that the Presi-dent made to what he called the forgot-ten America, the working men and women of America. He said that he would help them, and this budget goes directly against them. In his speech to Congress, for in-stance, earlier this year the President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.004 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3078 May 23, 2017 
called education ‘‘the civil rights issue of our time,’’ but his budget guts vital school programs, our future, our kids. He said: ‘‘Cures to illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope,’’ but his budget slashes funding at the NIH and CDC where they do this research. And he said: ‘‘Save Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it,’’ but his budget cuts Social Security disability insur-ance and ends Medicaid as we know it. The Trump budget is one giant, bra-zen, broken promise to the working men and women of America. It com-pletely abandons them. Fundamen-tally, this is a deeply unserious pro-posal that should roundly be rejected by both parties here in Congress. I am optimistic that is what will happen. We should follow the same blueprint we did in the 2017 budget: Both Demo-crats and Republicans, House and Sen-ate, in a bipartisan way, everyone com-promised. We should get together, ne-gotiate a serious proposal that main-tains our commitments to the middle class and actually sets up our economy to grow. We cannot let the President turn America inside out with his budget. We have to stand together, Democrats and Republicans, and reject it for the sake of middle-class and working Ameri-cans. The Trump budget hopefully will not see the light of day. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-publican whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it was quite edifying to be sitting here listen-ing to the Democratic leader speak this morning during the morning remarks, expressing his concern for healthcare, rural hospitals, and talking about his concerns about delivering healthcare to the poor. It is indeed ironic because at a time when ObamaCare, the Afford-able Care Act, is literally in meltdown with unaffordable premiums and deductibles, we are not seeing any help whatsoever from our Democratic col-leagues. I would suggest, rather than rail against the President’s budget, they ought to be engaged in a more constructive process of working with us to make sure we can deliver on the promise of affordable healthcare to all Americans. Of course, there is the matter of the President’s budget itself. I remember that President Obama’s last budget got voted on here in the U.S. Senate. It got one vote—one vote. A President’s budg-et is not binding on the Congress. The Congress passes a budget resolution, both houses, and we anticipate doing that again. The President’s budget is really a statement of the President’s priorities. Frankly, there are some things in the President’s proposed budget that I think are worthwhile—things like se-curing our border. At the end of the day, it is the job of Congress, though, to pass a budget that reflects the prior-ities of our country. I think it is worth pointing out that several aspects of the President’s budg-et are encouraging and a welcome change from the previous administra-tion. For one, it balances in 10 years. I would love to have our Democratic col-leagues express some concern for the fact that we continue to spend money we don’t have and impose the burden of repaying that money someday on fu-ture generations. To me, that is one of the most immoral things we do in this country; we spend the money today, and we leave the debt to our children and grandchildren to pay that back, which they must at some point. So when the President proposes a budget that actually balances in 10 years, I think that is a good thing. What a wel-come relief from a White House budget anchored around overspending and growing the size of government, which we have seen for the last 8 years. The other thing the President’s budg-et does is reverse the defense sequester. This is the artificial cap we put on de-fense spending. Of all the things the Federal Govern-ment does, national security is the No. 1 job. You can’t outsource that to any-one. It is our No. 1 responsibility to keep the country safe and to keep America strong. Under the Obama ad-ministration, there was a cap put in place that prevented increased mili-tary spending, and indeed we saw cuts to the military of about 20 percent dur-ing the Obama years. One thing that President Trump has done, which I find a welcome sign, is to properly resource our military so we can better defend against increasing threats around the world. It is simply irresponsible for us to allow our men and women in the military to operate on slashed budgets and outdated equip-ment. They can’t even train and be ready for the next fight. The best de-terrent to war and the best assurance of peace is a strong America. The President’s budget reflects a better un-derstanding of the threat environment ahead, and for that I am grateful. So rather than railing against the President’s budget, which he knows will not be passed into law—because no President’s budget ever becomes law; it is a proposal of the President’s prior-ities. As I said, there is much to like among the President’s priorities—bal-ancing the budget, emphasizing na-tional security spending, and the like. Ultimately, we will have to come up with a budget ourselves. So I find the Democratic leader’s railing against the President’s budget, which he knows will not become law as written, some-what ironic. 
BORDER SECURITY  
Mr. President, on another matter, I have the privilege of serving as the chairman of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Border Security and Im-migration. It is a role I take seriously in light of the many challenges our Na-tion faces when it comes to security and trade along our southern border. The Texas-Mexico border makes up more than 60 percent of the total U.S. southern border. That means Texas is at the epicenter of the national secu-rity conversation when it comes to bor-der security and protecting commu-nities that thrive on cross-border trade, not to mention the U.S. econ-omy that reaps 5 million jobs as a re-sult of binational trade with Mexico alone. Later today, the subcommittee will have a chance to examine this impor-tant topic and consider ways that Con-gress can help the Trump administra-tion make America safer and our bor-ders stronger. In particular, I look for-ward to hearing from Chief Ron Vitiello, who is currently Acting Dep-uty Commissioner for Customs and Border Protection. He actually is the head Border Patrol agent for the Fed-eral Government, a man who has spent many years on the frontlines and knows from experience the challenges that exist in securing the border. Customs and Border Protection agents and officers face a range of chal-lenges every day, working in some of the most inhospitable environments and remote locations, often without adequate resources or equipment. They work tirelessly to combat drug traf-ficking, arms smuggling, illegal immi-gration, and human trafficking, while simultaneously working to facilitate legitimate trade and travel between Mexico and the United States. I spoke a little bit about this yester-day in light of NAFTA’s importance to the Texas and U.S. economy. Texas is a first port of entry for many goods and many people coming from all over the world, and it takes a solid team of Cus-toms and Border Patrol professionals and good leadership to manage the bor-der and the many ports of entry along it. I am grateful to Chief Vitiello for his hard work and look forward to his testimony this afternoon. This administration has made clear that securing the border is a top pri-ority, and I agree with that. I am con-fident that with topnotch leaders like Secretary Kelly of the Department of Homeland Security and Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions, we will finally make real progress toward getting it done. The appropriations bill that was re-cently signed into law included the largest increase for border security technologies and infrastructure im-provement in more than a decade. For-tunately, the President’s budget sup-ports increased investment in border security and immigration enforcement, as well, including new infrastructure and technologies to help us achieve operational control of the southern border. This focus on border security is a welcome change from the previous administration, and I am glad we now have leaders who will take the need to achieve true border security seriously. I have always said that border secu-rity ultimately is a matter of political will. The Obama administration didn’t have it; the Trump administration does. With the political will and with the guidance of experts like Chief Vitiello and others who tell us exactly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.005 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3079 May 23, 2017 
what the Border Patrol needs in order to secure the border, I am confident of our ability to get it done. I will just relate the conversation I had with the Chief of the Rio Grande Border Patrol sector, Chief Manny Padilla. Chief Padilla long served in the Border Patrol in many different places along the border. Of course, the border is very different in San Diego than it is in the Rio Grande Valley of Texas. For one thing, Texas has virtually all private prop-erty along the border and, of course, is separated by the Rio Grande River from Mexico. What Chief Padilla has said to me, which I believe is absolutely the case, is that it takes three different things to secure the border. It takes infra-structure. You can call it fencing, like the Secure Fence Act that we passed a few years ago that almost all of our Democratic colleagues voted for. It takes things like levy walls, which we have in Hidalgo County and the Rio Grande Valley. But it also takes tech-nology and personnel because we know that no piece of infrastructure alone is going to provide the security we need. But fundamentally we need to regain the people’s trust and confidence that the Federal Government will carry out its primary responsibility to protect our citizens and defend our borders. Border security is complex. It is multifaceted and requires an approach that includes air, sea, and land. That is why we need a multilayered approach to border security that includes infra-structure, like the President talks about frequently when he talks about the wall. It takes technology, and it takes the men and women in the Bor-der Patrol who do the dangerous but important work of keeping our border secure and keeping our country safe. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, shortly we will be voting on cloture on the nomination of John Sullivan, the nominee to be Deputy Secretary of State, and as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, I urge my colleagues to support the cloture motion and support the nomination of John Sullivan to be the next Deputy Secretary of State. 
MANCHESTER ATTACK  
Before I begin, I want to express that I strongly condemn yesterday’s heart-breaking attack in Manchester. I want to express my sincere condolences to the families of those who lost loved ones, especially the innocent and de-fenseless children who were brutally killed. As a father and grandfather, I mourn with them, and I am praying for the recovery of the injured. The United States stands in firm sol-idarity with our friends in the United Kingdom. The United States will pro-vide the necessary assistance as British authorities work to bring those respon-sible to justice. I know I speak for all my colleagues in the Senate in our sol-idarity with our friends in the United Kingdom. Mr. President, in regard to Mr. Sulli-van’s nomination to be Deputy Sec-retary of State, he is well qualified for that position. He served in the Justice Department and in the private practice of law. He served as Deputy General Counsel at the Department of Defense. He also has been involved in the De-partment of Commerce, where he was General Counsel and Deputy Secretary. He is well familiar with government. He served in public positions and also brings private experience as a lawyer to the position of Deputy Secretary of State. I do want to point out—as I pointed out to Mr. Sullivan and as most mem-bers of our committee did—that he will find himself home alone for a period of time, in that the Trump administra-tion has not submitted to Congress nominees for important positions at the Department of State. Yes, I have confidence in the career people at the Department of State, but there are times that we have to have a confirmed person in control in order to advance policies. So it is important—from em-bassy security, to fighting terrorism, to helping with the humanitarian chal-lenges we have around the world and the administration of our missions in all the countries around the world— that we have a team in place. The Trump administration has been slow in providing us with qualified individuals to fill these positions. Thus far, the ad-ministration has decided to treat the State Department as an inconvenience rather than as a critical national secu-rity asset. Secondly, I want to express my con-cern about something that will make Mr. Sullivan’s job a lot more difficult— the international affairs budget for fis-cal year 2018 that the administration is unveiling today. Although we are still receiving details, as I look at the mas-sive spending cuts to vital national se-curity, it is impossible to conclude this is anything but an ‘‘America alone’’ budget—one that, if enacted, will have disastrous effects on our standing in the world. Let me repeat one more time that the money we spend on development assistance, on diplomacy, and that we spend in regard to helping our allies around the world and countries around the world is part of our national secu-rity budget. It is part of our national security budget, and yet the Presi-dent’s fiscal year 2018 budget would compromise national security. As Secretary Mattis has said—often quoted on this floor—if you don’t give the Secretary of State and the State Department the resources they need, you better be prepared to give them more ammunition and more soldiers because it is going to be more costly for them to defend. It is very disappointing that the budget slashes critical support to our allies in their efforts to defeat ter-rorism, including zeroing out counter-insurgency support in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Pakistan. It will slash funds to support the defense needs of count-less foreign partner countries and offer them the unpalatable option of going into debt to the United States to get the defense equipment and support they need. This is certain to damage our security, counterterrorism, and se-curity interests with these countries and prove a golden opportunity for Russia and China to take the place of the United States. This is serious busi-ness. If we don’t help countries that are part of our coalition against ter-rorism, if we don’t give them the re-sources to help us, then, quite clearly, our enemies will move in. As we know, Russia has done many things against U.S. interests. The voids will be quick-ly picked up by Russia and China. This is a budget proposal that cuts support to European allies to counter Russia’s aggression—precisely when Russia’s assault on our democracy and the democracies of our European de-mocracies has reached a fever pitch. At a time when the United States should be standing up for our allies and part-ners in Europe, this budget zeros out the Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia—AEECA—account and eliminates the European Reassurance Initiative altogether. This was an ini-tiative that was set up to counter Rus-sia’s influence in Europe, and we are going to zero that out? This is a budget proposal that walks away from the promotion of demo-cratic values. It slashes funding for human rights and democracy programs abroad and hollows out the ideas, ini-tiatives, and institutions on which U.S. leadership and international order rests, like the United Nations Peace-keeping. In his remarks in Saudi Arabia this past weekend, President Trump ap-plauded Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon for their role in hosting refugees. Yet draconian humanitarian funding cuts would harm these very friends and al-lies who are hosting millions of refu-gees. What an inconsistent message. It also eliminates the U.N. emergency food aid program at a time of famine in Africa and the Middle East. If these budget cuts are implemented, many people around the world will die as a result of diminished resources and sup-port that would result. We can’t let that happen. It is a budget proposal that under-mines our ability to deal with pressing national security challenges, including development assistance, humanitarian aid, and climate change. The adminis-tration’s budget proposal slashes more than 30 percent from our foreign assist-ance budget and dramatically cuts sup-port for critical programs to save the lives of mothers in childbirth, feed hungry children, educate young people, train farmers, and the like. These pro-grams exemplify U.S. values and pro-mote the power of democracy and the importance of protecting human rights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.007 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3080 May 23, 2017 
America’s trademark is its values, what we stand for, our leadership glob-ally, and this budget would com-promise our ability to promote Amer-ican values. This is a penny wise, pound foolish budget, as the security challenges that will grow from these humanitarian ca-tastrophes will dwarf the cost of help-ing to address the challenges before they metastasize into failed states and havens for extremism. If we don’t help, we will have to pay on the other end. When we fail to help countries pro-vide the stability they need to take care of their population, they become a breeding ground for terrorists. We then have to respond with the use of our military, and it is much more costly. It costs people their lives. Climate change—perhaps the most pressing national security challenge that faces the globe in the 21st cen-tury—receives less than just neglect; this is a budget that actively provides a catastrophic effect on climate-in-duced instability. We will not be able to respond to our international obliga-tions in regard to climate change. I understand that for Mr. Sullivan, if confirmed, this is the budget proposal he has to accept and defend; however, both he and Secretary Tillerson should be put on notice that I—and I think I speak for a number of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle—consider this budget dead on arrival. I would call on him to consider how, if confirmed, he will work with the Senate to develop a more serious budget proposal over the coming months that safeguards and promotes American interests in the world, that deepens our partnerships and alliances, that is sufficient to meet the challenges of an increasingly ag-gressive Russia and increasingly asser-tive China on the world stage, that pro-vides our Nation the tools it needs to address the pressing humanitarian cri-ses and challenges, and that supports and defends our universal values in the best tradition of our Nation. That is what we need to do as a Con-gress. We are the ones who will pass the budget. We are the ones who have the responsibility to make sure our budget speaks to our priorities, our values, and our national interests. Yet it is very disappointing to see the President of the United States submit a budget that is just the opposite of what it should be in regard to putting money toward American values and na-tional security. We will be looking upon Mr. Sullivan, if he is confirmed, to work with us so we can develop a budget that really speaks to American values and American interests. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State. Mitch McConnell, Cory Gardner, Tom Cotton, Roy Blunt, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Ron Johnson, James E. Risch, Joni Ernst, John Thune, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, Bob Corker, David Perdue, John Hoeven, James M. Inhofe. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 93, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 134 Ex.] YEAS—93 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Booker Duckworth Gillibrand Harris Sanders Warren 
NOT VOTING—1 
Isakson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 93, the nays are 6. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Utah. THE INTERNET  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the Federal Communication Commission’s welcome proposal to end utility-style regulation of the internet by reversing the 2015 open internet order. Anyone who has followed the hyper-bolic debate about net neutrality has likely heard that the FCC is moving to squelch competition, limit consumer choice, raise prices, and perhaps even destroy the internet. That is my favor-ite one. At least that is what some ac-tivists and crusading late-night come-dians claim. But none of this is true— none of it. Rather, the FCC is reviewing the light-touch regulatory environment that, from the outset, facilitated the kind of innovation that produced the internet and expanded internet access to millions of Americans over the course of many years. In order to understand this com-plicated issue, we need to be honest about what led us to where we are today; that is, the FCC’s 2015 open internet order. The Obama-era FCC claimed that its order implemented net neutrality, or the equal treatment of all data over the internet, but that isn’t quite right. The actual change was far broader than that. The FCC reclassified broadband internet access service as a title II telecommunication service, instead of a title I information service. That might sound like a small change, but this soundingly small—some might even say soundingly innocuous— change applied a whole host of New Deal era regulations that were meant to apply to monopolistic telephone companies, monopolistic utility com-panies, and they applied those to the internet. It subjected 21st century technology to the same rules that governed rotary telephones in the 1930s. Why, then, did the FCC do this? It wasn’t because a free and open internet was harming Americans. The activists and enter-tainers clamoring for more government control of the internet claimed that it was under attack by predatory internet service providers but, strangely enough, none of them actually provided evidence for that very serious asser-tion. If you are going to make that claim, back it up, point to evidence. Instead, they speak about imaginary or hypo-thetical harms. The 400-page order uses words like ‘‘may,’’ ‘‘could,’’ ‘‘might,’’ or ‘‘potentially’’ not just here and there, not just a few times but several hundred times. Nor did the FCC issue the open internet order because Con-gress told it to. On the contrary, nearly 20 years ago, our colleague Senator W
YDEN , along with then-Senator John Kerry and oth-ers, expressly argued against the dras-tic action that would later be taken by the FCC in 2015. After passing the bi-partisan Telecommunications Act in 1996, this group of Senators affirmed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.008 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3081 May 23, 2017 
the internet’s status as a free and open information service, stating that ‘‘nothing in the 1996 Act or its legisla-tive history suggests that Congress in-tended to alter the current classifica-tion of Internet and other information services or to expand traditional tele-phone regulation to new and advanced services.’’ Finally, the FCC did not intervene because it had evidence of market fail-ure. When the FCC issued its order, the internet was still an explosive source of growth and innovation throughout America and throughout the world—as it had been for decades—when greater and greater numbers of Americans gained access to the internet for the first time. Perhaps, because of this in-convenient fact, the FCC hardly con-sidered the possible economic effects of its regulations. The FCC’s chief econo-mist at the time went so far as to say the rules were an ‘‘economics-free zone.’’ What the internet does need is regu-latory certainty, which is why I re-cently introduced the Restoring Inter-net Freedom Act, along with several of my colleagues. This bill would fully re-peal the FCC’s 2015 internet takeover. More importantly, it would prevent the FCC from interfering with the internet in the future unless such actions were specifically authorized by Congress. We shouldn’t stop there. Instead of waiting for regulators and activists to find new excuses to restrict the inter-net, we should open it further to ex-tend more choices to American con-sumers. In other words, we should en-sure that Federal policy promotes com-petition. As we know from experience, heavy- handed regulations like the FCC’s order tend to favor large, deep-pock-eted companies over startups that can’t afford an army of lobbyists in Washington. Removing these regu-latory barriers will allow upstart en-trepreneurs to compete with incum-bents for consumers’ loyalty. Those consumers—ordinary Americans and their families—will benefit from the improved service and lower prices that this kind of competition inevitably creates. Most American households currently have access to at least one internet service provider. Many have access to two or more, which might look like a competitive market exists for those households, but regulations can keep these different options from being ade-quate substitutes for one another. The government restricts access to valuable resources that could be used for high-quality internet services. Ac-cording to a 2012 report by the Obama administration, the Federal Govern-ment is sitting on upwards of 60 per-cent of the best radio spectrum, so- called ‘‘beachfront’’ spectrum, which could be put to use for commercial internet services like 5G wireless broadband. Meanwhile, excessive permitting, li-censing, and environmental impact regulations delayed broadband deploy-ment over Federal and public lands, es-pecially in the West. Finally, the Office of Management and Budget found that private parties spend nearly $800 million each year to comply with FCC paperwork require-ments. The bill for this ends up being paid entirely by ordinary American families. Thankfully, my colleagues in the Senate have already identified many of these problems and have done work to address them. Senators K
LOBUCHAR and D
AINES have spent considerable time on policies to streamline broadband internet deployment through their ‘‘dig-once’’ proposals. Senator H
ELLER  is a champion for reducing barriers for deploying broadband throughout the West. Senators T
HUNE and N ELSON , the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, have introduced measures in the past to free up radio spectrum held by Fed-eral agencies and organizations. These are just a few of the many thoughtful ideas to reduce barriers to entry and increase competition, which has the potential to improve quality and bring down prices. The bipartisan nature of these policies demonstrates a clear understanding that improve-ments can be made, and everyone should be able to agree that more com-petition is better for American con-sumers, especially those in rural or low-income housing. Everyone should also be able to agree that consumers should be protected from unfair and deceptive business practices. Thankfully, the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Com-mission already enforce fair rules that protect Americans’ enjoyment of a free and open internet. The combination of competition and strong enforcement of antitrust and consumer protections provides the ben-efits of an innovative marketplace while avoiding problems that come from tired, anti-consumer, outdated regulations like title II and like the 2015 open internet order. For the sake of American consumers and innovators—not for entrenched business interests—I hope to work with partners in the House, Senate, and the FCC to promote competition in the technology sector, including among internet service providers. If that means underperforming companies have to work a little harder for their customers, that is all the better, be-cause the end result of lively competi-tion is more investment and innova-tion by businesses, which translates into more choices and better service for consumers. I encourage my colleagues, regardless of party or ideology, to work with me on this project. If they are truly inter-ested in a better internet—not just government intrusion and control for its own sake—I am sure they can help me identify other barriers to entry to the information superhighway. For now, a good start to ensure that American consumers and small busi-nesses benefit from the internet is to repeal the FCC’s 2015 internet take-over, enforce antitrust, unfair, and de-ceptive practice standards, and encour-age competition among internet firms. Only then can we guarantee an inter-net that is free and open for everyone. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO BONNIE SEAMAN  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to commend Bonnie Seaman, who has loyally served the people of Penn-sylvania for more than 40 years, more recently as the director of constituent services for my Senate office. Bonnie has not only been a trusted member of my staff but a very close family friend. Bonnie was born and raised on a tur-key farm in Leck Kill, PA. She is the youngest of four children. She first began her public service career in county government at what was then known as the Northumberland County Mental Health and Mental Retardation Department, where she touched the lives of people in her community. In pursuit of a college degree, Bonnie attended Indiana University of Penn-sylvania and graduated cum laude with a degree in education. After gradua-tion, she worked as a special education teacher. Bonnie’s passion for helping others steered her career to the Pennsylvania State Senate. While working in the Pennsylvania Senate, she was asked by her supervisor if she was interested in working on my father’s transition team after he was elected Governor of Pennsylvania in 1986. This transition job offer was supposed to be temporary, but Bonnie would spend the next 30 years working in State government for both then-Governor Casey and then me, when I got to State government years later. She worked as the Governor’s execu-tive assistant for 8 years, and of course she wore many hats, managing the Governor’s staff, scheduling events, and resolving constituent issues, but her most important role was providing support to the Governor. Her dedica-tion and loyalty earned her the respect of her fellow employees in the Gov-ernor’s office as well as those she worked with outside of the office. After working in Governor Casey’s administration, Bonnie worked as well with my father on his autobiography entitled ‘‘Fighting for Life.’’ In his book he pays tribute to her as follows: 
I could never have made it through this project without my executive assistant, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.012 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3082 May 23, 2017 
Bonnie Seaman. It’s hard to think of any work I have done these past ten years with-out Bonnie. Another theme of this book is loyalty, and few people have taught me more about the trait than Bonnie. I am deeply in-debted to her for the skill and good spirit she brings to our work right up to this day. 
That was written more than 20 years ago—just about 22 years ago. Of course, I can say the same thing about Bon-nie’s work in the U.S. Senate. In 1996, when I was elected the State’s auditor general, Bonnie was vital to, first, my transition team. Then she served as the director of the Office of the Auditor General for 8 years, where she oversaw day-to-day operations of my schedule and the management of staff. When I was elected State treasurer in 2004, Bonnie began work with the Treasury Department. Then, finally, when I was elected in 2006 to the Senate, I asked Bonnie to serve as director of con-stituent services. I knew that her dedi-cation to public service and compas-sion for others would make her an ex-cellent director. She led the office of constituent services for 10 years with distinction. With her gold standard professionalism, and unimpeachable ethics, she was a mentor to her staff and served as a shining example of quality public service. Through her work, Bonnie has touched the lives of over 60,000 Pennsylvania constituents. On behalf of my family, as well as thousands of families across our Com-monwealth, I express our gratitude to Bonnie Seaman for more than three decades of stellar public service. The building we worked in, in Harrisburg, has this inscription on the front of it, the finance building: ‘‘All public serv-ice is a trust, given in faith and accept-ed in honor.’’ Bonnie accepted the trust that was placed in her. She kept faith with taxpayers and brought honor to her work. I wish Bonnie well in her re-tirement as she travels with her hus-band Tom, attends yoga classes, and enjoys time with her family and friends. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. (The remarks of Mr. C
OTTON per-taining to the introduction of S. 1202 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. COTTON. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:31 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. PORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The President pro tempore, the Senator from Utah. 
INTERNATIONAL DATA PRIVACY  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss international data pri-vacy. This is a critically important issue that has become all the more im-portant over the years as we become more sophisticated. It has become all the more pressing in recent months as a result of court decisions impacting law enforcement’s ability to access electronic communications overseas. I don’t think it would surprise any-one to hear me say that our privacy laws have not kept pace with techno-logical developments. The primary statute that governs law enforcement’s ability to access electronic data, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, or ECPA, was enacted over 30 years ago—long before most people had even heard of email or the internet. ECPA was drafted in a world in which electronic data was stored on personal computers or on servers located in of-fices or homes. It presumes a world where data is in one location and where in order to access data, a person simply goes to the relevant location and re-trieves it. But that is not the world we live in, at least not today. Nowadays, much of our data is stored not on home or office computers but in the cloud, a network of remote servers spread throughout the world that allows us to access data from literally anywhere. The rise of cloud and remote network computing has transformed the way companies and individuals store data. No longer is data stored on sites or in one discrete location; rather, data per-taining to a single individual or even to a single document may be stored at multiple sites, spread across countries or even across continents. This has cre-ated all sorts of complications for our laws. ECPA requires law enforcement to obtain a warrant before it can access many types of electronic communica-tions. It also prohibits disclosure to foreign entities. Warrants, however, traditionally have stopped at the water’s edge. A judge here in Wash-ington can issue a warrant authorizing law enforcement to search an office here in Washington but cannot issue a warrant for searches in London or Paris. So what is law enforcement to do in a world of cloud computing where pieces of the same electronic document might be stored in Washington, Lon-don, and Paris? One possibility is to say that as long as the data is accessible from the United States—that is, so long as you can retrieve it by logging on to a com-puter somewhere in the United States—that is all that matters; law enforcement can order its disclosure. This sort of maximalist approach, however, brings with it a whole host of problems. To begin with, it pays scant attention to the laws and interests of other countries, including our closest allies. Other countries, it turns out, have data privacy laws of their own, and just like ECPA, sometimes these laws prohibit disclosure to foreign enti-ties, including foreign law enforce-ment. So to say U.S. law enforcement can compel disclosure and data stored anywhere in the world so long as that data is accessible in the United States is really to say that U.S. law enforce-ment can override the laws of other countries. More particularly, it is to say U.S. law enforcement can order individuals or companies that store data overseas to violate the privacy laws of other countries. This is unfair to service pro-viders who may find themselves on the wrong side of the law no matter which side they choose and does little to help international relations. It also under-mines trust, drives customers to for-eign competitors, and undermines the privacy of U.S. citizens by emboldening other countries with less robust pri-vacy regimes that similarly seek un-limited extra territorial access to data. Another possibility is to say that if the data is stored in the United States, then law enforcement may access it, but if it is stored outside our borders, it is off limits. This is essentially the current state of affairs following a decision last sum-mer by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that ECPA war-rants do not reach data stored abroad. Under the Second Circuit’s decision, U.S. law enforcement can use compul-sory process to access data stored in the United States but must work through diplomatic channels to obtain data stored overseas. This sort of domestic storage regime has the benefit of avoiding the conflict- of-laws problems I have just described, but it also has very real drawbacks. To begin with, it impedes law en-forcement’s ability to solve and pre-vent crime in cases where the needed data is stored outside the United States, even when the creator of the data is an American, the service pro-vider storing the data is an American, and the crime being investigated took place here in the United States. The mere happenstance that the data is stored beyond our borders, even though it may constantly or instantly be accessed from within our borders, places it off limits. Service providers’ varying business practices in moving and holding data determine whether an investigation moves forward. This sort of domestic storage regime also forces U.S. law enforcement to work through diplomatic channels, which sometimes are slow and some-times very cumbersome and in many instances less protective of privacy than U.S. criminal process, which re-quires a warrant from a neutral mag-istrate and a finding of probable cause. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.014 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3083 May 23, 2017 
The upshot is that neither of these regimes is satisfactory. A maximalist regime that extends U.S. law enforce-ment jurisdiction worldwide creates se-rious conflict-of-law problems and places U.S. service providers in impos-sible positions. A more modest domes-tic storage regime, by contrast, hinders law enforcement’s ability to solve crime and protect us from harm, based solely on where a particular document or piece of data happens to be stored at a given moment in time. What we need is a sensible regime with clear rules that determine access based on factors that actually matter to the person whose data is being sought. Privacy laws are meant to pro-tect people, not abstractions. We ought not get bogged down with mindless for-malism. Most people could care less whether their data is stored at site A or site B or country A or country B as long as it is easily accessible and has robust privacy protections. At the same time, we need to take proper account of the laws and inter-ests of other countries, especially our allies. We ought to avoid, where pos-sible, trampling on other nations’ sov-ereignty or ignoring their own citizens’ legitimate claims to privacy, whether here in the United States or abroad. For this reason, I believe the right approach to international data privacy is to ground the analysis on the loca-tion of the person whose data is being sought. It is, after all, the person who has rights and the person whose inter-ests are devalued when data is obtained without proper process. Accordingly, I have proposed legisla-tion called the International Commu-nications Privacy Act, or ICPA, that sets clear rules for when and how U.S. law enforcement can access electronic data based on the location and nation-ality of the person whose data is being sought. I intend to introduce an up-dated version of this legislation in the very near future. Here is what the updated version of this legislation will say: If a person is a U.S. national or located in the United States, then law enforcement may compel disclosure no matter where the data is stored, provided the data is ac-cessible from a U.S. computer and law enforcement uses proper criminal proc-ess. If a person is not a U.S. national, however, and is not located in the United States, then different rules apply. These rules are founded on three principles: respect, comity, and reci-procity. First, respect. If U.S. law enforce-ment wishes to access data belonging to a non-U.S. national located outside the United States, then law enforce-ment must notify the person’s country of citizenship and provide that country an opportunity to object to the disclo-sure. This protocol shows respect to the other country and gives the coun-try an opportunity to assert the pri-vacy rights of its citizen. Second, comity. If, after receiving notice, the other country lodges an ob-jection, the U.S. court undertakes a comity analysis to determine whose in-terests should rightfully prevail—the U.S. interests in obtaining the data or the foreign interests in preventing dis-closure. As part of this analysis, the court can consider such factors as the location of the crime, the seriousness of the crime, the importance of the data to the investigation, and the pos-sibility of accessing the data through other means. This analysis prevents an obstinate foreign power from impeding investigations without good reason or where the U.S. interests in disclosure are particularly strong. Third, reciprocity. In order to receive notice and an opportunity to object, the other country must provide recip-rocal notice-and-objection rights to the United States. The country must also provide robust privacy protections within its own borders and satisfy international human rights standards. These requirements ensure that the U.S. provides its own citizens an equal or greater level of protection against foreign requests for data. They also offer incentives to foreign governments to properly safeguard the data of U.S. citizens within their jurisdiction. Tomorrow, the Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism will hold a hearing on law enforcement access to data stored abroad. That hearing, I hope, will elu-cidate many of the principles I just de-scribed. Soon after the hearing, I will reintro-duce the International Communica-tions Privacy Act. The bill as reintro-duced will incorporate feedback from law enforcement and privacy groups. I intend to push very hard for this legis-lation and will seek every opportunity to do so. I want my colleagues to know that I will be pursuing any and all leg-islative vehicles to get it across the finish line. In the words of Utah businessman Jeff Hadfield, writing in the Deseret News, ‘‘It’s imperative that Congress quickly address the ambiguity within our current law. As every company be-comes a software company, we need legislation that supports our compa-nies’ ability to store data overseas, protects our individual privacy rights, and helps U.S. law enforcement do its important job.’’ I could not agree more. The International Communications Privacy Act provides critical guidance to law enforcement, while respecting the laws and interests of our allies. It brings a set of simple, straightforward rules to a chaotic area of law and cre-ates an example for other countries to follow. It is a balanced approach and a smart approach, and it deserves this body’s full support. Mr. President, on another matter, I wish to register my strong support today for the confirmation of John Sul-livan to be Deputy Secretary of State. The nomination of John Sullivan is another example of President Trump choosing the best and brightest for na-tional security positions in his admin-istration. I have known John Sullivan since he was confirmed as Deputy Secretary of Commerce during the George Bush ad-ministration. He excelled in this posi-tion, which bears many similarities to the Deputy Secretary of State role to which he has been nominated. For example, as Deputy Secretary of Commerce, John was responsible for the day-to-day operations and manage-ment of a major Federal agency. As Deputy Secretary of State, he will as-sume the same managerial duties, but for a different Federal agency. In facilitating international trade agreements at the Department of Com-merce, John Sullivan also honed his negotiating abilities, developing a dip-lomatic skill set that will be critical in his new role at the State Department. As the chairman of the Finance Com-mittee, I closely followed John’s tenure at Commerce. I was consistently im-pressed with his ability to promote American interests abroad while main-taining constructive relations with our trading partners. I have no doubt that he will continue to serve our Nation well as the Deputy Secretary of State. In addition to his management exper-tise, John Sullivan is a practicing at-torney with the law firm of Mayer Brown LLP. There, too, he has devel-oped a reputation for excellence, espe-cially in the area of national security law. In John Sullivan we have a proven manager, a seasoned diplomat, and a sharp policy mind who will bring strong leadership to the State Depart-ment. In John Sullivan, President Trump and Secretary Tillerson have made an inspired choice. Secretary Tillerson is doing a tre-mendous job at the State Department. With John Sullivan as his Deputy, even more can be accomplished. In addition, I would like to thank John Sullivan for his willingness to serve. Of course, I would be remiss if I did not also thank his family—espe-cially his wife of 29 years, Grace Rodri-guez, who has provided invaluable sup-port to John throughout his public service. It is unlikely John would be here today without their consent and their constant support. Few have the skills that John Sul-livan possesses. Fewer still possess the patriotism, professionalism, and integ-rity he has displayed over a distin-guished career. He is the best man for the job, which is why I urge my col-leagues to confirm him without delay. I appreciate this opportunity to make these points on the floor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today many of my colleagues will come to the floor to speak about the dev-astating impact that TrumpCare will have on rural communities. I rise to join them in speaking on this topic and on the many other serious flaws in the Republicans’ bill to replace ObamaCare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.017 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3084 May 23, 2017 
When he was elected, President Trump promised he would provide healthcare for everyone, but President Trump and our Republican friends have turned their backs on that promise. The Republican healthcare proposal would put insurance companies back in the driver’s seat, and that means less quality and more costs for all of us. Rural communities, working families, and people with medical conditions would be hit the hardest. Today, we got a taste of how dev-astating TrumpCare would be. The President’s budget proposal slashes bil-lions of dollars for Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. President Trump takes direct aim at bipartisan programs that have made historic progress for kids, for the dis-abled, and for the elderly. Former Senator Hubert Humphrey once said: ‘‘The moral test of govern-ment is how it treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the aged; and those in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy and the handi-capped.’’ When Senator Humphrey spoke those words, he had been diagnosed with ter-minal cancer. He died a few months later. His words are just as meaningful today. TrumpCare fails Senator Humphrey’s moral test. It doesn’t cover more peo-ple or more services or improve healthcare. It raises costs and reduces quality. Compared to the ACA—or ObamaCare—TrumpCare would be a disaster for families in my home State. In New Mexico, tens of thousands of people have healthcare, thanks to ObamaCare and the Medicaid expan-sion. Before the Affordable Care Act, New Mexico had one of the highest rates of uninsured in the country. It was almost 20 percent, at 19.6 percent. That rate has been cut in half to 8.9 percent. Approximately 300,000 more New Mexicans now have healthcare. And each one of these 300,000 people has a story about how having healthcare has made a difference—even saved lives. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, hundreds of thousands of New Mexicans now have essential health benefits, in-cluding doctor visits, hospital care, prescription drugs, pregnancy and childbirth, and mental health services, and a range of preventive services, like mammograms and other cancer screenings, are available at no cost. I am not saying that the ACA is per-fect. Premiums are still too high, deductibles are increasing too much, and we still must bring down the cost of prescription drugs. We absolutely need to work to bring down costs. But, on balance, the Affordable Care Act passes all tests—many with flying col-ors. TrumpCare does not come close. TrumpCare gets an F. Test No. 1: Does TrumpCare increase the number of Americans who will have healthcare? No, it decreases coverage and decreases it dramatically. According to the most recent figures from the CBO, 24 million Americans will lose healthcare coverage under TrumpCare over the next decade. TrumpCare would dismantle the Med-icaid expansion provisions that help so many working Americans, including 265,000 people in New Mexico, and TrumpCare would hit rural commu-nities the hardest. The National Rural Health Associa-tion has said that TrumpCare ‘‘does nothing to improve the health care cri-sis in rural America, and will lead to poorer rural health outcomes, more un-insured and an increase in the rural hospital closure crisis.’’ Rural areas like the ones we have in New Mexico have more elderly and dis-abled people, and fewer people have in-surance through their jobs. TrumpCare is the hardest on these groups. Rural hospitals are already strug-gling. They will have an even harder time keeping their doors open. Many New Mexicans would have to drive an hour or more if their local hospital closed. And not only would closed hospitals mean less access to healthcare, it would also hurt the econ-omy. In rural areas, hospitals are a big employer. If they close, the rural econ-omy takes a hit too. The administrator of the Guadalupe County Hospital in New Mexico, a fine woman by the name of Christina Campos, fears what might happen if TrumpCare becomes law. She is urging me to protect access to care in rural areas. Guadalupe County is one of our smallest counties by population. The hospital’s uninsured payer rate de-clined from 14 percent to 4 percent from 2014 to 2016, thanks to the Afford-able Care Act, and its uncompensated care increased 23 percent in that same period. I can tell my colleagues that I will fight tooth and nail to keep residents in our rural areas insured and to keep rural hospitals in New Mexico open. Test No. 2: Does TrumpCare increase coverage of healthcare services? No, it fails this test too. Under the ACA, in-surance companies must cover essen-tial healthcare services, period. But under TrumpCare, starting in 2020, States can get a waiver and define their own essential benefits for indi-vidual and small group plans. So States would be able to cut the benefits that people count on—and that are making patients healthier. Test No. 3: Does TrumpCare make healthcare more affordable? It doesn’t. It takes aim at the most vulnerable working and low-income families and seniors—the people most in need of care—and it cuts access to healthcare out from under them. If you are older and poorer, you lose big under TrumpCare. If you are young and wealthy, you win. What is wrong with this picture? What is wrong is that it is unjust. And it is bad for healthcare costs over the long run. Trump and the Republicans are proposing drastic changes to our healthcare system—and they are changes for the worse. They want to go backward to a time when insurance companies could decide who gets healthcare and who doesn’t. Finally, TrumpCare would hurt any-one with a preexisting condition. One of the most popular provisions of ObamaCare is that it prohibits insur-ance companies from dropping you if you get sick and from refusing to cover you because of a preexisting condition. A preexisting condition could be some-thing serious like cancer, but insur-ance companies have considered every-thing from childbirth to hand warts a preexisting condition. Under TrumpCare, States would be able to decide whether to get a waiver from those patient protections. And then we would go back to that time when insurance companies decided who could get healthcare and who couldn’t. States would have to set up high-risk pools to provide people with the option of insurance in catastrophic situations. But in the best cases, high-risk pools wouldn’t protect many people from going bankrupt just to get healthcare, and TrumpCare wouldn’t provide near-ly enough funding for States to run them successfully. Take Alexis from Albuquerque. Alex-is is here in the photograph with her husband. Alexis had a stroke and brain surgeries when she was 28 years old. Even though she had no lingering ef-fects, she was denied insurance in the private market and had to get insur-ance in New Mexico’s high-risk pool. According to Alexis, ‘‘It broke us fi-nancially.’’ Alexis now has affordable health insurance with the help of the Affordable Care Act subsidies. Like most people, she doesn’t want to risk going broke just to get healthcare. She shouldn’t have to. Finally, I want to tell you about a 1- year-old from Albuquerque, NM, whose name is Rafe. Rafe was born with cor-tical visual impairment—a kind of legal blindness—and significant devel-opmental delays. His parents—Jessica, his mom, and his father, Sam, a vet-eran—have been able to access the in-tensive medical care, early interven-tion services, medical equipment, and therapy he needs through a combina-tion of the military’s insurance and Medicaid. But TrumpCare jeopardizes Medicaid by turning it into a block grant for States, which will most cer-tainly result in deep cuts to Medicaid. It threatens Rafe’s chances of a better life. The President promised he would keep protections for people with pre-existing conditions—people who are sick. His broken promises can hurt tens of millions of Americans. In the end, TrumpCare is not a real healthcare bill. It is a tax relief bill for the richest 1 percent. The CBO esti-mates that TrumpCare would cut taxes by $346 billion over 10 years, at the ex-pense of the healthcare of working families and seniors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.019 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3085 May 23, 2017 
Our priorities for healthcare reform should be increasing coverage, increas-ing the services provided, making peo-ple healthier, and providing affordable healthcare. I strongly and unequivo-cally support all Americans having healthcare. Let’s get to that goal, and let’s get to that goal now. Ninety-one percent of the American people are insured, thanks to the steps taken under the Af-fordable Care Act. Rather than repeal-ing it, let’s build on its strengths so 100 percent of people can afford to see a doctor when they are sick. We can do this. We can do better. Let’s ensure that Americans in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the aged; and those in the shad-ows of life, the sick, the needy, and the disabled, have the right to healthcare so that America meets the moral test of good governance. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, if there is one thing that has become clear, it is that the ObamaCare status quo is not sustainable. Prices continue to soar while choices are rapidly dwindling. Between 2016 and 2017, the average premium for a midlevel ObamaCare plan on the Fed-eral exchange went up 25 percent—25 percent for just 1 year. Let’s remember that this is on top of years—year after year—of premium increases under ObamaCare. How many families can easily absorb a 25-percent premium increase? I would submit that not many. Again, that is just for 1 year. ObamaCare rate hikes aren’t going anywhere. Numbers for next year are starting to emerge, and they are not looking good. Connecti-cut’s ObamaCare insurers are request-ing average premium increases in the double digits. One Connecticut insurer has requested an average rate hike of 33.8 percent—33.8 percent. In Virginia, one insurer has requested an average rate increase of 38 percent. Another has requested an average 45-percent rate hike. In Maryland, average increases range anywhere from 18 percent to al-most 59 percent. One insurer has re-quested a staggering 150-percent rate increase—150 percent. Obviously, these kinds of price in-creases are unaffordable for most fami-lies, but ObamaCare isn’t leaving them any options. Along with soaring prices, choices on the exchanges are rapidly dwindling. Roughly one-third of U.S. counties have just one choice of health insurer on their exchange for 2017. Sev-eral States—including Alabama, Okla-homa, Alaska, and Wyoming—have just one choice of insurer for their entire State, and things are only getting worse. In 2018, a number of counties may lack an ObamaCare insurer at all. In February, health insurer Humana an-nounced its decision to completely withdraw from the ObamaCare ex-changes for 2018, and 2 weeks ago, Aetna, which had already sharply re-duced its participation in the ex-changes for 2017, announced its deci-sion to fully exit and completely get out of the market in 2018. That leaves the Nebraska and Delaware ObamaCare exchanges with just one insurer for 2018. UnitedHealthcare is leaving Virginia, and Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield is withdrawing from Iowa. In the wake of Aetna and Wellmark’s decision, Medica, the last ObamaCare insurer for most of Iowa, announced it will likely leave the State in 2018. That would leave 94 out of 99 counties in Iowa with no ObamaCare insurer next year—all but five counties in the State of Iowa with no ObamaCare insurer. Iowa fami-lies with ObamaCare subsidies would have no place to spend them. As my colleague Senator A
LEXANDER likes to point out, that is like having a bus ticket in a town where there are no buses running. Dwindling healthcare choices aren’t limited to the ObamaCare exchanges, either. Aetna is not only withdrawing from the exchanges. It is also with-drawing from the non-ObamaCare indi-vidual health insurance markets in several States. More than one insur-ance CEO has suggested that ObamaCare is in a death spiral, and I would have to say it is pretty hard to disagree. Combine soaring premiums with a steady insurer exodus, and soon-er or later you get a partial or com-plete exchange collapse. Then there are the other ObamaCare problems—like deductibles which are sometimes so high people can’t afford to actually use their healthcare plans; or, narrow plan networks with few pro-vider choices. ObamaCare may have been well-in-tentioned, but good intentions don’t make up for a lack of good policy—and ObamaCare was not good policy. ObamaCare took a healthcare system with problems and it made things worse. It is time to repeal this fatally flawed law and replace it with real healthcare reform. Three weeks ago, the House of Rep-resentatives passed an ObamaCare re-peal and replacement bill. The House’s legislation repeals ObamaCare’s tax in-creases, penalties, and mandates, and starts the process of restoring control of healthcare to States and individuals. My colleagues in the House have made a good start, and I am looking forward to building on their bill here in the United States Senate. We have a lot of Members with good healthcare ideas, and we are going to work hard to produce a bill that will start the proc-ess of giving the American people real healthcare reform. ObamaCare is failing, and it is failing rapidly. Our Democrat colleagues need to stop pretending this law is ever going to do what it was supposed to do and come to the table to work with us on real healthcare reform. There is no question our healthcare system has problems, but ObamaCare is not, and it never has been, the solution. Real reform is possible, though, and that is what we are focused on now here in the United States Senate—the kind of reform that will actually drive down prices, that will put patients and their doctors—not the government—in charge of healthcare decisions, that will empower States to embrace the so-lutions that are right for the citizens in their States and will give Americans more choices and real healthcare free-dom. That is the kind of healthcare reform Republicans are committed to deliv-ering for the American people. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
MEDICAID  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about the President’s proposed budget as it re-lates to Medicaid and the fact that it is just a war on Medicaid; that is, it con-tinues the wrongheaded ideas that have been proposed in the House bill on healthcare reform and takes that and continues to make cuts to Medicaid that are unsustainable for our healthcare system. The President’s budget would impose a block grant or per capita cap on States in 2020 in exchange for so-called flexibility. I haven’t met one State ad-ministrator of healthcare in our State who says they need more flexibility. They have a lot of flexibility on Med-icaid currently, but they know this is just a budget cap and a budget cut. The budget would result in $610 bil-lion in cuts to States, in addition to what would happen if they were suc-cessful in passing the House bill in the Senate. As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities put it, the Trump budget cuts Medicaid ‘‘considerably more deeply than the House bill’s per capita cap proposal would do.’’ No doubt what the budget is pro-posing from the President today and what our House colleagues have pro-posed on healthcare means more dam-age for healthcare and more damage for Medicaid. Let’s be more specific. Medicaid for healthcare is about children. It is about seniors. It is about the disabled. It is about working families. It is about young people. Medicaid covers half of the births and the majority of long- term care stays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.020 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3086 May 23, 2017 
What people may not realize is that the President’s budget cut to Medicaid also cuts children’s healthcare, as a new study reveals, by at least $43 bil-lion, according to Avalere Health. That is taking healthcare away from chil-dren, poor children, who need access to healthcare. Additionally, the budget impacts 1.75 million veterans who also get healthcare through Medicaid. How can we possibly be standing here with a budget proposal by the Presi-dent of the United States—after he promised not to cut Medicaid—that not only proposes to cut Medicaid but cuts childrens’ and veterans’ healthcare when they need it most? Medicaid is a lifeline for people who can’t get covered or can’t get a fair deal. It is a highly cost-effective, dy-namic, and innovative program that has worked well, and Medicaid is a win-ning economic strategy for how to help families get out of poverty. It is one of the most successful anti-poverty pro-grams in the United States and the sec-ond largest program to combat ex-treme poverty. Its expansion in Washington has helped create jobs indirectly and di-rectly and has saved our State about $353 million in our State budget. It in-jects billions into the economy and supports our high-wage, high-skill jobs throughout the healthcare economy. As we know, our colleagues, in the House draconian healthcare act, would for the first time cut Medicaid’s suc-cessful program by introducing a cap that would result in reductions every year to the Medicaid Program. Regard-less of who needs access, regardless of those children, regardless of those vet-erans, it would continue to push down Medicaid funds by more each year. I have said to my colleagues in the House that there are far more innova-tive ways to help our healthcare deliv-ery system that are cost-effective, but simply cutting veterans or families or children off of Medicaid is not the way to do it. The President’s budget released today would reinforce this permanent cap. Currently, Medicaid is a needs- based partnership between the States and the Federal Government. During economic recessions, natural disasters, or public health emergencies, States know they can count on the Federal Government. Under what has been proposed in the House, the per capita cap would give States only a fixed amount and start reducing the amount of money each year. It would leave a tsunami of sen-iors and others without new tech-nologies, prescription drugs, or tools to address new healthcare threats. There is nothing about it that is re-form. It is not innovation. It is simply a budget mechanism to cut Medicaid. I don’t know how the President, given that he promised before not to cut Medicaid could do this. He said: ‘‘I was the first & only potential GOP can-didate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid.’’ If that is what the President tweeted, if that is what he said he was going to do, why is he now proposing a budget that actually cuts Medicaid? We do not want to throw 600,000 Med-icaid beneficiaries off of coverage in my State—and 14 million across the country—and take $1.4 billion out of Washington State’s economy every year. These are numbers according to the Congressional Budget Office’s most recent estimates and estimates by the State of Washington. I think it is time to say no to the President’s budget proposal. It is time to remind the President of his promise not to cut Medicaid, and it is time to stop talking about the silly idea of cap-ping Medicaid and reducing funding to the States. I mentioned the impact on children and veterans. I also want to mention the impact on those suffering from the opioid epidemic and what we have been trying to do to treat those individuals. Also, those facilities would be in great danger in continuing to treat that pop-ulation if they don’t have Medicaid. So the notion that this is a smart healthcare strategy or a smart healthcare budget—it is not. It is a draconian measure that is going to leave many more Americans without healthcare. As I said, Medicaid is a suc-cessful program. The promise should be kept, and we should continue to im-prove the delivery system as a way to make it more cost-effective. I know we can’t afford to leave sick children without access to healthcare, and now is not the time to leave veterans with-out the healthcare they deserve. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise to talk about the healthcare bill the House of Representatives passed and is currently being considered behind closed doors by my Republican col-leagues. I travel around greater Minnesota all the time, and when the Republicans’ healthcare plan first came out, I trav-eled to rural Minnesota to meet with rural hospitals, nursing home pro-viders, and constituents to hear how this bill would impact their lives and communities. They are upset and they are frankly scared. In Perham, MN, I heard from a woman who was in tears, not knowing where her mother would go if the Re-publican plan passed and she lost her nursing home coverage. This woman and her husband work full time, but to-gether they cannot afford the around- the-clock care her mother needs. Later, at a nursing home in Moor-head—that is in Minnesota across the river from Fargo—I also heard from a resident, Chrysann, who said this new plan wasn’t about taking care of people but about ‘‘survival of the fittest.’’ The hospitals and nursing home adminis-trators I met with said the financial blow they would receive would cause them to cut services and in some cases even close their doors. What I heard, and the real panic that I saw, is a far cry from what President Trump promised this past January when he said: ‘‘We’re going to have in-surance for everybody.’’ He went on to say it would be ‘‘much less expensive and much better.’’ Versions of these promises keep com-ing from President Trump, his Cabinet, and from his allies in Congress—cov-erage for more people, at lower costs, with better quality. Those things all sound great, things that might help people like Chrysann, but the fact is, the Republican bill does the exact op-posite. It takes coverage away from people, it drives up costs, and it makes coverage worse. In other words, the GOP is selling this healthcare bill on false pretenses. Today I would like to explain how the Republican bill betrays each one of these three fundamental promises, and let’s take them one by one. We can start by the number of people who will be covered. President Trump promised that everyone would have insurance, but an analysis of an earlier version of the healthcare bill—the first iteration of this, which is actually not as bad as this one—an earlier version analysis conducted by the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office found that under current law the House Republican plan would leave 24 million fewer people with health insurance by 2026. That means by 2026, nearly 1 in 5 Americans under the age of 65 would be uninsured, compared to just over 1 in 10 today. One particular way the Republican bill cuts coverage is by gutting Med-icaid, a program that covers more than 60 percent of all nursing home resi-dents nationwide, covers kids with dis-abilities, and benefits nearly 70 million Americans. The Republican plan ends Medicaid expansion. It fundamentally undermines the structure of the Med-icaid Program and cuts the program’s budget by as much as one-quarter over 10 years, a more than $800 billion cut. On May 7, journalist Jake Tapper of CNN asked Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price whether the hun-dreds of billions of proposed cuts would result in millions of Americans not getting Medicaid. Secretary Price re-sponded: ‘‘Absolutely not.’’ Well, that is absolutely false. When I say ‘‘abso-lutely,’’ I mean that literally. It doesn’t take an expert to know that if you take funding away from this program, which provides health coverage for millions of Americans, the program will suffer, and the human beings who rely on Medicaid will suffer as well. Specifically, according to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.022 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3087 May 23, 2017 
Congressional Budget Office, 14 million of those 24 million people who will lose coverage under the Republican bill would lose their health insurance be-cause of cuts to Medicaid. ‘‘Absolutely not,’’ says the Secretary of HHS. It is bad enough to push a bill that will take away care from millions who need it; it is extra galling to be so fun-damentally dishonest about it in the process. Look, the Affordable Care Act is far from perfect and we have prob-lems that need to be fixed, but let’s step back and review how far we have come because of the ACA. Since it came into effect, about 20 million Americans have gained health insur-ance coverage, producing the lowest uninsured rate in the history of this country. In Minnesota, the number of unin-sured dropped by nearly half, with peo-ple in rural areas seeing the largest gain in coverage. As a result, we have eliminated the gap in coverage between rural and urban Minnesotans. These coverage gains have increased access to vital health services, including access to treatment for mental illness and substance use disorders, but the Repub-lican healthcare plan throws all of these gains into jeopardy, which is par-ticularly troubling given that the country is still in the midst of battling a devastating opioid and heroin epi-demic. Researchers estimate that 2.8 million Americans with substance use disorders will lose some or all of their insurance coverage under the ACA re-peal. Let’s be clear. People will lose cov-erage as a result of the proposed Med-icaid cuts; people will lose coverage be-cause of the proposed insurance re-forms; and tens of millions of more people will be uninsured and without care in the Republican plan than under current law. Let’s move on to the second point; the assertion that is repeated con-stantly by President Trump and by others that their bill brings down costs. In his Rose Garden celebration after the Republican health care bill passed the House—not after signing it into law but sort of an unprecedented Rose Garden celebration after merely the House passed the bill—President Trump said: ‘‘As far as I am concerned your premiums they are going to start to come down.’’ When Secretary Price was asked, again by Jake Tapper, if he stands by the President’s statement, he re-sponded: ‘‘Absolutely.’’ On an earlier date, Secretary Price actually said: ‘‘Nobody will be worse off financially’’ under the Republican plan. This is just blatantly wrong. Repub-licans are actively sabotaging the indi-vidual market, needlessly driving up premiums in the short term, and in the long term what they are doing will re-sult in exorbitant premium hikes for older, sicker people—so much so that CBO estimates some will eventually drop out of the market altogether. Let me explain. For years, Repub-licans have taken deliberate steps to sabotage the individual market. First, Senator R
UBIO ran through a last- minute change to the 2015 spending bill that undercut the Risk Corridor Pro-gram. The Risk Corridor Program, which was modeled after a similar pro-gram in the Medicare Part D Program, was included as part of the ACA to off-set high costs incurred by insurers as they took on new enrollees in the early years of the ACA. Here is how it worked. The Federal Government would make payments to health plans that enrolled a group of people who were sicker than expected and had higher healthcare costs than the insurer predicted when it set its premiums. On the flip side, the Federal Government would receive payments from health plans that enrolled a group of people who were healthier than ex-pected and needed less care. By lim-iting losses incurred by insurers, the Risk Corridor Program was designed to help make premiums more affordable for individuals and families who bought coverage on the exchange. Senator R
UBIO’s provision undercut all of this. It severely curtailed the payments that could be made under the Risk Corridor Program, which meant that premiums soared and health insurers left the market. For example, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota lost about $220 million between 2014 and 2016 under the weakened Risk Corridor Program, which the CEO told me in a meeting late last spring was a huge setback for the company. I was dismayed but not surprised when I heard, shortly after our meeting, that the company was leaving the individual market, which affected coverage for more than 100,000 Minnesotans and contributed to aver-age premium increases of 36 to 67 per-cent in Minnesota’s individual market in 2017. Insurers across the country faced similar destabilizing losses, but that is not all. On top of that, for months, President Trump has been doing his part to sow uncertainty by repeatedly arguing that the individual market is in a death spiral. For example, on May 4, in response to Aetna’s exit from the individual market in Virginia in 2018, President Trump shouted on Twitter: ‘‘Death spiral!’’ This is similar to his post on March 13 in which he said: ‘‘ObamaCare is imploding. It’s a dis-aster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far!’’ But he is wrong. Even the CBO noted in one of its scores that barring any significant changes, the individual market would probably be stable in most areas. This confirms what other research has found, which is that this year markets were starting to stabilize, which led Standard & Poor’s to issue a report last December predicting that 2017 could see ‘‘continued improvement, with more insurers getting close to break-even or better.’’ But this didn’t faze President Trump or any of the Republicans. Instead, they seem to have used these reports as a guidebook on what changes are nec-essary to actually cause the individual market to collapse. For example, President Trump has been playing games with payments that are due to insurance companies that reduce out- of-pocket costs for working families. On numerous occasions, he has threat-ened to stop these payments alto-gether, but in practice, he has been holding these payments hostage on a month-to-month basis to push forward other insidious reforms. Just yester-day, his administration announced that it would seek another short-term delay in the House’s lawsuit, which aims to stop these payments perma-nently. These games are driving up the premiums for families and rattling health insurance markets. Lastly, the administration has stopped enforcing the individual man-date. As a result, we are seeing enroll-ment in the individual markets stall for the first time since 2010, and if this results in younger, healthier people dropping their coverage, we could see prices rise dramatically for those left behind. That is right. President Trump and the Republicans are actively attacking the insurance markets, causing pre-miums to go up. So if these markets falter and consumers suffer, it is be-cause of what Republicans are doing right now and have been doing for years to undermine the individual mar-ket. Still, you will often hear Republicans talk about the need to reduce costs. They even claim that their proposed healthcare plan would lower premiums in the long run. For millions of Ameri-cans, that is not true, but the reasons why it is untrue are slightly com-plicated. It goes to the CBO report for the Republican healthcare plan. The March 13 CBO score says that av-erage premiums for single people in the individual market would be 15 to 20 percent higher than under current law—than under the current ACA—in the first 2 years of its implementation. But it does say that they would be roughly 10 percent lower in 2026 under the House bill than they would be under current law. At first blush, this sounds like prices would be coming down for people, right? That is certainly what the Re-publican leadership wants you to think. That day, House Speaker R
YAN stated: ‘‘This report confirms that the American Health Care Act will lower premiums and improve access to qual-ity, affordable care.’’ House Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY got more spe-cific. He said: ‘‘After 10 years, pre-miums will be 10 percent lower than under ObamaCare.’’ But Speaker R
YAN and Majority Leader M
CCARTHY are being deliberately misleading. One of the reasons that average costs go down is that the price for some people would go up so much that they couldn’t af-ford any insurance at all. If the people facing the most expensive insurance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.027 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3088 May 23, 2017 
simply dropped out of the market, sure, average costs go down. Here is how this works: Under the Republican plan, insurers would be able to charge older enrollees five times more than younger ones, which would dramatically increase premiums for people aged 50 to 64 years old while de-creasing premiums for younger people. Meanwhile, the tax credits that help older Americans afford their premiums would be drastically slashed. The re-sult is that, especially for older people of modest means, coverage would be-come unaffordable, so they disappear from the market. If only younger, healthier people can buy insurance, av-erage premiums go down, but you have actually made the system much worse and much more expensive for the peo-ple who really need it. But that is not all. The Republican plan would also allow States to waive crucial protections for patients with preexisting conditions, which means that in those States, we could go back to something like the old days when in-surance companies could charge people with preexisting conditions much more—potentially as much as $25,000 more for their coverage, as estimated by the AARP. Republicans are quick to point out that their bill maintains a requirement that insurance companies have to offer plans to everyone, but it abandons the principle that the plans must be afford-able, and an unaffordable plan does people about as much good as no plan at all. If you are young, if you have no pre-existing condition, it might be true that your premiums will go down under the Republican plan. But for millions of Americans, though, if the Repub-lican bill passes, insurance costs are going to go up. For many people, they will go up so high that they will be out of reach. That brings me to the third claim the Republicans are peddling—that their plan will result in higher quality cov-erage. In fact, Republicans want to open the door to junk insurance. In defending the House Republican plan, Secretary Price recently stated that the plan allows ‘‘for every single person to get the access to the kind of coverage that they want.’’ We have heard this before. This is a code for al-lowing insurers to offer garbage insur-ance plans that offer skimpy benefit packages and impose much higher deductibles and cost sharing on con-sumers. Under the Affordable Care Act, you cannot sell junk plans on the insurance exchanges. Plans have to cover the es-sential health benefits. This is key. Under the ACA, plans have to cover the essential health benefits—10 key cat-egories of benefits such as prescription drugs, maternity care, and mental health services. On top of that, the law prohibits insurers from imposing an-nual or lifetime limits on these essen-tial health benefits. The goal is to make sure that when people get sick or if they have a preexisting condition, they don’t go broke getting the care they need because of fine print in their health insurance plan. The Republican bill would allow States to eliminate these essential health benefits. Consumers would be left with plans that leave them up a creek if they actually get sick. And plans for people who are sick—the price of those plans will go sky high. No one would call that ‘‘better care,’’ which is why Republicans aren’t really being straight about it. What they call ‘‘flexibility’’ is actually just the re-moval of consumer protections. To review, the Republican plan cov-ers fewer people, costs too many people more—in many cases, much, much more—and provides worse coverage, and it is being sold by misleading peo-ple on each of these points. It is not as though there aren’t ways to cover more people, reduce costs, and provide better coverage. You could do a public option, for example. You could reduce prescription drug costs—an issue on which I recently introduced a comprehensive bill. You could improve coverage by increasing the number of healthcare providers in rural areas, as I proposed last year in my rural health bill. But the Republican plan does none of these things, which raises the ques-tion: What does it do? Why would any-one take the time to propose such a terrible bill? The answer is this: It gives a giant tax cut to the wealthy. That is the real point of this bill. It is not a healthcare bill; it is a ‘‘take healthcare away from people who need it and use the money to give a tax break to the rich’’ bill. As Chrysann in Moorhead, MN, said, it is about ‘‘survival of the fittest.’’ The average tax savings for the 400 richest Americans under the Repub-lican plan is $7 million each—again, $7 million each. For households earning $1 million or more a year, it is more than $50,000 apiece, each year. But for house-holds earning $50,000 a year, which is about the median income in the United States, the tax cut is next to nothing, or you could even face a tax increase. There are tax cuts specifically for in-surance company CEOs. There are tax cuts specifically for drug companies. There is nothing comparable for the middle class. And all of those tax cuts are paid for by cutting healthcare pro-grams that keep people alive, by cut-ting off funding that lets seniors age with dignity, and by cutting services for kids with disabilities. This bill would take us back in time and roll back our progress. It is up to us here in the Senate to stop that from happening. This bill is literally sick-ening. It is vicious, it is cruel, and it should never be passed into law. I urge my Republican colleagues to walk away from this cruel effort and work with us to actually improve healthcare for Americans. And I urge everyone considering this bill to be straight with the American people about exactly what it is that this bill will do to them. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, obvi-ously, a big problem before the country right now is, What do we do about ris-ing healthcare premiums? What we know under the Affordable Care Act—or the un-Affordable Care Act—or ObamaCare, as some call it, is that premiums are rising more and more. One of President Trump’s cam-paign pledges was that premiums would come down and, actually, come down with, as he said in one place, beautiful coverage—that it is actually good coverage and premiums are lower. So let’s kind of set the stage. I just got a message on my Facebook page. I will read it. By the way, any-body can post on our Facebook page these sorts of stories, if they are inter-ested in them. Brian from Louisiana sent a message saying: My family plan is $1700 a month for me, my wife, and two chil-dren—so roughly about $20,000 a year. The ACA, or the Affordable Care Act, has brought me to my knees. I hope you can get something done as my credit cards are all maxed out. And 80 percent of my friends are in the same situation. The middle class is dwin-dling away. Can everyone just come to-gether and figure this out? Think about this: $1,700 a month. He did not write this, but what would be standard for this sort of policy is a $13,000 family deductible. I say that because I have an ac-quaintance in San Francisco. San Francisco is so expensive for housing, transportation, and food, and the pre-mium for their young family is $20,000 a year, with each family member with their own separate $6,000 deductible. This is under the un-Affordable Care Act, as I call it, or the Affordable Care Act, as others do. A friend of mine back in Baton Rouge, whom I have quoted many times, put this on my Facebook page because people would not believe it: He and his wife, 60 and 61, their quote for their insurance last year was $39,000. Their quote for their insurance was $39,000. Then I spoke to a fellow who is an in-surance consultant here in Wash-ington, DC—an insurance consultant. If anyone can get their premiums down, it would be he. For his family, their premium is $24,000 a year with a $13,000 family deductible. If they get in a car wreck, their family will be out $37,000 before the insurance kicks in. Who can afford this? We must do something bet-ter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.028 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3089 May 23, 2017 
When President Trump ran for office, President Trump clearly recognized this. On the campaign trail, he said over and over that he wished to lower premiums. It is the President’s genius, if you will, that he knew how to do so. You do so by expanding the risk pool. He said he wanted to continue coverage for all. He gets away from the ObamaCare mandates, which people hate. The American people don’t like being told what to do. He also said he would care for those with preexisting conditions. This is how it works. When you cover many, you have a bigger risk pool. Those with preexisting conditions have the cost of their illness spread out over the many. So premiums come down for all. My hat is off to the President for coming up with that. In fact, 5 days be-fore he was sworn in, he echoed this, because one way to lower premiums is to give poor coverage. One way to lower premiums is to give folks such terrible coverage that it doesn’t cost anything. On the other hand, it doesn’t cover anything. The President seems to know this. Five days before he was inaugurated, he said to the Washington Post about people covered under his replacement for ObamaCare: 
[They] can expect to have great healthcare. It will be in a much simplified form. Much less expensive and much better. We’re going to have insurance for every-body. There was a philosophy in some circles that if you can’t pay for it, you don’t get it. That’s not going to happen with us. 
I am a physician, a doctor. Again, I admire President Trump’s insights. As a physician, I know that whoever wants healthcare gets healthcare. Twenty or so years ago, Congress said that if you walk into an emergency room, the emergency room has to take care of you. It doesn’t matter if you are an American citizen. It doesn’t matter how much it costs. The hospital has to take care of you. I told folks when I was practicing—it would be the middle of the night—that as long as that emergency room was open—and it was open 24/7—in through the door came folks vomiting blood, heart failure patients, folks with drug overdoses, schizophrenics, diabetics, asthmatics—you name it. They came through that door, and we cared for them all—and somebody paid. President Trump understands that even if you say you can’t afford it, ev-erybody is going to be treated. That is our current system, and that is not going to happen under his watch. We mentioned that one way to lower premiums is to give poor coverage. I think everyone knows, or many people know, of Mr. Kimmel, the late night comedian who pointed out that when his child was born, instead of cele-brating and handing the baby to the mother so the mother could kiss and the father, Mr. Kimmel, could cuddle the baby, the nurses and the doctors looked at the baby and immediately recognized that something was wrong. They recognized that this child was blue. He didn’t have oxygen, and if something wasn’t done immediately, this child would die. Folks criticized Mr. Kimmel for being emotional. I totally get it. In-stead of cuddling, you are signing a re-lease waiver so your child can be trans-ferred across the city of Los Angeles for emergency surgery. In his emotion, he asked that all children—and I would expand to all Americans—have the ability to get that sort of emergency care done. Again, the President was about that. I came up with what I called the Kim-mel test. Again, it echoes President Trump’s contract with the American voter—that we would protect those with preexisting conditions, that we lower premiums, but as we lower pre-miums, we make sure that the cov-erage is adequate. The Kimmel test, making sure there is adequate coverage while lowering premiums and caring for those with preexisting conditions, is so compat-ible with what President Trump said, because Americans need lower pre-miums. Let me echo that one more time. We need to lower premiums. The Presi-dent’s approach, the contract he made with the voters on the campaign trail, is the right approach. You get a bigger risk pool, lots of younger people, so those who are older and sicker have the cost of their care spread out among the many. We have a plan, the Cassidy-Collins plan, or the Patient Freedom Act, which I introduced with Senator S
USAN  C
OLLINS and four other Senators. We have a way to go about it. One way to get young, healthy folks involved is to do something that we do on Medicare. If you are eligible, you are enrolled un-less you call up and say you don’t want to be. That is what we do with Medi-care. By the way, that is what Fortune 500 companies do with their employees for 401(k) plans, and it works really well. Ninety-five percent of employees are likely to participate in a 401(k), and they love it. As to people on Medicare, 99 percent stay on Medicare, and 1 per-cent call up and say: I don’t want it. Usually they have better coverage someplace else. As a rule, no one feels coerced because they all know they can call up and say: I don’t want it; I don’t get it. As it turns out, most do. The plan we have taken with Cas-sidy-Collins, in our attempt to fulfill President Trump’s contract with the American voter, is that we allow a State to automatically enroll for this, and you would be in. The credit you re-ceive would be sufficient to pay for the annual premium. If you don’t want it, call up. Make it easy. Get out of here. I don’t want it. As a rule, we think folks would be in. By doing this, you expand that risk pool so those old and sicker, those with preexisting conditions, can have their conditions cared for, but we fulfill President Trump’s campaign pledge. We also lowered those premiums. Ultimately, to lower the cost of in-surance, you have to lower the cost of healthcare. Cassidy-Collins does that with some conservative approaches that even liberals will like. One way is that we put in what is called price transparency. You would know the price. A mother would know the price of a procedure—an x-ray, a blood test— before she gets it for her daughter, as opposed to finding out 6 months later when she gets the final bill. Let me give one example. We have all seen those urgent care centers. Some are run by hospitals. Typically, a visit there will cost you $500 to $1,500. Oth-ers are run by a group of physicians, or maybe a small business decides to set up an urgent care center. The same visit might cost you as little as $75 to $150. The patient doesn’t know that until she gets the bill. One door has exactly the same ap-pearance and exactly the same type of facility with the same capabilities. In one door and it can cost $500 to $1,500, and in the other door and it can cost $75 to $150, and the patient never knows. I think we can lower the cost of healthcare by giving the patient the power of knowing what is the price of healthcare. Think of it. You walk up to a French restaurant in a city you are not famil-iar with, and you look at the menu posted on the door. You see the prices of the food. Oh, the food is pretty good, but look how expensive it is. Let me go down the street. You go down the street. The food looks good, and it is less expensive. The power of price informs the pa-tient of what is the best deal for both our health and for our pocketbook. One way we can lower the cost of health in-surance is by lowering the cost of healthcare. There are other ways of doing so as well. Let me return once more to what I said earlier. Americans need lower pre-miums. President Trump, during the campaign—his contract with the voter, I think, is the right approach to get there. I will summarize with this. He said he wanted to maintain coverage for those who have insurance, lower pre-miums, that preexisting conditions would be cared for, and eliminate the ObamaCare mandates. If we fulfill President Trump’s goals—and these are goals that folks on the right and left can get behind. By the way, if we do get behind them, premiums will be lower. If we can fulfill President Trump’s campaign contract with the American voter, we will lower those premiums, and we will do so by achiev-ing these other great goals. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.031 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3090 May 23, 2017 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
JERUSALEM DAY  
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I rise today to mark a momentous day. Starting this evening, millions around the world will celebrate Yom Yerushalayim, also known as Jerusalem Day. I am proud to join our close ally, Israel, and the Jewish people in celebrating this his-toric 50th anniversary of the reunifica-tion of Jerusalem. Half a century ago, overcoming Arab armies intent on Israel’s destruction, the Israel defense forces liberated the Old City of Jerusalem during the Six- Day War. They courageously and mi-raculously fought their way to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall, the holiest sites in Judaism. The com-mander of the paratroopers, Mordechai Gur, unable to contain his emotion, ex-claimed through his wireless radio: ‘‘The Temple Mount is in our hands!’’ The army rabbi blew the shofar, and the eternal capital of Israel was re-united. This war was not the first time that Israel was threatened with annihila-tion. After the Jewish people estab-lished the modern State of Israel in their ancient homeland just 19 years earlier, neighboring Arab States re-sponded to Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion’s declaration of inde-pendence with an invasion. The Arab armies failed to destroy the newly es-tablished Jewish State, but Jerusalem, the ancient and Holy City central to the identity of the Jewish people, was left divided and occupied by Jordan. Residents of the Old City were mur-dered or expelled. Jews were prohibited from visiting and praying at the Tem-ple Mount and Western Wall. Their synagogues were destroyed, and their cemeteries, such as the Mount of Ol-ives, were desecrated. Access for Chris-tians to their holy sites was also se-verely restricted. Leading up to June of 1967, Arab leaders repeatedly and openly ex-pressed their desire to wipe Israel off the map. Syria was engaging in attacks on Israel from the Golan Heights and soon started to mobilize its forces for battle. Egypt began moving troops into the Sinai Peninsula in a massive mili-tary buildup, demanded and achieved the withdrawal of the U.N. Emergency Force that had been stationed in the Sinai, and then closed the Straits of Tehran, imposing an illegal blockade on Israel and cutting off a vital ship-ping lane for the Jewish State. Jordan then signed a mutual defense agree-ment with Egypt. Outnumbered and outgunned and against all odds in the face of external pressure not to act first to ensure its survival, the Jewish State launched a successful, preemptive strike against its hostile neighbors and prevailed in a defensive war. When it was over, Jeru-salem was liberated, reuniting the city and Judaism’s holiest sites with the Jewish people and putting an end to al-most two decades of exclusion from the Old City. Since coming under its sovereignty, Israel, the one true democracy in the Middle East that shares our values of freedom, has protected people of all faiths in Jerusalem and ensured their access to holy sites so that they might worship freely. They have protected the rights of Jews, of Christians, and of Muslims. This has occurred even while religious minorities are being targeted, persecuted, and attacked throughout the Middle East and religious and his-torical sites are being demolished today by radical Islamic terrorists. Today is a day where we must also reassert historical truth: The histor-ical connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem and the land of Israel did not begin in 1967. These pro-found ties to Jerusalem have existed for thousands of years. They can be traced back and have been reaffirmed through numerous archeological exca-vations such as those in the city of David. In the past several years, I have trav-eled to Israel three times. There is something that stirs inside each time I am there. It is remarkable to observe the great successes and achievements of this small and yet mighty country that is one of America’s strongest al-lies in the world. It is long past time that America do something it should have done two dec-ades ago: Move the American Embassy to Jerusalem and formally recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s eternal and undi-vided capital. In every nation on Earth our Embassy is in its capital city ex-cept for Israel. There is no reason Israel should be treated any worse when they are such a reliable and unshakeable ally. We should honor the promise that Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents have made for decades and move our Embassy to Jerusalem. So I stand today to express my solidarity with Israel and with the Jewish people during this major celebration. Now, more than ever, America stands strong with our unshakeable friend and ally, the nation of Israel. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here to discuss what you might call the Scott Pruitt philosophy of environ-mental regulation. In a recent inter-view, the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency ex-pressed his view that the EPA should ‘‘simply pass regulations that provide fairness and equity and allow utilities to make decisions based upon stability, cost, and security to the consumers that they serve.’’ Did we notice any-thing missing in that assertion of what EPA’s role should be? How about no mention of the environment, no men-tion of climate change, no mention of public health? So my 168th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech will look at how paid-for Administrator Pruitt is by the very industries he is supposed to be regulating. Often, the word for this is ‘‘corruption.’’ Scott Pruitt is a functionary of fossil fuel money. He has a long record of dark money fundraising and long, cozy relationships with big fossil fuel polit-ical donors. As you can see, energy interests con-tributed over $136,000 to Pruitt’s 2014 campaign even though he ran unop-posed. During the 2010 and 2014 election cycles, oil and gas giants Devon Energy and Koch Industries—yes, of those infa-mous Koch brothers—maxed out to Pruitt’s campaigns. Thanks to Pulitzer Prize-winning re-porting by the New York Times, we know that backing Pruitt was a good fossil fuel investment, particularly for Devon Energy. In 2011, Attorney Gen-eral Scott Pruitt took a letter written by Devon Energy, he put it onto his Oklahoma attorney general letterhead, he signed it for them, and he sent it off to EPA, pleading Devon Energy’s anti- regulatory case as if it were his own. As attorney general of Oklahoma, Pruitt directly solicited political dona-tions from companies now regulated by EPA, then regulated by EPA as well. He spoke at dozens of industry events but never at a public health or environ-mental event. He led the boards of political organi-zations, like the Republican Attorneys General Association and its dark money political fundraising arm, the so-called Rule of Law Defense Fund, this thing. Pruitt was a member of the RAGA executive committee—RAGA being Republican Attorneys General Association. He was a member of their executive committee between 2014 and 2016, when RAGA raised $530,000 from Koch Industries—yes, those same infa-mous Koch brothers—and $125,000 from Devon Energy—yes, of the letter he put onto his own letterhead. Coal giant Murray Energy donated $50,000 to Liberty 2.0, Pruitt’s own super PAC, and it donated $350,000 to RAGA between 2014 and 2016. The Rule of Law Defense Fund doesn’t have to disclose its donors. They hide in a loophole in the law. But other public reporting has shown that it received at least $175,000 from some-thing called Freedom Partners. With a name like that, you know it is up to no good. Sure enough, it is another dark 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.032 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3091 May 23, 2017 
money group run by several Koch In-dustries executives. That is not Coca- Cola; that is the Koch brothers’ fossil fuel processing company. We don’t know more about this. Why do we not know more about this? Be-cause Republicans in the Senate pro-tected Scott Pruitt from having to an-swer these questions during his con-firmation process. While he was busily helping raise dark money, dark money groups, in turn, came back and worked hard to help Pruitt get confirmed to the EPA. A Republican opposition research PAC called America Rising launched a pro- Pruitt ad campaign, and its dark money arm, America Rising Squared, funded confirmpruitt.com. A 501(c)(4) dark money entity ironically named Protecting America Now was created solely to help confirm Pruitt to the EPA. Its fliers asked for contributions ranging from $25,000 to $500,000. Just another grassroots group trying to get a good guy confirmed. Koch Industries’ own lobbying disclosure forms reveal it spent part of $3.1 million lobbying to confirm Scott Pruitt. In Trump’s science-denial Cabinet, Administrator Pruitt seems to see lit-tle reason to hide his anti-environment and Republican political interests. He has spoken at the Conservative Polit-ical Action Conference and the Amer-ican Farm Bureau board meeting. He attended rallies with coal miners against his own regulations and met with the National Mining Association’s executive committee ‘‘to lay out his concerns with the Paris accord’’ the day before the mining association voted to press President Trump to withdraw from that agreement. Administrator Pruitt planned to ap-pear as the keynote speaker at the Oklahoma Republican Party Gala on May 5. This invitation mentioned his official position as EPA Administrator three times. It featured this photo of him being sworn in as the EPA Admin-istrator. It promised donors a ‘‘once-in- a-lifetime opportunity to hear him dis-cuss his plans to slash regulations, bring back jobs to Oklahoma, and de-crease the size of the EPA.’’ Well, the 1939 Act to Prevent Pernicious Polit-ical Activities, more commonly known as the Hatch Act, forbids this, so I filed a Hatch Act complaint and Adminis-trator Pruitt’s appearance was can-celed. The Office of Special Counsel is now conducting a full investigation. But it wasn’t just there. He goes to other dinners. On February 28, 2017, Pruitt was a speaker at a RAGA major donors dinner. You know who major donors are by now. Days after the RAGA major donors dinner, Pruitt uni-laterally withdrew an EPA request for information from oil and gas producers about their methane emissions, citing a letter from nine members of RAGA and two Republican Governors, who al-leged the methane information request ‘‘furthers the previous administration’s climate agenda and supports . . . the imposition of burdensome climate rules on existing sites, the cost and ex-pense of which will be enormous.’’ There was no public comment period. There was no request for input from other States. This basically was a little party favor for his RAGA pals right after the RAGA dinner. This EPA Administrator has solic-ited thousands, if not millions, of dol-lars from corporations he now regu-lates. Our current ethics laws do not require nominees in the confirmation process to disclose their political and dark money connections, so the Senate and the public are kept blind to the conflicts of interest of such nominees, and we have no idea how those con-flicts would manifest in their offices. Pruitt knows who gave dark money to his political causes. The corporations know what dark money they gave. It is just the rest of us who are in the dark. This is new, and this is weird. This was not a problem for President Obama’s nominees because the dark money political tsunami that has swamped our politics in slime did not exist when President Obama was elect-ed. It was the Citizens United decision of 2010 that allowed unlimited political spending by big special interests, and that unlimited money found dark money channels. To address the gaping loophole in our Federal ethics laws, I have introduced the Conflicts from Political Fund-raising Act with Senators U
DALL , CAR-
PER, VANHOLLEN , and F RANKEN . This bill would require Presidentially ap-pointed Federal officials like Scott Pruitt to disclose their political fund-raising, and it would require Federal ethics officials to address these con-flicts by, for example, making sure of-ficials are recused from decisions af-fecting big political donors, making sure the public has the information to know they should ask for a recusal be-cause the director is conflicted by rea-son of his political relationship with big dark money donors. I wish the conflicts at EPA stopped with the Administrator, but they don’t. It is a swarm of swampy conflict over there. Pruitt has surrounded himself with political operatives and fossil fuel lobbyists. The Associate EPA Adminis-trator for Policy previously worked at RAGA, the Rule of Law Defense Fund, and something called the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce—a Koch brothers-funded dark money group that has underwritten the Rule of Law Defense Fund. EPA’s Senior Ad-viser for Regional and State Affairs came from Pruitt’s own fossil fuel- funded super PAC, Oklahoma Strong. The Assistant Administrator for Con-gressional and Intergovernmental Re-lations came from the oil company, the Hess Corporation. One Deputy Asso-ciate Administrator is the former president of the Ohio Coal Association. Another Deputy Associate Adminis-trator was a registered lobbyist at the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, where she specifically lob-bied against EPA’s Clean Power Plan and New Source Performance Stand-ard, the clean water rule, the ozone standard, EPA enforcement, pesticides bills, budget resolutions, and EPA ap-propriations bills. This corruption of EPA is the work of the fossil fuel industry. One day there must come a reckoning. Just this weekend, the New York Times reported ‘‘How Rollbacks at Scott Pruitt’s E.P.A. Are a Boon to Oil and Gas.’’ The article included a check-list of rollbacks that specifically ben-efit long-time Pruitt benefactor Devon Energy—the one that got the letter— delaying a rule raising royalties on fos-sil energy production on Federal land, undoing new fracking standards, roll-ing back rules on the leaking and flar-ing of methane, and rolling back re-porting of methane emissions. In another matter, Devon Energy had been preparing to pay a settlement of over $100,000 and to install emissions scrubbing equipment to remedy illegal emissions from a Wyoming natural gas facility. Five days after Pruitt was in-stalled at EPA, the company told offi-cials it was ‘‘re-evaluating its settle-ment posture,’’ offering a quarter of what it had previously proposed to set-tle the charges and scrapping the emis-sions controls entirely. They know their Administrator Pruitt. Pruitt’s record at EPA reveals he is unabashedly looking out for his indus-try donors at the expense of public health and the environment. As far as I can tell, every action he has taken since taking office will lead to an en-riched industry—at the expense of dirtier air and dirtier water—and a more imperiled climate. Myron Ebell is someone I don’t quote often. He is the head of President Trump’s EPA transition team and a prominent climate denier. He has something interesting to say about Scott Pruitt. He has said that he thinks Scott Pruitt is using EPA as a ‘‘stepping stone to political office’’ and that ‘‘everything he does is going to be a political calculation about what fur-thers his own political career.’’ This is not a liberal environmentalist making these accusations. This is somebody who is right in Scott Pru-itt’s climate denial wheelhouse. This is someone from the Trump science de-nial EPA destruction team. This is the guy who is in the club of fossil fuel- funded climate denial, and he thinks everything Pruitt does is a political calculation about what furthers Pru-itt’s own political career. If that is the case, everything Scott Pruitt does is a conflict of interest, as he sees regu-lated industry as the funders of his next political campaign. They pay for him now, and he delivers. Sadly, the people who own Pruitt also own Congress. So good luck get-ting an honest look at this mess from our fossil fuel-funded colleagues in the majority. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.038 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3092 May 23, 2017 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered, 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIEL J. M
CLAUGHLIN Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would like to take a few moments to ac-knowledge my friend, Mayor Daniel J. McLaughlin of the Village of Orland Park, in my home State of Illinois. There is no stronger advocate for the people of Orland Park than Dan McLaughlin. For more than three dec-ades, he has served his community with distinction. Dan began his service to Orland Park in 1983 as a village trustee. A decade later, he was elected mayor and would go on to serve for six terms. In 1995, Mayor McLaughlin created the Orland Park Open Lands program, which pre-served nearly 300 acres of open space, two family farms, and created the vil-lage’s nature center. In the same year, he completed the Orland Park Veterans Memorial. Each Memorial and Vet-erans Day, the village gathers at the memorial, Ara Pace—Place of Peace, at the Orland Park Village Center—and adds the names of veterans to the gran-ite wall surrounding the memorial. It is a wonderful tribute that allows resi-dents of Orland Park to thank those who bravely served our country. During his tenure, Mayor McLaughlin also brought the commu-nity together through an increase in village sponsored events and outdoor concerts. He believed in fitness for fun, and his leadership helped save the Orland Park Health and Fitness Cen-ter, created Centennial Park West, and expanded the aquatic center, which now includes ice skating, sledding, a dog park, and bicycle paths. His governing philosophy was simple, ‘‘plan for people not cars.’’ That vision led to a pedestrian-friendly center in the heart of downtown Orland Park in the historic 143rd train station, where people can come together to play and work. Throughout his career, Mayor McLaughlin grew Orland Park’s econ-omy by marketing the I–80 corridor, helping to bring in new businesses while retaining the ones already thriv-ing in the village. Mayor McLaughlin has been honored by numerous organizations, including the American Institute of Architects; Chaddick Institute; Chicago Magazine; Chicago Southland Convention & Visi-tors’ Bureau; Congress of New Urban-ism; Government Finance Officers As-sociation; Home Builders Association of Greater Chicago; Illinois Arts Coun-cil; Illinois Association of Chiefs of Po-lice; Metropolitan Mayors Caucus; Mo-raine Valley Community College; the Chicago Building Congress; the United States Conference of Mayors; and the United States Green Building Council— just to name a few. I want to thank Mayor McLaughlin for his commitment to the people of Orland Park. I especially want to thank Dan’s wife, Patricia McLaughlin, and four children— Bridget, Mary Kate, Dan, and Matt— for sharing so much of their husband and father with the Village of Orland Park. Now as he moves to the next chapter in his life, I wish him and his family all the best. 
f 
LIFESPAN RESPITE CARE REAUTHORIZATION ACT Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am pleased to be joined by my colleague from Wisconsin, Senator B
ALDWIN , in introducing the Lifespan Respite Care Reauthorization Act of 2017. Every day, an estimated 43 million family caregivers attend to loved ones who are experiencing chronic, disabling health conditions. While many of these individuals care for an older adult, al-most one-third of caregivers attend to persons under the age of 50. Caregivers help individuals remain at home, often delaying the need for nursing home or foster care placements. The value of their efforts are tremendous, amount-ing to more than $470 billion in uncom-pensated care. This task, however, can take a toll. Caregivers experience high-er mortality rates and are more likely to acquire acute and chronic health conditions. That is why respite care is so important. It provides temporary re-lief to caregivers from their ongoing responsibilities, reducing the toll they experience. Respite care helps keep caregivers healthy, keeps families in-tact, and provides a substantial public value. Recently, the Senate Aging Com-mittee, which I chair, held a hearing on age-friendly communities. Meg Callaway, the project director of the Piscataquis Thriving in Place Coali-tion in Dover-Foxcroft, ME, testified that ‘‘the one most critical service is respite.’’ We have heard this time and time again. In 2006, when the Lifespan Respite Care Act was originally enacted, the goal was to improve the delivery and quality of respite care available to all caregivers. Since that time, 35 States and the District of Columbia have re-ceived grants to increase the avail-ability and quality or respite services. Still, with an increasing number of Americans with chronic conditions who require some amount of caregiver sup-port on a daily basis, the need for res-pite care continues to increase and out-pace available resources. The legislation that we are intro-ducing would authorize $15 million per year for 5 years, through 2022, to ex-tend the program. Such funding would provide competitive grants to States to establish or enhance statewide Life-span Respite systems that maximize existing resources and help ensure that quality respite care is available and ac-cessible to all family caregivers. This reauthorization also would require grantees to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of programs and activi-ties funded under such grants. Thirty-six aging and disability orga-nizations have endorsed the Lifespan Respite Care Reauthorization Act, in-cluding the ARCH National Respite Network, the Alzheimer’s Association, the Michael J. Fox Foundation, and the Elizabeth Dole Foundation. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. f 
35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MAR-GARET CHASE SMITH LIBRARY Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, in 1973, when Senator Margaret Chase Smith returned to private life and her home-town of Skowhegan, ME, she brought with her hundreds of thousands of doc-uments, photographs, recordings, and memorabilia accumulated during her remarkable 33 years of public service. Nine years later, in 1982, with the sup-port and encouragement of her many friends and admirers, her dream of es-tablishing a library was realized. Today I wish to commemorate the 35th anniversary of the Margaret Chase Smith Library. The Margaret Chase Smith Library is one of our Nation’s premier free-standing congressional libraries, a priceless archive and museum, and an invaluable educational center. From the very start, it was Senator Smith’s wish for the library to be more than a storehouse of papers and a collection of mementos. She wanted it to be a place of aspirations, an institution where students would be inspired to public service. She wanted it to be a source of insight and information for historical scholarship from the perspective of a historic leader. Just as important, she wanted it to be a place where citizens would come together to discuss impor-tant policy issues in an atmosphere of civility and respect. Senator Smith did more than wish for those things; she worked to bring them about. From opening day in Au-gust of 1982 until shortly before her passing in 1995, she presided over the facility, meeting with schoolchildren, researchers, policymakers, and en-gaged citizens. The library as it exists today stands on the foundation of a great leader’s commitment to service. This great accomplishment is the work of many hands. Outstanding di-rectors, dedicated staff, an exceptional board of directors, Northwood Univer-sity, the Margaret Chase Smith Policy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.039 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3093 May 23, 2017 
Center at the University of Maine, the Margaret Chase Smith Foundation, and Senator Smith’s close friend and ad-viser, Merton Henry, have worked to-gether in a collaborative spirit that pays the highest tribute to Senator Smith and her legacy. That legacy is, above all, a reminder of the obligation we all share to uphold the values and ideals of our Nation. Thanks to the Margaret Chase Smith Library, that message remains strong. I congratulate its staff and many sup-porters on this 35th anniversary and know that this library will continue to inspire us for generations to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LONGFELLOW’S GREENHOUSE Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 40th anniversary of Longfellow’s Greenhouse of Man-chester, ME, a family-owned small business and a leader in the greenhouse industry. Longfellow’s Greenhouse opened dur-ing the winter of 1977. That year, with the help of their son, Scott, owners Lawrence and Mavis Longfellow built 12 large greenhouses and a retail shop on a meadow in Manchester. In the years that followed, the business flour-ished and expanded. Scott has been in-tegral to that success, applying the knowledge and expertise learned through his studies at the University of Maine at Orono and holding the posi-tions of grower and general manager up until this year. Today Scott’s son, Will, carries on the tradition as general manager. Over the course of four decades, the Longfellow family and their devoted employees have built more than a busi-ness. They have created a seasonal des-tination, especially in the spring and holidays, where families can gather to create gardens, landscapes, and tradi-tions filled with flowers, plants, and fond memories. In addition to pro-viding outstanding services and a great experience, they are widely known for giving back to the community through both their time and proceeds. Longfellow’s has helped create new ideas that enrich the gardening experi-ence for their customers, all the while placing a special emphasis on presen-tation and education by holding special events that offer demonstrations, lec-tures, and hands-on classes. Today Longfellow’s stands out with 21 greenhouses, where they produce 40,000 geraniums, 22,000 fall mums, 15,000 flowering hanging baskets, 75,000 perennials, and 25,000 poinsettias. Among the diverse flowers and plants they house are 800 varieties of perennials, 200 varieties of herbs and scented geraniums—over half of which are grown on site—more than 500 vari-eties of trees, shrubs, and vines, and 100 varieties of roses. Longfellow’s Greenhouse has set the standard for horticulture in Maine, and they have done so while promoting civic engagement and practicing hon-est and ethical business—all of which will continue to make it a special part of central Maine. Not only have they fostered a positive culture around gar-dening, but their efforts have also en-gaged the imagination of people of all ages. I am proud and honored to join with all those who are celebrating this achievement and recognizing their high quality of work on behalf of all Maine people. I thank them for their tremen-dous contributions to our State. f 
TRIBUTE TO RANDALL D. BOOKOUT Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute and offer my deep appreciation to Randy Bookout for his many years of dedicated service as a professional staff member on the Sen-ate Select Committee on Intelligence, SSCI. Randy joined the committee staff in October 1999 and served in var-ious capacities, most recently as the committee’s budget monitor for the Central Intelligence Agency, CIA. Dur-ing his almost 18 years with the com-mittee, Randy established a solid rep-utation of fairness and professionalism that was widely respected by members and staff, regardless of party, and offi-cials within intelligence community elements over which he conducted oversight. Randall D. Bookout joined the com-mittee after serving a 28-year career with the Army, retiring as a colonel in the infantry. His distinguished Army career included assignments as a com-pany commander in Korea and Panama and as an infantry battalion com-mander in Alaska. He served as a staff officer in the Office of the Army Chief of Staff and later as the senior military aide to Secretary of the Army Togo D. West, Jr. His last duty in the Army was as the Army’s Chief of Legislative Liai-son for the Senate from 1995–1999. Randy graduated with a bachelor of science degree from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Northern Colorado. He attended the Army’s War College at Carlisle Barracks, PA, as well as air-borne and Ranger training. Senator R
ICHARD SHELBY of Alabama, who often traveled with Colonel Bookout when he served as the Army chief liaison for the Senate, was chair-man of the SSCI in 1999 and asked Randy to interview for a nonpartisan staff job on the committee. Randy re-tired from the Army on a Friday and began work at SSCI the following Mon-day. As often was the case, Randy took to the challenge of this new role with a deep commitment, including long hours of study to learn an entire new encyclopedia of acronyms from the ones he knew after 28 years in the Army. Much of Randy’s work for the com-mittee must remain unspoken. I will simply say here that he has made sig-nificant contributions to this country’s national security and to the operations and activities of the CIA and the rest of the intelligence community. He knew the Agency in detail, seriously challenged it at times, and fiercely de-fended it at others. He forced changes that improved its operations, while at all times respecting its mission and, most importantly, respecting the women and men who worked there. In fact, one of Randy’s greatest traits and admirable qualities is that he cared not only for the organization, but genuinely cared about the individ-uals. His job was to focus on big pro-grams, run by hundreds if not thou-sands of people, worth hundreds of mil-lions of dollars, and affecting the lives of countless others. He did that over-sight job exceptionally well. He also saw and noticed each person who was a part of these big operations. Randy did what he could to help them perform their mission and to help them in their personal lives when something was amiss. For example, he helped a woman who served admirably for both the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation and the CIA, who unjustly lost her American citizenship. Randy helped get her legal resident status back. He helped an in-telligence official, who left government service due to health problems incurred in a war zone, get the retirement cere-mony he rightly deserved and was im-portant to him and his family. After every trip he took for the committee, he left a trail of handwritten thank you notes that traced his path. He not only never forgot the little guy, Randy knew their name. In the committee office, Randy al-ways represents the highest standard of professionalism and collegiality. He always took the time to mentor young staffers, was willing to share his knowledge on programs or activities, and has never shied away from a re-quest for assistance from a colleague. A fellow staff noted that Randy ‘‘treats colleagues, superiors and the most jun-ior staff member with respect and en-couragement. He treats the intel-ligence officials with whom we interact in the same manner. So many times I’ve seen him engage with junior offi-cers in challenging and remote settings at odd hours of the night, and his inter-est and enthusiasm for their work leaves them invigorated and inspired to do their work.’’ Staff have shared many interesting stories and traits about Randy. He is generally the first to arrive in the of-fice, around 5 to 6 a.m. For his 60th birthday, he ran an Iron Man triathlon. Colleagues talked about his love of travel, strange penchant for weird hats, participation in a Tough Mudder, and the particularly interesting fact that he and his family were chosen to be on the ‘‘Family Feud’’ TV show. They won. Staff also have noted his constant positive demeanor, even when addressing difficult and challenging issues, but, foremost, they noted his commitment to and pride in his family. After 46 years of serving his Nation, Randy will retire next week to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.035 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3094 May 23, 2017 
great State of North Carolina with his wife of 44 years, Cindi Bookout. He talks proudly and lovingly of her and their two children. Their son, LTC Josh Bookout, graduated from West Point and is currently serving his third tour in Afghanistan as a battalion commander. Their daughter, Whitney Corey, achieved a master’s degree in psychology and is currently in San Diego. Retirement will give Randy and Cindi well-deserved time to be grand-parents to their six wonderful grand-children: Cade, Brock, Colt, Ali, Chloe, and Ainsley. Let me close by again noting that Randy’s commitment to his mission, his colleagues, his family, and his country is unquestioned. I want to thank him for his energy, his intellect, his passion, and his efforts on my be-half and on behalf of the committee. I am certain that I can on the Senate floor here today also express the appre-ciation of the six chairmen and vice chairmen of the committee, all of whom Randy served, for his service and share our collective wish for great joy and happiness in the next stage of his life. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING RUTH’S REUSABLE RESOURCES ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the efforts of Ruth Libby and her work with Ruth’s Reusable Re-sources. Her organization operates in southern Maine and is dedicated to en-suring that students ranging from pre-school to 12th grade are adequately prepared with the basic tools of learn-ing. When Ruth Libby’s son was in kin-dergarten, she received a note from his teacher requesting household items such as egg cartons, meat trays, and juice can lids for use in craft projects. Ruth responded to this request in full force and went above and beyond by not only getting supplies to her son’s classroom, but also for other class-rooms in the school. As time went on, she began receiving, sorting, and stock-ing products donated by corporations, businesses, and individuals for use by local classrooms. Ruth started by de-livering these items to the school, and a few years later, she established a ‘‘storeroom’’ in her basement where teachers could come and ‘‘shop’’ at their convenience. With financial as-sistance from the Unum Group and a grant from the State of Maine Depart-ment of Education, Ruth was able to create a unique and effective nonprofit organization and relocate to the orga-nization’s current 21,000-square-foot warehouse and 7,000-square-foot teach-er store in Portland, ME. Since its inception in 1994, Ruth’s Re-usable Resources has provided more than $60 million worth of surplus fur-niture, paper, books, office supplies, and computers to nonprofits and schools. They have also received do-nated furniture, paper, books, office supplies, and computers from corpora-tions, businesses, and individuals across the State of Maine. In turn, Ruth’s Reusable Resources allows staff members of participating schools to ‘‘shop’’ for supplies at no charge. Ruth, together with a diverse group of hard- working volunteers, ranging from re-tired teachers, students, current teach-ers, corporate groups, retirees, court appointed volunteers, civic groups, col-legiate ministries, and many more, work to ensure that every Maine stu-dent is provided with the necessary supplies to succeed in school. Ruth’s Reusable Resources is a shin-ing example of what can happen when you have determination and a passion to make a difference. Ruth is an out-standing example of a hard-working Mainer who is making a difference in her community and across our State. She has played an instrumental role in providing resources for classrooms in Maine which has furthered the edu-cation of many students. Thank you. Ruth, for all you have already done for both the students and their teachers in communities throughout Maine. I look forward to following your continued success.∑ f 
170TH ANNIVERSARY OF CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I wish to offer my congratula-tions to Cliffs Natural Resources and its outstanding employees on the com-pany’s 170th anniversary. I am honored to celebrate this milestone with the largest and oldest independent iron ore mining company in the United States. In 1847, 11 men from Cleveland found-ed Cliffs Natural Resources to develop ore in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. Cliffs has since grown to be a leader in North American mining, employing thousands and providing U.S. steelmakers with world-class raw ma-terials. Mining has always been a way of life for families on Minnesota’s Iron Range, including my own. My grandfather worked 1,500 feet underground in the mines of Ely, MN. His generation helped build our Nation’s steel indus-try into the global power it is today. The Iron Range has the largest con-centration of iron ore in the United States. Right now, Minnesota is first in the Nation in the movement of iron ore, with more than 4,000 jobs associ-ated with the iron ore and steel indus-tries. Throughout our State’s history, iron ore mining has not only brought jobs to the region, it has also built our country, from our roads, bridges, build-ings, and railways, to the tanks and ships critical to our Nation’s defense. The Iron Range also supplied most of the iron used in World War II. In recent years, Cliffs has focused its energies on revitalizing iron ore mines and processing plants in the United States. In August of last year, Cliffs broke ground on a $75 million expan-sion at its United Taconite plant in Forbes, MN. I am proud to support companies like Cliffs that are com-mitted to creating jobs for Minneso-tans for generations to come. Cliffs is also well known for its commitment to corporate stewardship. From contrib-uting to building homes for families through Habitat for Humanity, to help-ing ensure children in need get a nutri-tious meal through United Way pro-grams, Cliffs has been committed to Minnesota families and communities. This 170th anniversary of Cliffs’ founding is a remarkable achievement. I am pleased to take this opportunity to congratulate Cliffs chairman, presi-dent, and chief executive officer Lourenco Goncalves and the employees of Cliffs on celebrating this occasion. Best wishes for much continued suc-cess.∑ f 
REMEMBERING SUE SHAFFER ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to honor a rare and wonderful individual known throughout Oregon and the Na-tion who passed away on April 11 at the age of 94. Chairman Sue Shaffer, of the Cow Creek Band of the Umpqua Tribe of Indians, lived a powerful life as a nonstop advocate for her family, her Tribe, and her community. As a moth-er, wife, daughter and friend, Sue cre-ated an atmosphere of energy, honesty, and kindness wherever she went. For Sue, no person or job was too big or too small to embrace. Sue was a descendant of one of the seven founding families of the Cow Creek Band of the Umpqua Tribe. She grew up during the Great Depression in rural Douglas County at a time when everything was scarce. Despite her family’s own struggle, their door was always open to neighbors in need of food or lodging, and they were always willing to support their community members. As she liked to recall, she grew up in a household where honesty, moral integrity, education, hard work, and helping others were all high prior-ities. For Sue and her family, life’s re-wards came from working hard and reaching out to others—and that is just what she did. Sue’s mother, Nellie Crispin, kept records of the Tribe’s heritage and passed down to her daughter the desire to fight for Tribal recognition. That vi-sion and determination drove Sue to play an instrumental role in con-vincing Congress to formally recognize the Tribe in 1982. In 1983, Sue Shaffer became chair of the newly restored Cow Creek Band of the Umpqua Tribe, and for nearly 30 years, she worked with her Tribe and the community and expanded the Tribe’s prominence by growing its economic footprint. Sue served as delegate to the Na-tional Congress of American Indians, delegate to the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, and delegate to In-dian Women’s Leadership White House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.036 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3095 May 23, 2017 
Conference, but her leadership in the community was not limited to the Tribe. Sue served on a myriad of boards in the community, including Umpqua Community College, becoming the first woman to chair the board. Throughout her life, Sue was also honored with many awards, including the 1999 Presi-dent’s Award for outstanding contribu-tion to community in economic devel-opment by the Roseburg Chamber of Commerce, 2000 Female Citizen of the Year award for ‘‘unselfish devotion and distinguished service’’ by the Roseburg Area Chamber of Commerce, and the Eleanor Roosevelt Award in 2003. She was inducted into the Hall of Fame at Umpqua Community College in June 1999 in recognition of the 17 years she served on the UCC board of trustees. Sue Shaffer was a dear friend, always known for being fair and never one to hesitate to ‘‘tell it like it is.’’ I will greatly miss Sue’s friendship and good counsel. She was a true dynamo whose eloquent and powerful advocacy helped right the long, tragic history of wrongs inflicted on the Cow Creek and other Tribes in Oregon. Sue gladly led on so many fronts to improve life for the Cow Creek Band of the Umpqua Tribe, create a better Douglas County and a better place for all of Oregon to enjoy. Her indelible legacy of achievement for our State and our Nation will live on to benefit generations to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
BUDGET OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—PM 8 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with accompanying reports and papers; which was referred jointly, pursuant to the order of Janu-ary 30, 1975, as modified by the order of April 11, 1986; to the Committees on the Budget; and Appropriations: To the Congress of the United States: On February 28, I spoke to a joint session of the Congress about what we need to do to begin a new chapter of American Greatness. I asked the Na-tion to look forward nine years and imagine the wonders we could achieve by America’s 250th anniversary of our Independence if we set free the dreams of our people by removing the barriers holding back our economic growth. This Budget’s defining ambition is to unleash the dreams of the American people. This requires laying a new foundation for American Greatness. Through streamlined Government, we will drive an economic boom that raises incomes and expands job oppor-tunities for all Americans. Faster eco-nomic growth, coupled with fiscal re-straint, will enable us to fully fund our national priorities, balance our budget, and start to pay down our national debt. Our moral commitment to replacing our current economic stagnation with faster economic growth rests on the following eight pillars of reform: Health Reform. We need to enable Americans to buy the healthcare they need at a price they can afford. To this end, we must repeal Obamacare and its burdensome regulations and mandates, and replace it with a framework that restores choice and competition. This will lower the cost of care so that more Americans can get the medical atten-tion they need. Additionally, Medicaid, which inadequately serves enrollees and taxpayers, must be reformed to allow States to manage their own pro-grams, with continued financial sup-port from the Federal Government. Tax Reform and Simplification. We must reduce the tax burden on Amer-ican workers and businesses, so that we can maximize incomes and economic growth. We must also simplify our tax system, so that individuals and busi-nesses do not waste countless hours and resources simply paying their taxes. Immigration Reform. We must re-form immigration policy so that it serves our national interest. We will adopt commonsense proposals that pro-tect American workers, reduce burdens on taxpayers and public resources, and focus Federal funds on underserved and disadvantaged citizens. Reductions in Federal Spending. We must scrutinize every dollar the Fed-eral Government spends. Just as fami-lies decide how to manage limited budgets, we must ensure the Federal Government spends precious taxpayer dollars only on our highest national priorities, and always in the most effi-cient, effective manner. Regulatory Rollback. We must elimi-nate every outdated, unnecessary, or ineffective Federal regulation, and move aggressively to build regulatory frameworks that stimulate—rather than stagnate—job creation. Even for those regulations we must leave in place, we must strike every provision that is counterproductive, ineffective, or outdated. American Energy Development. We must increase development of Amer-ica’s energy resources, strengthening our national security, lowering the price of electricity and transportation fuels, and driving down the cost of con-sumer goods so that every American individual and business has more money to save and invest. A con-sistent, long-term supply of lower-cost American energy brings with it a much larger economy, more jobs, and greater security for the American people. Welfare Reform. We must reform our welfare system so that it does not dis-courage able-bodied adults from work-ing, which takes away scarce resources from those in real need. Work must be the center of our social policy. Education Reform. We need to return decisions regarding education back to the State and local levels, while ad-vancing opportunities for parents and students to choose, from all available options, the school that best fits their needs to learn and succeed. To unleash the power of American work and creativity—and drive oppor-tunity and faster economic growth—we must reprioritize Federal spending so that it advances the safety and secu-rity of the American people. This Budget, therefore, includes $639 billion for the Department of Defense— a $52 billion increase from the 2017 annualized continuing resolution level. This increase will be offset by targeted reductions elsewhere. This defense funding is vital to rebuilding, modern-izing, and preparing our Armed Forces for the future so that our military re-mains the world’s preeminent fighting force and we can continue to ensure peace through strength. This Budget also increases funding to take care of our great veterans, who have served their country with such honor and dis-tinction. The Budget also meets the need to materially increase funding for border security, immigration enforcement, and law enforcement at the Depart-ments of Homeland Security and Jus-tice. These funding increases will pro-vide additional resources for a south-ern border wall, expanded detention ca-pacity, and initiatives to reduce vio-lent crime, as well as more immigra-tion judges, U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement officers, and Border Patrol agents. The Budget also invests significant resources in efforts to com-bat opioid abuse. In these dangerous times, our in-creased attention to public safety and national security sends a clear message to the world—a message of American strength and resolve. It follows through on my promise to focus on keeping Americans safe, keeping ter-rorists out of our Nation, and putting violent offenders behind bars. As this Budget returns us to eco-nomic prosperity, it will also allow us to fund additional priorities, including infrastructure, student loan reform, and initiatives to help working fami-lies such as paid parental leave. We will champion the hardworking tax-payers who have been ignored for too long. Once we end our economic stag-nation and return to robust growth, so many of our aspirations will be within reach. It is now up to the Congress to act. I pledge my full cooperation in ending the economic malaise that has, for too long, crippled the dreams of our people. The time for small thinking is over. As we look forward to our 250th year, I am calling upon all Members of Congress to join me in striving to do big and bold and daring things for our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.037 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3096 May 23, 2017 
We have it in our power to set free the dreams of our people. Let us begin. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 23, 2017. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:33 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 695. An act to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. H.R. 883. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a certification proc-ess for the issuance of nondisclosure require-ments accompanying certain administrative subpoenas, to provide for judicial review of such nondisclosure requirements, and for other purposes. H.R. 1188. An act to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and for other purposes. H.R. 1625. An act to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to in-clude severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards pro-gram of the Department of State, and for other purposes. H.R. 1842. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of vio-lence as grounds for an enhanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain information as required by Federal law, to include prior military offenses for purposes of recidivist sentencing provisions, and for other purposes. H.R. 1862. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions pertaining to unlawful sexual conduct, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 4003(e) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114– 255), and the order of the House of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Health Information Technology Advisory Committee: Mr. Patrick Soon-Shiong of Culver City, California. The message further announced that pursuant to section 1 of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board Act (2 U.S.C. 154), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker ap-points the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a 5-year term: Ambassador Richard Fredericks of San Francisco, California. The message also announced that pursuant to section 2(a) of the National Cultural Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76h(a)), amended by Public Law 107–117, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Mr. M
ACARTHUR of New Jersey. MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: H.R. 695. An act to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 883. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a certification proc-ess for the issuance of nondisclosure require-ments accompanying certain administrative subpoenas, to provide for judicial review of such nondisclosure requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. H.R. 1188. An act to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1625. An act to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to in-clude severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards pro-gram of the Department of State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 1842. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of vio-lence as grounds for an enhanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain information as required by Federal law, to include prior military offenses for purposes of recidivist sentencing provisions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1862. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions pertaining to unlawful sexual conduct, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1637. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Sec-retary of State (OSS–2017–0521); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1638. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the ex-port of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, and Saudi Arabia to support the assembly, modification, testing, training, operation, maintenance, and inte-gration of the Paveway II and II, Enhanced Paveway II and III, and Paveway IV Weapons Systems for the Royal Saudi Air Force, in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 16–043); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1639. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the ex-port of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Saudi Arabia to support the integration, installation, oper-ation, training, testing, maintenance, and repair of the FMU–152A/B Joint Program-mable Bomb (JPB) Fuze System in the amount of $14,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–011); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–1640. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the ex-port of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Saudi Arabia to support the integration, installation, oper-ation, training, testing, maintenance, and repair of the Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–132); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. *David L. Norquist, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller). *Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of De-fense. *Kari A. Bingen, of Virginia, to be a Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. *Robert Daigle, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, Department of Defense. *Robert Story Karem, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of De-fense. *Kenneth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Sean L. Murphy, to be Major General. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. John A. Okon and ending with Capt. Michael W. Studeman, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 21, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. Edward L. Anderson and ending with Capt. James P. Waters III, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 21, 2017. (minus 1 nominee: Capt. Peter G. Vasely) Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Brad-ford J. Shwedo, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Giovanni K. Tuck, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. James C. McConville, to be General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Stuart W. Risch, to be Major General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Thomas C. Seamands, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Col. Mark E. Black, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Matthew V. Baker, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Chris R. Gentry, to be Major General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Robert A. Karmazin, to be Major General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Marion Garcia, to be Major General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Joseph E. Whitlock, to be Major General. Army nomination of Col. Miguel A. Castellanos, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Windsor S. Buzza, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Randall V. Sim-mons, Jr., to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Michael D. Wickman, to be Brigadier General. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.005 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3097 May 23, 2017 
Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Carl A. Alex and ending with Brig. Gen. Brian E. Winski, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 24, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Col. Susan K. Arnold and ending with Col. Robert P. Huston, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 8, 2017. Army nomination of Col. Richard J. Lebel, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Todd W. Lewis, to be Brigadier General. Army nominations beginning with Col. George N. Appenzeller and ending with Col. Telita Crosland, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 8, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. Ste-ven R. Rudder, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Laura J. Richardson, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Charles N. Pede, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Phillip G. Sawyer, to be Vice Admiral. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. Brian D. Beaudreault, to be Lieutenant Gen-eral. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of James E. Thomp-son, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Johanna K. Ream, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Paul R. Aguirre and ending with Peter Law-rence Zalewski, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 10, 2017. Army nomination of Kalie K. Rott, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Norma A. Hill, to be Major. Army nomination of Frank C. Pescatello, Jr., to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Basim M. Younis, to be Major. Army nomination of Stanley F. Gould, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Scott W. Fisher, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Gary L. Beaty and ending with Michael A. M. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 24, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Daniel J. Convey and ending with Philip A. Horton, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 24, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Sophia Dalce and ending with Burke Lenz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 24, 2017. Army nomination of Dawn E. Elliott, to be Colonel. Army nomination of D012528, to be Lieu-tenant Colonel. Army nomination of Benjamin W. Hillner, to be Major. Army nomination of Celina S. Pargo, to be Major. Army nomination of Paul R. Ambrose, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with James L. Dungca and ending with Nathan S. Lanham, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 24, 2017. Army nomination of Charles R. Burnett, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Pablo F. Diaz, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Craig A. Nazareth, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Brian C. McLean, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Raymond C. Casteline, to be Major. Army nomination of Daniel J. Shank, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Christopher W. Degn, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Jason T. Kidder, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Tito M. Villanueva, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Philip J. Dacunto, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Stephen R. November, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Luisa Santiago, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Robert J. Bonner, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Mohamad El Samad, to be Major. Army nomination of Lana J. Bernat, to be Major. Army nomination of Patrick K. Sullivan, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Derek L. Adams and ending with James M. Yates, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 10, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Rodney Abrams and ending with D010081, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 10, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Chris-tine N. Adams and ending with Charlette K. Woodard, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 10, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Mark S. Jimison and ending with Shawn P. Wonderlich, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of Jason G. Lacis, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Kevin J. Good-win, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Javier E. Vega, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Sergio L. Sandoval, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of Michael S. Stevens, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of Patrick J. Mullen, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Raymond L. Adams and ending with Douglas S. Woodhams, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 10, 2017. Navy nomination of Susan M. McGarvey, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Sheila I. Almendras- Flaherty, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Adrian D. Ragland, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Christopher R. Desena, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Kenneth L. Demick, Jr., to be Captain. Navy nomination of Michael C. Bratley, to 
be Captain. Navy nomination of Evan M. Colbert, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Luciana Sung, to be Captain. Navy nomination of William A. Schultz, to be Captain. Navy nomination of William L. McCoy, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Chris F. White, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Karl M. Kingry, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Michael A. Polito, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Raymond J. Carlson, Jr., to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Christopher M. Allen, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Aaron L. Witherspoon, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of John E. Fritz, to be Captain. By Mr. CRAPO for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. *Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes. *Heath P. Tarbert, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. *Mira Radielovic Ricardel, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration. *Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, Department of the Treasury. *Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 1202. A bill to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School Na-tional Historic Site, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. 1203. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program under which the Admin-istrator shall defer the designation of an area as a nonattainment area for purposes of the 8-hour ozone national ambient air qual-ity standard if the area achieves and main-tains certain standards under a voluntary early action compact plan; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 1204. A bill to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emer-gency suspensions of post offices in accord-ance with certain procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1205. A bill to authorize the establish-ment of American Dream Accounts; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OL-
LINS): S. 1206. A bill to ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of cer-tain echinoderms; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.008 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3098 May 23, 2017 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 1207. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 with respect to the application of the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule to certain farms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 1208. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may elect to have the United States Postal Service use the Hold for Pick-up service or the Signature Confirmation service in delivering the document, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M AR-
KEY): S. 1209. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amount of spe-cial pension for Medal of Honor recipients, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health coverage. 
S. 59 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 59, a bill to provide that silencers be treat-ed the same as long guns. 
S. 196 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 196, a bill to provide for a Public Health Emergency Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 203, a bill to reaffirm that the Environ-mental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 374 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 374, a bill to enable concrete ma-sonry products manufacturers to estab-lish, finance, and carry out a coordi-nated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete ma-sonry products. S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month wait-ing period for disability insurance ben-efits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 470 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 470, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to enhance the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit and make the credit fully re-fundable. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 602 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 602, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-clude automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as section 179 property and classify certain automated fire sprin-kler system retrofits as 15-year prop-erty for purposes of depreciation. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Ad-ministration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. S. 778 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 778, a bill to require the use of prescription drug monitoring programs and to facilitate information sharing among States. 
S. 782 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 782, a bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Internet Crimes Against Chil-dren Task Force Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 798 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 798, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the Yellow Ribbon G.I. Education Enhance-ment Program to apply to individuals pursuing programs of education while on active duty, to recipients of the Ma-rine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and to programs of edu-cation pursued on half-time basis or less, and for other purposes. 
S. 829 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 829, a bill to reauthorize the Assist-ance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 896 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 896, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 912 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 912, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a free on-line tax preparation and filing serv-ice and programs that allow taxpayers to access third-party provided tax re-turn information. 
S. 926 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 926, a bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to es-tablish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 976 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 976, a bill to restore States’ sovereign rights to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws, and for other purposes. 
S. 989 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.009 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3099 May 23, 2017 
(Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 989, a bill to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to provide for the participation of pediatric subspecialists in the Na-tional Health Service Corps program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-pand access to telehealth services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1073 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1073, a bill to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance. 
S. 1094 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1094, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1113 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1113, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. S TRANGE , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1126, a bill to prohibit certain Federal funds from being available to sanctuary jurisdictions that refuse to cooperate with the Federal Govern-ment on immigration matters or re-taliate against border security contrac-tors, and for other purposes. 
S. 1136 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1136, a bill to improve the structure of the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. CRAPO ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 1182, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemora-tive coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. 
S. RES. 106 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 106, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate to support the ter-ritorial integrity of Georgia. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 1202. A bill to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, Sep-tember will mark the 60th anniversary of the Little Rock Nine, the nine Afri-can-American students who enrolled in the then-all-white Little Rock Central High School in 1957. Ask anyone who lived through the crisis, and they will tell you they remember it vividly. They may not have been there in per-son, but they remember the photos, those searing images of an angry mob, the stoic students, the bayoneted troops, all gathering in a high school, of all places. Perhaps the most searing image is of Elizabeth Eckford, one of the nine who was then only 15 years old. She didn’t get word that the other students were going as a group. She went alone in a simple black-and-white dress she had made just for the occasion. The mob baited her, menaced her, cursed her, some threatened to lynch her. She later said of her walk to the school’s entrance: ‘‘It was the longest block I’ve ever walked in my whole life.’’ I think it is of the highest impor-tance that we preserve their story and share it with our kids. It is a reminder of pretty sad times in our history and, more important, of the courage shown by nine young Arkansans, who helped our State and our Nation overcome deep-seated prejudices by appealing to the better angels of our nature. We preserve historic battlefields like Yorktown and Gettysburg because we want our children to know what it took to gain and keep our freedom—the sac-rifices made, the hardships endured. Equally important is preserving his-toric sites like Central High, where our citizens began the long road to freedom from oppression and intolerance. That is why we made Central High School a historic site years ago, though with one oversight. There are seven homes across the street from the school. Their exteriors were in many of the pictures that are now so famous. There has long been a movement to preserve those exteriors so future gen-erations will be able to see Central High exactly as it looked when the Lit-tle Rock Nine arrived to school. I am proud to say that today I am in-troducing a bill with three of my col-leagues—the senior Senator of Vermont PATLEAHY , Congressman F
RENCH HILLof Little Rock, and civil rights legend Congressman J
OHN L
EWIS—that would do just that. It would extend the boundary of the Cen-tral High historical site to include these seven homes. It would add about an acre and a half to the park, although I should say this bill would not authorize the Federal Government to take ownership of the homes and wouldn’t allow the National Park Service to buy them in the fu-ture. Instead, it would simply encour-age the homeowners and National Park Service to work together to preserve these homes so future generations could see them and learn from them. That is one reason our bill has the sup-port of the homeowners, the Central High Neighborhood Association, and my State’s historic preservation advo-cacy group, Preserve Arkansas. All three have written to me to express support for the bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have their letters printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CENTRAL HIGHNEIGHBORHOOD INC. May 16, 2017. U.S. Senator T
OMCOTTON , ATTN: Lisa Harst, Washington DC. D
EAR SENATOR COTTON : On behalf of the Central High Neighborhood, Inc. (CHNI), I would like to express support for your pro-posed legislation that would move the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site to include seven properties across the street from the high school. CHNI is proud to support this initiative, which would recognize the historical signifi-cance of seven homes located on the 1400 and 1500 blocks of Park Street. The boundary ad-justment encourages proper care and preser-vation of these homes by allowing property owners, on a case by case basis, to enter into cooperative agreements with the National Park Service. CHNI understands that property owners will maintain rightful ownership and that the Park Service has no intention to pur-chase the homes neither now, nor in the fu-ture. CHNI would like to thank you for your work on this very important issue and hopes you will remain engaged with us as your bill advances through the legislative process. Sincerely, W
HITNEY PATTERSON , President, on behalf of Central High Neigh-borhood, Inc. P
RESERVE ARKANSAS , May 4, 2017. Ms. L
ISAB. H ARST , Legislative Assistant, U.S. Senator Tom Cotton, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HARST : My name is Rachel Pat-ton, and I am the executive director of Pre-serve Arkansas, Arkansas’s statewide his-toric preservation advocacy group. On behalf of our board of directors, I am writing to support the proposed expansion of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site boundary to include the seven homes across the street from the high school. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.011 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3100 May 23, 2017 
simple boundary adjustment will encourage the preservation of the seven historic homes in the 1400 and 1500 blocks of Park Street and allow homeowners, on a case by case basis, to enter cooperative agreements with the National Park Service while retaining pri-vate property ownership. We feel that this is an important step in the right direction for the Central High School Neighborhood Historic District as a whole. Please let me know if I may provide further assistance with this initiative. Sincerely, R
ACHEL PATTON , Executive Director. 
From: Patricia McGraw. Subject: Washington Heritage House. To Whom It May Concern: City Officials D
EAR MS. HARST : We, the owners of the properties, addresses listed above, located di-rectly across Park Street in front of the fa-mous and renowned educational facility, Lit-tle Rock Central High School, wish to ex-press our gratitude and appreciation of all that you do for our neighborhood, our city, and our state, particularly in learning that the National Park Service wishes to expand their boundaries to include our seven houses. It is our belief that our houses add to the beauty and dignity of the structural and en-vironmental beauty, dignity, and grace to this area of Little Rock. In that we are greatly interested in the continuous celebrated dignity of this site, we are very supportive of direction to expand upon this historic city development, and we appreciate our being included in this signifi-cant idea. Please continue to keep us abreast of new developments and ideas which we in-tend to implement as wished by the city offi-cials, and intend to seek funding to make this dream of our foreparents to come true. Thanks again for including us, and please take care of yourselves and our city. Love and Deep Appreciation For All That You Do: Sincerely, D
R. PATRICIA WASHINGTON  M
CGRAW, M
RS. GRACE BLAGDON , O
THER CONCERNED OWNERS . 
Mr. COTTON. There is widespread agreement in the community and in our State that this site is not just a part of Arkansas’ history, it is a part of our national heritage. Central High stands as a reminder of an article Billy Graham published dur-ing the crisis, ‘‘No Color Line in Heav-en.’’ It was a hard-won lesson and one I think we should do everything we can to pass on to the next generation. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the majority and minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in open session, to receive testimony on worldwide threats. COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 10 a.m., to conduct an executive session to vote on the following nominations: Ms. Sigal Mandelker, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, U.S. Department of the Treasury; Ms. Mira Radielovic Ricardel, to be Under Sec-retary for Export Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce; Mr. Mar-shall Billingslea, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Terrorist Financing, U.S. Department of the Treasury; and Mr. Heath Tarbert, to be Assistant Sec-retary, U.S. Department of the Treas-ury. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017 from 2:15 p.m.–4 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Building to hold a closed member briefing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
The Subcommittee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in closed session, to re-ceive a briefing on Navy readiness challenges, emerging threats, and the requirements underpinning the 355- Ship Force Structure Objective. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SPACE , SCIENCE AND  
COMPETITIVENESS  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The Committee will hold a Sub-committee Hearing on ‘‘Reopening the American Frontier: Exploring How the Outer Space Treaty Will Impact Amer-ican Commerce and Settlement in Space.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CLEAN AIR AND NUCLEAR  
SAFETY  
The Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety of the Committee on Environment and Public Works is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Making Implemen-tation of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ground-Level Ozone Attainable: Legislative Hearing on S. 263 and S. 452.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON BORDER SECURITY AND  
IMMIGRATION  
The Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration, is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Building America’s Trust Through Border Security: Progress on the Southern Border.’’ f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 24; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consider-ation of the Sullivan nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator D
URBIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Democratic whip. 
f 
MANCHESTER ATTACK Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me say at the outset that I offer my condo-lences to the families and friends of those who were killed or injured in last night’s despicable attack at a concert in Manchester, England. Details are still coming in, but this looks like an act of terror in the heart of one of our key European allies. America is joining with the people of Great Britain in ex-pressing our sorrow and sadness over the loss of these lives and the injuries that were sustained. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on a sep-arate note, it has been more than 5 months since the intelligence agencies in the United States reached a solid consensus on a critical issue. The agen-cies presented to the American people 5 months ago their damning assessment that Russia actively tried to interfere in our last Presidential election to help elect someone they thought would be a better friend to the Russian interests. I think it is important to recall some of the key findings by our own intel-ligence agencies on a virtually unani-mous basis. They said: 
Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election represent the most re-cent expression of Moscow’s longstanding de-sire to undermine the U.S.-led liberal demo-cratic order, but these activities dem-onstrate a significant escalation in direct-ness, level of activity, and scope of effort compared to previous operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.019 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3101 May 23, 2017 
We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election. 
Our intelligence agencies went on to say: 
Russia’s goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, deni-grate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency. We further assess that Putin and the Russian government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump. Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the U.S. presidential election to future influence ef-forts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their election processes. 
We have never seen anything like this in our history—nothing. What Vladimir Putin did—or tried to do—is staggering, momentous, and something we should not ignore. A foreign adver-sary intentionally manipulating Amer-ica’s democracy and election to try to get a result friendly to Russia but not consistent with American public opin-ion—that was his goal. The dictionary defines an act of war as ‘‘an act of aggression by a country against another with which it is nomi-nally at peace.’’ Was the Russia attack on our elec-tion an act of war? Is sure seems close to the definition. At a minimum, it was an act of cyber war against America and an attack on our democracy. It should not go unanswered. Troublingly, there have been few answers forth-coming from this President and this Congress. What did the White House and the majority party in Congress do to re-spond to this act of cyber war to pro-tect against any future attacks? Vir-tually nothing. As more and more questions have emerged about possible collusion between the Trump campaign and these Russian actions against our election, possible Russian money, and the President’s business interests, and troubling ties between those close to Trump and the Russians, this Presi-dent has instead been trying to endear himself to the Russians, incredibly. That is right. On May 10, he had a closed meeting with the Russian For-eign Minister and Ambassador in which the President reportedly boasted about sensitive intelligence and—this is truly incredible—also boasted about firing our Nation’s FBI Director to relieve the ‘‘great pressure’’ on him over the Russia investigation. In fact, he reportedly told the Rus-sians: 
I just fired the head of the FBI. He was crazy, a real nut job . . . I faced great pres-sure because of Russia. That’s taken off . . . I’m not under investigation. 
That is the end of the attributed quote to the President of the United States. Let that sink in for a moment. The President of the United States was bragging to the same people who at-tacked our election and democracy that he had fired the top law enforce-ment officer investigating that attack. That is incredible, both for its obvious appearance of obstruction of justice but also for what should have so obvi-ously been said in that meeting in-stead. President Trump, instead of a frivo-lous exchange with a dictatorial re-gime that attacked our Nation, should have had as his first message to the Russians the obvious: Do not ever interfere in our elections or those of our allies again or you will face serious consequences—end of meeting. Then the President should have come out and related this conversation to the American press and to the Amer-ican people. Instead, the President let the Rus-sians bring their own official photog-rapher from the TASS Soviet news agency into the Oval Office and—get this—excluded all of the American press—just the friendly Russian cam-eras. Then, the Russians gleefully sent out victory tweets of the President’s warm and friendly greeting. This is totally upside down. Yet it only gets worse. Stunningly, it was just revealed Monday night that Presi-dent Trump asked two of the Nation’s top intelligence officials in March to help him push back against the FBI in-vestigation into possible collusion be-tween his campaign and the Russian Government. The Washington Post reported that President Trump made separate ap-peals to the Director of National Intel-ligence, Dan Coats, and the Director of the National Security Agency, Admiral Mike Rogers. Coats and Rogers both rightly refused to comply with Presi-dent Trump’s request, properly deemed as an inappropriate request from the President of the United States to lead-ers of our intelligence-gathering com-munity. I applaud the respect of these two men for our democratic norms and system of government and the rejec-tion of the President’s reckless, selfish request. This is breathtaking—an American President running from the Russians to our Nation’s top law enforcement agen-cy to our intelligence community, bizarrely pleading innocence on a mat-ter of grave national security and try-ing to undermine ongoing investiga-tions. Former CIA General Counsel Jeffrey Smith said Trump’s deeply troubling effort is an echo of President Nixon’s ‘‘unsuccessful effort to use the CIA to shut down the FBI’s investigation of the Watergate break-in on national se-curity grounds’’ and, in his words, these actions were ‘‘an appalling abuse of power.’’ I had argued that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein should either appoint a special counsel to look at the allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians or tender his resignation. I said this after he was set up by the Trump adminis-tration to write a memo explaining the firing of James Comey as Director of the FBI and giving as his reason to pro-tect the honor and integrity of Hillary Clinton during the campaign. That was a laughable assertion. Rosenstein wrote it. For at least 24 hours, that was the official line from the Trump White House. Then, there was the Lester Holt interview on NBC, and the President came out and said: I wanted to get rid of him months ago; I wanted to put an end to this Russian thing. I am pleased that Mr. Rosenstein made the right decision when he ap-pointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to fill the special counsel role. Back in the year 2001, that ominous year of 9/11, I first met Robert Mueller. He was the Director of the FBI. We worked together on some important issues relative to the FBI. I came to re-spect him very much. He is a decorated veteran of the Vietnam war, where he served as an officer in the Marine Corps, a former Federal judge, a man of the opposite political faith, but a man who clearly loves his country above party, whenever he is asked. He is a man who has not only risen to the challenge of public service but who has excelled to the point where his term as Director of the FBI was extended—a rarity around Washington and, cer-tainly, on a bipartisan basis almost un-thinkable these days. But it happened with Robert Mueller. It happened be-cause he is smart, he is principled, and he loves his country, and we know it. I don’t think Rod Rosenstein could have chosen a better person. I don’t know if I will ultimately agree with his investigation of this critical issue, but I will respect his findings, whatever they may be, be-cause I know that they are heartfelt, sincere, and principled. While this special counsel investiga-tion will be critical, it is not a sub-stitute, however, for continued con-gressional action, as well, as some have suggested or perhaps hoped. I know the Senate Intelligence Committee is ac-tively pursuing this matter, and I sa-lute them for that effort, but I think we need to think about more. We need to think about an independent commis-sion—a bipartisan, transparent com-mission—to deal with policy questions. For instance, what are we going to face from the Russians in the next election? What did we learn in the last election to protect ourselves? The special counsel is going to focus on whether crimes were committed, but I am deeply concerned that there may be matters related to Russia’s at-tack that may not involve crimes themselves but should be made public to the American people. It is Congress’s responsibility, just as it was after the September 11 tragedy, to make sure the American people know as much as possible in a democracy. That is how it works. Former Watergate investigator Scott Armstrong made this point in an op-ed in Sunday’s New York Times. He point-ed out how a select congressional com-mittee and a special prosecutor over-came partisan and jurisdictional con-flicts to get to the truth during Water-gate. He noted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.041 S23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3102 May 23, 2017 
A mature special prosecutor and a well-led congressional inquiry can coordinate over issues like witness immunity. Congress can creatively expand its witness list beyond prosecution targets and fill in critical de-tails from satellite witnesses . . . If the com-mittee is aggressive and truly bipartisan, it can not only educate and reassure the public, but also legislate solutions to prevent future abuses. 
There are a lot of parallels between the Watergate era and what we face today, but, sadly, one major difference from the Nixon era to the Trump era is the willingness of members of the President’s own party to stand up and speak out. Back in Nixon’s day, there came a moment when a handful of Senators from this Chamber changed history, and one of them was Barry Goldwater. He met with President Nixon and he said: There are only so many lies you can take, and now there has been one too many. Hugh Scott of Pennsylvania joined him, as well as another Republican— John Rhodes, a Republican leader in the House. They made it clear to Presi-dent Nixon that what he had done was unacceptable by any standard and they would no longer stand by him. It took courage for them to do that. The Presi-dent saw the writing on the wall, and he resigned. We are looking for similar leadership today from both sides of the aisle—not just Democrats but Republicans as well—to stand up and defend our de-mocracy from Putin’s interference. There have been months of relative inaction. It is clear that the President is not going to stand up to Russia. It is time for all of us—Democrats and Re-publicans in Congress—to act for the good of this Nation and get to the truth of what happened and make sure Russia can never do this to our democ-racy again. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Trump administration released its fis-cal year 2018 budget this morning. For all the talk on the campaign trail of standing up for the forgotten Ameri-cans in this country, the President’s budget takes aim at the exact pro-grams that many rely on. From healthcare and food stamps to student loans and disability, President Trump’s budget is nothing less than an assault on seniors, low-income Americans, children, and the disabled. The President’s budget calls for more than $3.6 trillion in cuts to Federal spending over the next 10 years, with more than $1 trillion of these cuts com-ing from some of the most vital pro-grams in our Nation’s social safety net. Nothing is more essential to our Na-tion’s low-income, disabled, and elderly Americans than Medicaid and the Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram, known as SNAP. But the Presi-dent’s budget slashes more than $600 billion from Medicaid, despite the President’s repeated promises on the campaign trail to protect the program. More than 3 million people in my State—20 percent of the people who live there—currently depend on the Medicaid Program for healthcare, in-cluding 1.5 million children and more than 300,000 seniors and disabled peo-ple. The budget cuts $193 billion from SNAP by making it harder for people to qualify for this assistance in putting food on the table. Forty-four million children, disabled, and low-income peo-ple around the country accessed food through the SNAP program last year. Also weakened in the President’s budget is the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families block grant that helps States provide financial assistance to families who are literally struggling to survive. And the budget cuts about 20 percent of funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, providing health insurance for poor children. Isn’t that incredible? The President doesn’t believe that is a priority— health insurance for poor children. It is often said that the President’s budget reflects our values, and this budget shows that President Trump clearly values tax cuts for the upper in-come individuals in America over the lives of poor and middle-class Ameri-cans. The President’s budget also includes historic cuts in nondefense discre-tionary spending. Over the next 10 years, President Trump proposes to cut domestic spending so significantly that spending on defense would exceed spending on domestic priorities by al-most $300 billion. To pay for an in-crease in defense spending and to build his big, beautiful wall, the President would slash funding from programs es-sential to hard-working Americans— programs that support affordable hous-ing, home heating bills, Meals on Wheels, student loans, clean drinking water, preserving the Great Lakes, early childhood education, and infra-structure. Even medical research is on the Trump chopping block. President Trump has proposed cutting one-fifth of the budget for the National Insti-tutes of Health, including $1 billion from the National Cancer Institute. President Obama, with Vice President Biden, with strong bipartisan support, put together a moonshot—a Cancer Moonshot—to do something significant in cancer research. President Trump’s budget virtually eliminates it. NIH has helped cut U.S. cancer death rates by 11 percent in women and 19 percent in men. It has helped ensure HIV/AIDS is no longer a death sen-tence. It contributed to the near eradi-cation of polio and smallpox, but make no mistake, these changes didn’t just happen. They occurred because of sus-tained Federal investment in medical research. I salute my colleague on the other side of the aisle, ROYBLUNT , the Ap-propriations subcommittee chair when it comes to NIH. For 2 straight years now, 2 fiscal years, he has given more than 5 percent real growth in NIH spending. I have praised him on the floor and back home and publicly over and over again. That Republican Sen-ator, and many Democratic Senators, stood together because we believe in medical research. The Trump budget does not. We cannot afford these devastating cuts, and we can’t afford to sit on our hands and face the millions of families across America who count on us to have the right priorities. Clearly, the President’s budget is far from a new foundation for American greatness. This budget would have a devastating impact on Americans most in need of a helping hand, on everything from healthcare to food access, to quality education and affordable housing. They always say the President’s budget is dead on arrival. This budget, I hope, will be dead on arrival. It doesn’t deserve the light of day or a breath of life. We need to come together, as we did in this year’s budget, on a bipartisan basis, order the priorities that America sent us to prioritize, and then work to-gether to pass it. I hope it is done on a bipartisan basis. That is what America wants, both parties to work together. We can do it. We did it for this fiscal year. We can do it for the next, but our first step in reaching an agreement is to make sure there is a sound rejection of President Trump’s budget. His budg-et will not make America great again. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:18 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, May 24, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.042 S23MYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE697 May 23, 2017 
FORT MYERS HIGH SOFTBALL TEAM—FIRST STATE TITLE 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Fort Myers High School’s softball team and their first state championship in program history. The Green Wave struck a decisive victory over the Niceville Eagles by a margin of 7–1. This tri-umph merely closes an already excellent year for the high school’s athletic program where they collectively won two team state titles and six individual championships. All this was done while maintaining excellent academic stand-ards. I congratulate the Fort Myers Green Wave and Head Coach Johnny Manetta for this most cherished win. We look forward to seeing what this young team will accomplish in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE PHILADELPHIA ORCHESTRA 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and proud Philadel-phian. Today, the world famous Philadelphia Or-chestra departs for a three country tour of Asia. In these uncertain times as my col-leagues and I focus on East Asia, I think we can all agree that the Philadelphia Orchestra is a critical tool in the diplomatic toolbox. Working with our diplomats at the Depart-ment of State and with Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf’s Department of Community and Economic Development, over 150 Pennsyl-vania musicians, non-profit and business lead-ers will travel to China, Mongolia and Korea. In China, they will celebrate 45 years since President Richard Nixon and Secretary Henry Kissinger personally requested that they open bilateral relations for our two countries. They will engage in innovative people to people di-plomacy. In Mongolia, they will celebrate 30 years of U.S.–Mongolia bilateral relations. They are the first western orchestra to visit this proud de-mocracy who often labels the United States its ‘‘third neighbor.’’ I was honored when the President of Mongolia visited Philadelphia in September 2016. The trip to Korea has taken on added im-portance this year. The delegation will include proud Korean Americans who are constituents of mine. Philadelphia and Incheon are Sister Cities. My district is home to a vibrant Korean- American community that has made success-ful contributions to the area. Large public con-certs and events in Korea will demonstrate for the world to see the unbreakable bond be-tween our two countries. As we focus our attention on the geopolitics of East Asia, I think we can all agree that this tour could not come at a more important time. f 
16TH DISTRICT CONGRESSIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AWARDS 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to law enforcement men and women who have provided distinctive service to the people of Florida’s 16th Congressional District. Law enforcement is a demanding profession that requires sacrifice, courage and a dedica-tion to serve others. Every day, brave men and women put themselves in harm’s way to enforce the laws of our society and protect public safety. They deserve our gratitude and respect. Six years ago, I established the 16th District Congressional Law Enforcement Awards, CLEA, to give special recognition to law en-forcement officers, departments, or units for exceptional achievement. This year, I will present congressional law enforcement awards to the following winners chosen by an independent panel comprised of current and retired law enforcement personnel rep-resenting a cross-section of the district’s law enforcement community: Officer Jason Nuttall of the Bradenton Police Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Captain John Walsh, Captain Debra Kaspar, Lieutenant Jon Varley, Community Affairs Di-rector Kaitlyn Perez, Deputy Phillip Mockler, Detective Tim Speth and Investigator Lynn Thomson of the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Of-fice will receive the Dedication and Profes-sionalism Award. Detective Richard Wilson of the Palmetto Police Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Officer Alan Bores of the Holmes Beach Po-lice Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Detective James Warren of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office will receive the Dedica-tion and Professionalism Award. Sergeant Robert Armstrong of the Sarasota Police Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Deputy Kevin Smetana of the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office will receive the Dedica-tion and Professionalism Award. Master Sergeant George Taunton of the Florida Highway Patrol will receive the Career Service Award. Troopers Caleb Kerr and Brett Fitzpatrick of the Florida Highway Patrol will receive the Preservation of Life Award. Sergeant Patrick Roberts of the Florida Highway Patrol will receive the Above and Be-yond the Call of Duty Award. Pastor Patrick Miller, Pastor Vincent Smith, Doctor Harriet Moore, Geoffry Gilot and Al- Muta Hawks all affiliated with the Boys and Girls Club of Sarasota will receive the Asso-ciate Service Award. The Manatee County Special Investigations Division will receive the Unit Citation Award. The members of this unit are: Major William Jordan, Captain Todd Shear, Lieutenant An-thony Carr, Division Secretary Toni Burton, Administrative Assistant Cindy Hoffman, Ser-geant Jason Powell, Detective James Parrish, Detective Kim Zink, Detective Greg Dunlap, Detective Mike Diaz, Bruce Benjamin (Crime Stoppers), Amber Hoffman (Manager), Erica Chenard (UCR Coordinator), Criminal Analyst Ashley Eannarino, Criminal Analyst Elicia Main, Intel Analyst Don Brown, Criminal Ana-lyst John Ferrito, Intel Analyst Elizabeth Thom-as, Sergeant Evelio Perez, Detective Joseph Petta, Detective Justin Warren, Detective Derek Pollock, Detective Eric Davis, Detective Ray Richter, Detective Patrick Thames, Detec-tive Scott Williamson, Sergeant Gary Combee, Detective William Freel, Detective Maria Gillum, Detective Bryce Wilhelm, Detective Jonathan Kruse, Sergeant Steve Barron, De-tective Randall Walker, Detective Brian Beck, Detective Shayne Rousseau, Detective Jer-emy Martin, Detective Robert Brigham, Ser-geant Isaac Redmond, Detective Rafael Ortegon, Detective Christopher Gallagher, De-tective Joel Taylor, Detective David Bocchino, and Detective Lourdes Santiago. 
f 
THIN BLUE LINE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 18, 2017 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 115, the Thin Blue Line Act. This bill unnecessarily expands the federal death penalty, and does not further the laud-able goal of bringing justice to the law en-forcement officers who make the ultimate sac-rifice for our safety and security. The United States is in the minority of coun-tries that still use the death penalty, and Americans’ opposition to it has increased in recent decades, particularly as social sci-entists better understand the disparate effects of the death penalty on minority populations. A sentence of death is disproportionately used in cases involving defendants of color. According to U.S. Department of Justice, in 2011, 41.7 percent of all death row inmates were African American, despite only making up 13.1 per-cent of the population. Furthermore, since 1973, 159 people who were sentenced to death were later exonerated. There is no doubt that innocent individuals have been put to death in the United States—a fact that must 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MY8.001 E23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE698 May 23, 2017 
not be ignored in a country that values justice under the law. I greatly respect and appreciate our law en-forcement community. Local police, fire-fighters, and first responders put their lives on the line every single day to protect people in Oregon and across the country. Those crimi-nals who target and murder police officers have no place in our society. Nothing in cur-rent law prevents those individuals from being prosecuted to the highest extent of the law, and to receive a sentence of death. Under current law, there are 16 aggravating factors that can be considered during criminal sen-tencing, and the federal government can al-lege the targeting or killing of a law enforce-ment officer—federal, state, or local—as an aggravating factor when considering the death penalty. This bill creates a 17th aggravating factor that is duplicative of existing law. I will continue to do all I can to support our law enforcement officers, particularly the admi-rable men and women who serve our commu-nities in northwest Oregon. This bill, however, is an unnecessary expansion of the death penalty, and I therefore cannot support it. 
f 
CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES—170 YEARS OF MINING 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a significant milestone achieved by a great American company and one of the larg-est employers in my district, Cliffs Natural Re-sources Inc. In 2017, Cliffs is celebrating its 170th year as an independent mining com-pany specializing in the extraction and proc-essing of iron ore—or taconite as it is known on Minnesota’s Mesabi Iron Range. Cliffs Natural Resources was founded in 1847 in Cleveland, Ohio and first began oper-ating on the Mesabi Iron Range in 1905 at the former Crosby Mine located near Nashwauk, Minnesota. Today, Cliffs is the oldest metals and mining company traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the largest independent producer of iron ore pellets in the United States. As a company that was founded prior to the industrial revolution, Cliffs has weath-ered the ups and downs of the American economy and the cyclical nature of the steel business for 170 years. This achievement is nothing short of remarkable. Throughout its long history, Cliffs has been an integral supplier of raw materials to the do-mestic steel industry, providing the iron ore used in the production of steel that supports our American way of life and provides for the defense of this great country. Cliffs stands at the very foundation of our steel industry and America’s manufacturing economy. Just as notable is Cliffs’ commitment to Northeastern Minnesota. Overall Cliffs em-ploys approximately 2,900 people in the United States, with over 1,700 family-sus-taining jobs across its three Minnesota iron ore operations—United Taconite, Northshore Mining Company and Hibbing Taconite. In 2016, Cliffs’ economic impact in the state of Minnesota was nearly $900 million. Further-more, Cliffs has shown itself to be a tremen-dous supporter of its home communities, with the company and its employees contributing over $575,000 to charitable organizations in Minnesota last year alone. The domestic iron ore and steel industries have confronted grave challenges in recent years as historic levels of illegally-dumped steel flooded U.S. shores. These trade law violations led to the idling of iron ore mines, steel mills and the lay-off of thousands of workers, including 2,000 Minnesota iron ore miners. In 2015, at the height of the steel im-port crisis, I found a friend and partner in Cliffs’ Chairman, President and CEO, Mr. Lourenco Goncalves. This was not the first trade-induced steel disaster that Cliffs had en-dured and Mr. Goncalves understood that it would take the support and engagement of the White House to fully address and remedy the threat posed by record levels of illegal steel imports. Lourenco pledged to me that, if the federal government would commit to pros-ecuting the trade cases to the full extent of our U.S. trade laws, he would bring back workers at Cliffs’ idled Minnesota mines. In conjunction with Minnesota’s other elected officials, we were able to capture the attention of President Obama’s Administration, resulting in tariffs and duties assessed in excess of 500 percent on steel products from certain countries, namely China. Mr. Goncalves followed through on his commitment to put nearly 1,000 Minnesota miners back to work and it was my pleasure to join Cliffs in August of 2016 as the com-pany broke ground on a $75 million capital in-vestment in new pellet-making capabilities at United Taconite in Forbes, Minnesota. I commend Cliffs Natural Resources, Mr. Goncalves and all of Cliffs’ employees for stewarding Cliffs through the latest challenging chapter in your company’s long and storied history. This 170-year anniversary stands as a testament to the hard work and dedication of past and present Cliffs’ employees, from haul truck drivers and millwrights to the company’s most senior executives. I am pleased to rec-ognize the monumental contributions of this great company, both to the communities of Minnesota’s Iron Range as well as to the pros-perity and defense of the United States. In closing, I extend my best wishes for the con-tinued success of Cliffs Natural Resources. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COLONEL JONATHAN HOWERTON 
HON. ROB BISHOP 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Colonel Jonathan ‘‘Jon’’ How-erton, United States Army, for his extraor-dinary dedication to duty and selfless service to the United States of America. Colonel How-erton will be moving on from his present as-signment as the Chief of the Army’s Liaison Division to the United States House of Rep-resentatives where he served from April 1st, 2016 to June 1st, 2017 to become the Deputy Commander for Maneuver of the 2nd Infantry Division (Republic of Korea-United States Combined Division), Camp Casey, Republic of Korea. The son of a career Army officer, Colonel Howerton grew up on posts, camps, and sta-tions across the continental United States and in Europe. He was commissioned through the Reserve Officer Training Corps into the Field Artillery upon graduation from Texas Christian University in 1990. After his first assignment as a lieutenant, he commanded Field Artillery units at the Battery, Battalion and Brigade lev-els and has served in a variety of tactical, operational, and strategic level leadership and staff positions. He has extensive experience overseas including a previous assignment to Korea and one to Germany along with oper-ational deployments to Bosnia-Herzegovina supporting Operation Joint Guard, and three to Iraq supporting both Operations Iraqi Freedom and New Dawn. He has also been stationed at numerous military installations in the United States to include Fort Sill, Oklahoma; Fort Leavenworth, Kansas; Fort Polk, Louisiana; Fort Hood, Texas; Fort Carson, Colorado; Schofield Barracks, Fort Shafter and Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii; and Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize Colonel Howerton’s long and decorated ca-reer. On behalf of a grateful Nation, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing and commending Colonel Howerton for a lifetime of service to his country, and for all he and his family have given and continue to give to our country. We are in their debt. We wish him, his wife Tricia, his daughter Baylor, and his son Cooper all the best as they continue their Army journey to the Republic of Korea. f 
CONGRATULATING THE CENTRAL CAROLINA HOMESCHOOLERS MOCK TRIAL TEAM 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Central Carolina Homeschoolers (CCH) high school mock trial team. On May 13, 2017, the CCH mock trial team won the 2017 National High School Mock Trial Cham-pionship in Hartford, Connecticut. I, along with the rest of the Sixth District, express my sin-cere congratulations to this team. Based in Randolph County, the CCH team is the first North Carolina school to win the National Championship in this annual competi-tion. I am pleased to recognize Caitlin Kelly, Joshua Way, Jonah Moss, Heather Pen-nington, Allyn Sims, Madysen Bailey, Emily Polson and David Bainbridge Jr. for their dili-gence in accomplishing this exceptional feat. I would also like to acknowledge the team’s coaches, Maria Bailey and Darren Allen, for their dedication to these students. Once again, I congratulate the CCH mock trial team for this momentous accomplishment and wish these students much success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Nos. 269 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 1862), 270 (motion to suspend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MY8.004 E23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE699 May 23, 2017 
the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 1842), and 273 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 2288) I did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on all of these votes. 
f 
JOSEPH CARDENAS EARNS BOY SCOUT EAGLE RANK AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joseph Cardenas of Pearland, TX, for earning his Boy Scout Eagle Rank Award. Eagle Rank is the highest rank among Boy Scouts, requiring them to develop leadership, service and outdoor skills. To earn this distin-guished award, Joseph had to achieve the Life Scout rank, earn 21 merit badges, and com-plete a service project. Joseph’s service project was developing a brick memorial for veterans of all branches of the military. Indi-vidual and personalized bricks were laid at the VFW Pearland Memorial Post 7109 in Pearland. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Joseph Cardenas for earning his Boy Scout Eagle Rank Award. We are confident he will have continued success in his future endeav-ors. We are very proud. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNI-VERSARY OF SAN JOAQUIN VAL-LEY COLLEGE 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate San Joaquin Valley College (SJVC) on the occasion of their 40th anniver-sary. SJVC has educated over 25,000 stu-dents and started them on the path of suc-cessful careers. It is both fitting and appro-priate that we honor SJVC’s dedication and service to the community. Founded on April 14, 1977, SJVC began with three students studying to become med-ical assistants. Shirley Perry, founder of SJVC, began as a medical assistant herself, in pur-suit of certification. Through diligent studying on her own she became the first person to pass the certification test without schooling. Her impressive success was admired by many other medical assistants, seeking help from Shirley on their exams. This tutoring led to a teaching position at a community college. After three years, Shirley became unsatisfied with the schooling options and was inspired to es-tablish the San Joaquin Valley College. Robert Perry, Shirley’s husband, left his job to handle the business aspects of the college. In 1995, the institution was accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges/ Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges. This accreditation allowed for SJVC to offer Associate of Science Degrees. The college now has 15 campuses located all over California, from Sacramento to San Diego. San Joaquin Valley College offers 22 pro-grams and will soon open its newest campus in downtown Porterville, CA. The institution has been passed down to Mike and Mark Perry, the sons of Shirley and Robert, and continues to provide education to students across California. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating San Joaquin Valley Col-lege’s 40th Anniversary, along with the Perry family, for all of their hard work and accom-plishments within the past forty years. f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANK PECHACEK, JR. 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Frank Pechacek, Jr. of Council Bluffs, Iowa. Frank recently retired from the Board of Directors of the Pottawattamie County Community Foundation after nine years of service. Frank has been instrumental in his role with the Southwest Iowa Education Foundation, an affiliate of the Pottawattamie County Commu-nity Foundation. Under his leadership, the Pottawattamie County Community Foundation has seen substantial growth within the com-munity. When Frank is not volunteering his time with the Foundation, he is a successful attorney at the Willson & Pechacek Law Firm. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Frank on his many years of dedicated and de-voted service to the Pottawattamie County Community Foundation and Pottawattamie County. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress and I ask that my col-leagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Frank on his many ac-complishments and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on Monday, May 22, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No. 269, H.R. 1862; and YEA on Roll Call No. 270, H.R. 1842. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes due to family matters. Had I been present for roll call vote number 269, H.R. 1862, The Global Child Protection Act of 2017, I would have voted Yea. Had I been present for roll call vote number 270, H.R. 1842, The Strengthening Children’s Safe-ty Act of 2017, I would have voted Yea. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, May 22, 2017, I missed votes due to unavoid-able flight delays. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on roll call votes No. 269 and 270. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I was absent from votes May 22, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No. 269, and YEA on Roll Call No. 270. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAFE BOATING WEEK 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, today I stand to recognize Safe Boating Week beginning on May 20th and ending on May 27. I ask my col-leagues to join me in drawing attention to this important issue and making water-based rec-reational activities safer and more enjoyable for all. I would like to thank the United States Coast Guard Auxiliary Flotilla 3–5 for hosting a Safe Boating and Water Safety Day in Sac-ramento on May 20. They will be holding dem-onstrations and presenting safety displays along the river water fronts for all families and residents in attendance. I believe that efforts such as these are crucial to reducing the num-ber of boating-related deaths and injuries that occur each year. Most boating accidents are preventable and occur because of human error, not because of environmental factors. In 2016, 266 boating accidents resulted in 150 injuries and 36 fatali-ties in Northern California alone. Many of these fatalities can be attributed to the victim not wearing a life jacket. We must make it ex-plicitly known to the general public that today’s life jackets are more affordable, more com-fortable, and truly key to avoiding accidental drownings. Together, we must encourage all boaters to practice safe boating, attend safe boating classes, and live by the slogan ‘‘Wear It California!’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in recognizing Safe Boating Week activi-ties in West Sacramento. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY8.008 E23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE700 May 23, 2017 
IN SUPPORT OF TAIWAN’S PAR-TICIPATION IN THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support for Taiwan’s participation in the World Health Organization (WHO). For nearly a decade, Taiwan has partici-pated as an invited observer at the World Health Assembly, the annual forum for the WHO. This invitation arrived late last year, due to political opposition to democratically-elected President Tsai Ing-wen. This year, no invita-tion was sent at all. Public health should be a politics-free issue and the WHO, a leading actor in reacting to global health crises, should remain a neutral, independent body which does not only serve the interest of any specific country. As our world becomes increasingly con-nected and travel times to places around the globe are decreasing, communicable diseases have spread at an ever increasing pace. With its modem, world-class health system, Taiwan has been a leader in disease prevention, sur-veillance, quarantine, and treatment. It has been a key ally in the fights against many dis-eases, including SARS, avian flu, and Zika. Taiwan has shared its expertise and resources with people in South East Asia, and around the world. Mr. Speaker, the World Health Assembly is an important event with worldwide attendance where global health policy is determined. Tai-wan’s medical expertise should be well rep-resented. I encourage the administration to continue to help Taiwan’s inclusion in the World Health Assembly and work together with their Taiwanese counterparts to strength-en the bilateral cooperation on health. 
f 
SIBYL WESTENHAVER NAMED KATY, TX, SENIOR OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sibyl Westenhaver for being named as the 2017 City of Katy Senior of the Year. Members of the Senior Citizens Center Ad-visory Board nominated two people to be named Katy’s Senior of the Year and Mayor Fabol Hughes choose Sibyl. Sibyl began vol-unteering in her church’s home delivered meals program in 2006. She helped transition the program to Interfaith Ministries’ meals on wheels program. She moved to Katy from Oklahoma after losing her husband to be clos-er to her children and grandchildren. Not want-ing to be a ‘‘sit-at-home elderly person,’’ Sibyl is known throughout the community and has created an extended family through her fellow volunteers and meal recipients. She’s truly an inspiration. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sibyl for being named the 2017 City of Katy Senior of the Year. She’s helped countless people and we thank her for her help. RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of international students, scholars, and the U.S. institutions of higher education they attend who have been unfairly penalized by the administration’s efforts to limit travel to our country. I urge my colleagues and the admin-istration to recognize the vital contribution international students, scholars, and their fami-lies make when we welcome them to this great country. International Education programs are incred-ibly important to the higher education experi-ences of students across the country. In par-ticular, Title VI and Fulbright-Hays programs enable American undergraduate and graduate students to develop capabilities and proficien-cies in languages and areas of the world that greatly benefit national security. At its core, Title VI strengthens the international teaching and curricula of students, introduces students to a wider, diverse world, and fosters their likelihood of pursuing an internationally fo-cused profession. Similarly, the Fulbright-Hays program is an internationally focused program that awards grants to individual U.S. teachers, post-doctoral students, post-doctoral faculty, and U.S. institutions in order to support re-search and training efforts overseas focused on non-Western languages and areas of stud-ies. The Title VI and the Fulbright-Hays pro-grams form the vital infrastructure of the Fed-eral government’s investment in the inter-national service pipeline. The contributions these programs make to diplomacy and inter-national education must be protected and prioritized. These programs broaden all students’ hori-zons, benefit our country’s workforce, and strengthen diplomatic ties. In turn, when we welcome international students to our univer-sities, they strengthen our communities and enrichen discourse through diverse perspec-tives. The Trump Administration’s rhetoric sur-rounding immigrants has been harmful to international students and the academic com-munity. Following the Administration’s pro-posed travel ban, many immigrant students at our universities have experienced tremendous uncertainty about their status. Additionally, schools across the country have seen their applicant rates of international students de-cline. At the University of Wisconsin-Madison, international students and scholars apply the lessons they have learned abroad to make a positive impact on our state’s economy. The University of Wisconsin Madison is one of the nation’s top producers of Fulbright students and scholars, with 21 students accepted into the prestigious program. In Wisconsin’s 2nd District, we have welcomed nearly 7,000 inter-national students and their families to our area and are profoundly grateful for the contribu-tions they have made. I am incredibly proud of the students and faculty who continue to lead in the field of international education and strongly encourage my colleagues to support these vital education programs. CONGRATULATING COLUMBIA HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE SARAH COMBS WHO WILL ATTEND THE COLLEGE OF IDAHO ON ATH-LETIC SCHOLARSHIP HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. SIMPSON, Mr. Speaker, I rise to call at-tention to an outstanding young student from the State of Idaho, Her name is Sarah Combs. Sarah is a graduate of the Columbia High School Class of 2017, Looking at her scho-lastic accomplishments and athletic talents, it’s easy to predict Sarah is on a fast track to suc-cess. Sarah’s parents enrolled her in the Bogus Basin Ski Education Foundation (BBSEF) in Boise at the age of seven. The foundation was established to provide training and competition programs for aspiring young ski racers, She is an avid skier and enjoys participating in BBSEF events, Sarah’s love of sport extends to engaging people of all abilities, She is organizing a weekend event for children with disabilities, While the service project puts her on course to earn the Girls Scouts of the USA highest achievement, the Gold Award, she is most ex-cited about helping the participants learn gym-nastics, She kicked off the effort by asking her ski coach, Doug Sato, to serve as her mentor, He was happy to oblige. ‘‘Sarah is very curi-ous about the world and is able to make keen observations about her environment. She seeks to make significant changes and over-comes any obstacles.’’ Sarah has been a patient confidante to other skiers on the team. ‘‘She is kind to ev-eryone, You can go to her with any question, and she figures it out,’’ says one teammate. ‘‘She shows her appreciation when you lend a hand, She is an all-around nice person,’’ adds another. ‘‘I appreciate the friends that I have made in BBSEF,’’ says Sarah, ‘‘I thank my parents es-pecially for supporting me so that I could con-tinue to race, and I thank the coaches as well,’’ When the ski season ends you can find Sarah on the track where she runs the 400 meter and the 2-mile race, Sarah took her academic responsibilities se-riously. Ever since Sarah started high school she was the yearly recipient of the All-Aca-demic Southern Idaho Conference, This is quite an accomplishment given her demanding training schedule, The College of Idaho took notice of Sarah’s accomplishments on the slopes when she had the opportunity to train with the College of Idaho Ski Team, While training with the ski team, the college also learned that Sarah ran cross country and track as well. The College of Idaho realized that she is the caliber of a student-athlete desired for enrollment. On Na-tional Letter of Intent Signing Day, Sarah signed for all three sports and was offered a scholarship for all three sports. So Sarah will be a member of the Yotes Women’s Alpine Ski Team, the Yotes Wom-en’s Cross Country Team, and the Yotes Women’s Track and Field Team, Sarah intends to enroll in the Pre-Physical Therapy program and take advantage of an elective that will prepare her to work with dis-abled athletes. There is no doubt Sarah will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.009 E23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE701 May 23, 2017 
a very busy freshman, and we wish her all the best in the classroom; on the track; on the ski slopes; or any other endeavors she attempts. May your time at the College of Idaho be a rewarding experience. Your family, friends, and Bogus Basin Ski Education Foundation are proud of you. Go Yotes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, at the time of votes yesterday, I was unavoidably detained in my district. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on both H.R. 1862 and H.R. 1842. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 269, and YEA on Roll Call No. 270. 
f 
HONORING PROFESSOR DOUG KRESSE 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions and serv-ice of Professor Doug Kresse as Director of Forensics at Fullerton College in Fullerton, California. After a decade of dedication to the speech and debate team, Doug will pass on the torch to his colleagues, but remain a de-voted professor and mentor at Fullerton Col-lege. Doug Kresse was born and raised in the Pacific Northwest where he graduated from Eastern Washington University with a Bach-elor’s degree in English and a minor in Speech Communication. He received a Mas-ter’s degree in Speech Communication from California State University, Fullerton. He taught as Director of Forensics and Speech and Communications at Seattle Pacific Univer-sity in Seattle, Washington, Tiffin University and Heidelberg University in Tiffin, Ohio, and finally, Fullerton College in Fullerton, Cali-fornia. Doug developed the intercollegiate speech & debate program at Fullerton College and served as Director of Forensics for ten years. He coached hundreds of students into polished speakers and well-argued debaters, helping them to move forward confidently in their studies, careers, and lives. Doug was presented with the ‘‘President’s Award’’ by the National Education Debate Association in March 2016 for his commitment to collegiate debate and support of his students. A life-long learner, Doug is well known for his regular interest in news and reading. He actively participated in C-SPAN’s Classroom programs for educators and was a national prize winner for C-SPAN’s American Presi-dents series, designing a chessboard of the George H. W. Bush presidency. He continues to show C-SPAN and other news clips in the classroom as examples in his speech and de-bate courses, well known for his office full of VHS tapes. In his free time, Doug can be found keeping up with the local concert scene in Los Ange-les, running, and spending time with his fam-ily. He has been married to his wife, Marti, for 37 years and is the proud father to two daugh-ters, Kristin and Carol, father-in-law to Ray-mond, and grandpa to Mitchell Paige Coates. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking Doug Kresse for his dedication to his commu-nity and students, creating the leaders and speakers of tomorrow. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THE HON-ORABLE JACKALYNE PFANNENSTIEL 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to the life of the Honor-able Ms. Jackalyne Pfannenstiel, a lifelong trailblazer dedicated to energy efficiency, who passed away on April 26, 2017, at the age of 69. Ms. Pfannenstiel was born on September 7, 1947 in Norwich, Connecticut. She attended Clark University in Massachusetts, where she earned a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and went on to get her Master’s degree in Eco-nomics from the University of Hartford in Con-necticut. Ms. Pfannenstiel began her career working as an economist at the Connecticut Depart-ment of Public Utility Control. With an interest in energy efficiency, Ms. Pfannenstiel moved to California in 1978 to start a new path after being hired by California’s Public Utilities Commission. After two years, she went to work for Pacific Gas & Electric Company and parent company, Pacific Gas & Electric Cor-poration for twenty years. During her twenty years at Pacific Gas & Electric, Ms. Pfannenstiel served in various roles, most no-tably as Vice President of Planning and Stra-tegic Initiatives. Through her leadership and collaboration, Ms. Pfannenstiel helped write California energy policy throughout the 1980’s designed to enhance conservation. In 2004, Ms. Pfannenstiel became a voice for energy conservation in California when she was appointed to the Energy Commission by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, and in 2006 was named as the commission’s first fe-male chairwoman. Her leadership did not stop at the state level. In 2010, President Barack Obama appointed her as Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Energy, Installations and the Environment. Her continued dedication to-wards energy conservation can be seen through her work on the Great Green Fleet, a squadron of 10 ships and 70 aircrafts, which run 50 percent on biofuel. In addition to her time as Assistant Sec-retary, in 2013 Ms. Pfannenstiel co-founded a San Francisco start up called Advanced Microgrid Solutions aimed to enhance utility usage. Her legacy will be remembered through her accomplishments and the progress towards improved energy conserva-tion over the years. Ms. Jackalyne Pfannenstiel is survived by her husband Daniel, two sons Matthew and Steven Deutsch, grandson Wesley Deutsch, sister Kathleen Pratt, and brother Richard Pfannenstiel. As a mother of two sons, she never missed their games, no matter how busy of a schedule she had. It is my honor to join Ms. Jackalyne Pfannenstiel’s family in celebration of the life of this inspirational woman. She truly led by example and encour-aged teamwork throughout her life. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the life, remarkable career, and achievements of Ms. Jackalyne Pfannenstiel. Her dedication towards energy conservation will be remem-bered for years to come. f 
INTRODUCING THE TAXPAYERS REQUIRE URGENT MANDATORY PROTECTION FROM EGREGIOUS DEBT ACT OF 2017 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Taxpayers Require Urgent Man-datory Protection from Egregious Debt Act of 2017, also known as the TRUMPED Act. Those of us representing south Florida have received numerous calls and letters since the election of Mr. Trump noting the burden on the budgets of local governments and small busi-ness owners as he has used his Mar-a-lago property as an almost weekly retreat—I am sure my friends from New York have fielded similar complaints. Mr. Speaker, our primary law enforcement agencies are proud to provide protection for any number of dignitaries who visit our great state. However, their budgets have not, and cannot, sustain the weight of Mr. Trump’s weekly in season trips to Mar-a-lago—nor should they have to as Mr. Trump is provided very nice accommodations here in Wash-ington, D.C. and Camp David in Maryland, at the taxpayer’s considerable expense. Over just one holiday alone, the Palm Beach Sheriff’s Office was forced to absorb $250,000 in unforeseen expenses—this is an untenable budgetary posture for our local Sheriff’s Office as that number represents a $60,000 per day bill. They must cover over-time for their officers and deploy multiple units including their Motor Unit, Strategic Intel-ligence Unit, Marine Unit, Aviation Unit, as well as numerous other teams that provide the fabric for a secure trip to South Florida for Mr. Trump. Mr. Speaker, the TRUMPED Act is based on a simple premise—if Mr. Trump wants to make continual use of his properties then he may do so, but he may not do so at the tax-payer’s expense. And let us be clear about something else: Mr. Trump, while burning through taxpayer dollars during these trips, ac-tually makes financial gains when he visits his properties as the U.S. Government must rent space from him during such visits. Mr. Speaker, it is offensive that Mr. Trump insists on a budget that unequivocally, and without mercy, attacks hardworking Ameri-cans, and then has the audacity to turn around and insist that our local police officers, first responders and small businesses suffer under his insistence that he be allowed to enjoy a lavish lifestyle at taxpayer expense. I look forward to the support of my colleagues on this important bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.012 E23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE702 May 23, 2017 
HONORING MAINE VETERAN TOM ALLEN FOR HIS SERVICE DUR-ING WORLD WAR II AND HIS MANY ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent, Tom Allen, a proud World War II veteran from Augusta, Maine. At 94 years young, Tom continues to impress those who know him with his commitment to out-ski, and out-kayak the grips of old age and the passing of time. When the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, Tom was a student at Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts. He, like so many other brave men from his generation, felt the need to serve his country. In June of 1942, seven months after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, Tom willingly left Harvard and joined the United States Marine Corps. Recognizing his academic strengths, the Marines sent Tom to language school where be became proficient in Japanese. Upon the completion of his training, and with the war in full swing, Tom was sent to the Pa-cific Theatre where he first served in Saipan. In 1945, just months after the atomic bomb destroyed the city, Tom was reassigned to an intelligence position with the Second Marine Division and sent to Nagasaki, Japan. Among his many duties as an interpreter, Tom was tasked with working directly with the Japanese to uncover where they held their war materials in hopes of demilitarizing the Japanese War Machine. A year later Tom was honorably dis-charged from the Marines and chose to return to Harvard to complete his undergraduate education. At a relatively young age, Tom had accom-plished more than most people do in their life-time. His resume´of resilience and his sense of determination are some of the many posi-tive qualities Tom has maintained into his later years. Two years ago, at the age of 92, Tom was seen skiing in the mountains of western Maine. Less than a year later, at the age of 93, Tom slipped into a kayak for a paddle around Boothbay Harbor. Mr. Speaker, I truly admire Tom for his will-ingness to interrupt his Harvard education to answer our nation’s call to serve. Lastly, I would like to thank him for reminding us all that age is simply a state of mind and that nothing is out of one’s reach. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on May 22, 2017, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on No. 269 and No. 270. HEATHER WILLIAMS NAMED PRIN-CIPAL OF NEW KATY ELEMEN-TARY SCHOOL HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Heather Williams of Richmond, TX, for being named the principal of Kathleen Joerger Lindsey Elementary School. Opening in August 2017, Lindsey Elemen-tary School is the newest addition to the Lamar Consolidated Independent School Dis-trict (ISD), the first Lamar Consolidated ISD school in Katy. This will be Heather’s first time opening a new school, she said ‘‘it’s an honor.’’ This year she celebrates her 20th year in education. She has held several roles, from fifth grade teacher to assistant principal to principal. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Heather for being named the principal of Lindsey Elementary School. We’re confident she’ll be a great role-model for the children starting school there. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes Monday, May 22, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay on Roll Call votes 269 and 270. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE JUNIOR LEAGUE OF INDIANAPOLIS ON ITS 95TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and celebrate the Junior League of Indianapolis on the occasion of its 95th Anniversary. JLI’s primary mission is to promote voluntarism, to develop the lead-ership potential of women, and to improve the community through the effective action and leadership of trained volunteers. For an as-tounding 95 years, JLI has worked diligently to promote these ideals and to enrich the lives of its members and the community in which they reside. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congres-sional District are forever grateful for the con-tributions to our Hoosier community, and as a formerly active member and current sustaining member, it is my distinct privilege to honor the Junior League of Indianapolis. Ten Indianapolis women founded the JLI in the fall of 1921 to promote voluntarism throughout the city. In 1922, their first major project put JLI to the test. They successfully opened an Occupational Therapy Clinic for Riley Children’s Hospital, which served Indian-apolis over two and a half decades until 1948. Since then, the lasting impact of JLI’s commu-nity involvement has been felt constantly throughout the city. Committed to preserving Indianapolis’ rich history, the League held its headquarters in the historic French Roman-esque Schnull-Rauch House from 1979 to 2009, and maintained the historic monument during their residence. Several projects like Kids in the Kitchen, Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure, and the Ronald McDonald House have endured through the years and even through a few decades. The women of the Junior League choose to take on our most pressing and difficult issues, notably in their project regarding Early Prevention of School Failure in Indianapolis Public Schools from 1984 to 1990. Today, education remains a pri-ority, with members volunteering at Stephen Foster School, IPS 67. Through a three-year partnership, the Junior League in their Signa-ture project, ‘‘Partners Advancing Student Success’’, will work on tutoring, stocking the food pantry, and more at IPS 67. JLI also holds annually their service event, ‘‘Around the Community—Around the Clock’’, an event in which members perform 95 hours of contin-uous community service. The League has nearly 1000 members today dedicating over 16,000 hours of uncom-pensated service each year. Through grant making, roughly $200,000 was invested into Indianapolis last year alone. In education, more than $500,000 has been invested since 2011. This year’s projects are as charitable as ever. Tutors in Action provides program fund-ing and volunteers for one on one or small group tutoring for families in transitional hous-ing. The Kids in the Kitchen program provides nutritional information and healthy cooking techniques for families to combat childhood obesity. The Junior League of Indianapolis has prov-en time and time again that it is committed and vital to the wellbeing of our city. It serves as a role model for all charitable organizations like it. The focus on developing the potential of women in our community has served as an in-valuable training ground for the next genera-tion of amazingly, talented and generous lead-ers. JLI states that it seeks to be a catalyst for lasting change in the lives of children and fam-ilies in our community, and it has exceeded this role for 95 years and counting. These self-less women and the families that support them, deserve our gratitude. On behalf of Indi-ana’s Fifth Congressional District, I would like to congratulate this wonderful organization on 95 years of exemplary work within our com-munity, and wish the JLI, and all their mem-bers, the best on their journey to another 95 remarkable years. 
f 
HONORING DR. CHRIS RODRIGUEZ 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Chris Rodriguez, and to commemorate his service to the people our state as Director of the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security. Director Rodriguez is a dedicated public servant who has worked tire-lessly in the intelligence field to protect and serve New Jersey and the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.017 E23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE703 May 23, 2017 
Director Chris Rodriguez has served in mul-tiple capacities in the U.S. Federal Govern-ment including serving more than a decade in the Central Intelligence Agency and the U.S. Department of State. He was a crucial mem-ber of the Counterterrorism Center following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 where he collaborated with federal, state, and local levels to identify and counter potential threats to the United States. Director Chris Rodriguez began working for the people of New Jersey in 2011 where he oversaw the Department of Law and Public Safety, the Department of Military and Vet-erans’ Affairs, the Department of Transpor-tation, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and Preparedness. Director Chris Rodriguez honorably served our country both at home and abroad. We owe a tremendous debt to our Veterans who have served in defense of our great nation, for their sacrifices have allowed the United States of America to serve as a beacon for the prom-ise of liberty. I thank Director Christopher Rodriguez for his many years of service to the people of New Jersey and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GUAM DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION NURSES IN HONOR OF NATIONAL SCHOOL NURSES DAY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate nurses and school nurse support staff of the Guam De-partment of Education (GDOE) in honor of Na-tional Nurses Week and National School Nurses Day. There are currently 44 Reg-istered Nurses and 3 Licensed Practical Nurses serving the students of the Guam De-partment of Education. These nurses take on the daunting task of caring for the Guam De-partment of Education’s more than 30,000 stu-dents and nearly 4,000 employees of the Guam Department of Education. These school nurses work day in and day out to ensure the health of our island’s children so they can con-tinue their education in the classroom. Guam Department of Education nurses join the National Association of School Nurses in celebrating the theme of this year’s School Nurses Day: Healthy Nurse. Healthy Students. They also join the American Nurses Associa-tion in celebrating the 2017 Nurses Week: The Balance of Mind, Body, and Spirit! GDOE nurses have chosen to celebrate National School Nurses Day by teaching students how to conduct hands only CPR or heart health ac-tivities. Every year the GDOE nurses serve a critical role in providing a safe and healthy learning environment for students throughout Guam’s public elementary, middle, and high schools. GDOE nurses provide frontline, critical care for the most fragile children in our community and are members of health teams that support both educational and response initiatives dedi-cated to improving public health. Additionally, school nurses are liaisons to the school ad-ministrators, parents and healthcare providers when it comes to attending to the physical health of our island’s students. Every school year is different and chal-lenging for the GDOE nurses. In April 2016, the school nurses received a call from the De-partment of Public Health and Social Services asking them to administer 5,000 doses of TB skin test solution to GDOE students and staff who need updates. The school nurses em-braced the challenge and were able to host TB clinics in almost every GDOE school for students and staff. Despite these challenges, our island’s school nurses have responded to these needs with professionalism and passion for the school communities they serve. I commend and congratulate nurses and school nurse support staff of the Guam De-partment of Education (GDOE) as they cele-brate the 2017 National School Nurses Day and On a successful school year. I join the people of Guam in expressing our apprecia-tion for their contributions to Guam’s school communities. f 
NATIONAL MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to May being National Mental Health Awareness month, a nationwide initia-tive that aims to raise awareness and fight the stigmas associated with mental health ill-nesses. Nearly 44 million American adults, and mil-lions of children experience mental health con-ditions each year, including depression, bipo-lar disorder, schizophrenia, and post-traumatic stress. Although we have made great progress ex-panding access to mental health treatment with the passage of the Affordable Health Care Act, too many people still do not get the help they need. Despite the availability of treatment, the stig-ma associated with mental illness continues to keep millions of Americans from getting the treatment they need. Mr. Speaker, we cannot continue to turn a blind eye to our citizen’s mental health needs, because according to a study by the National Alliance on Mental Illness, mental illnesses cost America over $193.2 billion in lost earn-ings every year. Congress must work together to ensure people living with mental illness know that they are not alone, that hope exists, and that the possibility of healing and thriving is achiev-able. We should be sure that our budget, which we will be debating in the coming weeks, in-cludes adequate funding to help. 
f 
RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS AND SCHOLARS 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of international students, scholars, and the U.S. institutions of higher education they attend who have been unfairly penalized by the Trump Administration’s unlawful efforts to limit travel to our country from several Muslim- majority countries. Among many faults, the President’s travel ban fails to take into account the vital contribu-tion international students, scholars and their families make when we welcome them to this great country. This, and the many other efforts undertaken by this administration to restrict access to visas, does not make our country safer, but undermines the valuable diplomatic, economic and cultural benefits that come from creating a more welcoming and diverse nation. International students contribute to the eco-nomic well-being of the United States. Accord-ing to NAFSA: Association of International Educators, during the 2015–2016 academic year, international students and their families supported 400,000 jobs and contributed nearly $33 billion to the U.S. economy. In my district alone, during the 2015–2016 academic year, 3,724 international students and their families contributed $120.3 million, supporting 797 jobs. But this is just the immediate impact—the long-term effect of bringing talented minds from all over the world to our universities, many of whom go on to live and work and contribute to the United States, is immeas-urable. When we close doors to immigrants, students, scholars, and travelers from all over the world, we close doors to our future. And when we particularly target individuals based on race or ethnicity, we not only show our-selves to be afraid of the world, we weaken our own security by cultivating enemies rather than friends. We should not back away from maintaining an open and welcoming nation and we will continue to stand for the universal principles that bring students and scholars from all over the world to study in this great nation. f 
A TRIBUTE TO KELLY SUMMY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Kelly Summy of Coun-cil Bluffs, Iowa. Kelly recently retired from the Board of Directors of the Pottawattamie Coun-ty Community Foundation. He helped create the Foundation in 2007 and has served as Chairman since its establishment. Kelly’s commitment to the Pottawattamie County Community Foundation from its early years to its legacy of today will stand out for generations to come. His leadership will have a lasting impact on the Foundation and the Pottawattamie County community. When Kelly is not volunteering his time in his community, he serves as President of Midwest Ag Serv-ices of Council Bluffs. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Kelly for his many years of dedicated service to the Pottawattamie County Community Foundation and Pottawattamie County, Iowa. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Kelly on his many accomplish-ments and in wishing him nothing but contin-ued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.022 E23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE704 May 23, 2017 
RECOGNIZING LAVERA ETHRIDGE- WILLIAMS IN CELEBRATION OF HER 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Mrs. LaVera Ethridge-Williams’ 90th birthday. Ms. Ethridge Williams is a cele-brated entrepreneur and community advocate, who has been a staple in the West Fresno community for more than fifty years. LaVera Ethridge-Williams was born in Boley, Oklahoma to John and Alberta Ethridge. She was raised in Wewoke, Oklahoma where she received her early education. In 1945, Mrs. Ethridge-Williams moved to Fresno and con-tinued her education at Fresno City College and California State University, Fresno. Mrs. Ethridge-Williams married Lonzell Wil-liams and together they were parents to three children. They’ve also been blessed with five grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. Mrs. Ethridge-Williams made child care her life’s passion and lifelong career. She often cared for her younger siblings growing up and cared for her own children, in addition to those of family members and friends. In 1968, she attempted to open her first child care center in Fresno. Although the banks turned her loan requests down numerous times, she continued her persistence. Eventually through private funding, Mrs. Ethridge-Williams secured fund-ing to open her first infant child care center. After four years of working with the California State Department of Social Welfare and De-partment of Health and Welfare, Mrs. LaVera Ethridge-Williams’ dream became a reality, with the opening of her first childcare center in West Fresno. Not stopping there, Mrs. La Vera Ethridge-Williams opened a chain of daycare centers for infants and young children in Fresno. LaVera’s Infant Nursery and LaVera’s Educational Center provided des-perately needed childcare for working parents in the area. Mrs. Ethridge-Williams has been rightfully honored by numerous local officials and orga-nizations throughout her career. These in-clude, the city of Fresno, Fresno Unified School District and the Phi Lambda Society. Outside of her work, Mrs. Ethridge-Williams enjoys spending time with her family and sev-eral hobbies. These include traveling, fishing and attending church, where she is an active member. She has always believed that personal suc-cess comes with a responsibility to touch the lives of others through good deeds. Today, she works to provide shelter for the homeless. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. LaVera Ethridge-Williams as she celebrates her 90th birthday. She is an inspiration for us all, having lived her life to serve others. I ask that you join me in wishing her and her family continued happiness. SUGAR LAND REALTOR NAMED PRESIDENT-ELECT OF THE WOM-EN’S COUNCIL OF REALTORS HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jo Ann Stevens of Sugar Land, TX, for being named the 2017 President-elect of the Women’s Council of Realtors, an affil-iate of the National Association of Realtors. The Women’s Council is a network of real-tors working to advance women as profes-sionals and leaders in their businesses, indus-tries and communities. Jo Ann has been a li-censed realtor for over 30 years and joined the Women’s Council in 1986. She’s held sev-eral leadership roles in the Women’s Council, such as: Local Network President, District Vice President, Governor, President of the Texas Network, and Regional Vice President for Re-gion 9. Jo Ann has been named ‘‘Member of the Year’’ twice for Texas and will be sworn in as president on November 4, 2017. She’s cur-rently working for the Lane Real Estate Team. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jo Ann for being named President-elect of the Women’s Council of Realtors. This is an amazing accomplishment and we know she will be a great leader. 
f 
WELCOMING INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a globally-engaged and welcoming United States. Historically, hosting inter-national students and scholars at our colleges and universities has been one of the most im-portant ways America reinforces those values. I urge my colleagues and the administration to recognize the vital contribution international students, scholars, and their families make to the United States. The cross-cultural partnerships formed through international education and exchanges offer widespread benefits for the United States. Students and their families supported 400,000 jobs in the 2015–2016 year, contrib-uting nearly $33 billion to our national econ-omy. Their financial and academic contribu-tions allow universities to offer more advanced courses—often in STEM subjects—to Amer-ican students. These students, the vast major-ity of whom do not study abroad, gain invalu-able knowledge towards succeeding as global citizens through cooperation and interaction with their international peers. As co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on International Exchange and Study and as a student who studied abroad, I recognize the enormous benefits offered by a cross-cultural education. May is a critical month on the col-lege calendar, a time when college seniors graduate and enter the global world while high school seniors finalize their choice on where to study in the fall. The new administration’s immigration policies, specifically the Travel Ban Executive Order, harvest uncertainty for students making these decisions. Our nation’s security must remain our top priority, but we must balance that with the need to remain open, welcoming and com-mitted to driving future economic growth and opportunity. We must reassure international scholars who may be unsure about coming that their contributions are valued and that they are welcome here. f 
HONORING SPECIAL AGENT BILL BATES 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished career of Special Agent William Bates of the U.S. Department of Defense, Office of Inspector General, Defense Criminal Investigative Service, after 32 years of dedicated government service. Special Agent Bates’ grew up in Buffalo, New York, and attended the SUNY Fredonia. Upon graduating, he served in the U.S. Army as a Veterinary Food Inspector and then worked as a Treasury Agent for the Internal Revenue Service. In 1989, Mr. Bates joined the Defense Criminal Investigative Service where he has served as a Control Tactics Instructor and Health and Wellness Coordinator for the Syra-cuse, Buffalo, and Pittsburgh offices. Throughout his esteemed career, Special Agent Bates’ work includes assistance in the recovery efforts in New York City immediately following the terrorist attacks on our country on September 11, 2001 as well as the inves-tigation of Lynx Machine Total Corporation which brought to light false testing certifi-cations on U.S. military products. He has re-ceived several commendations during his es-teemed career, and is a member of the DCIS’s prestigious Million Dollar Club. It is my honor to recognize Special Agent Bates and to congratulate him on his retire-ment after 32 years of devoted service to keeping our great nation safe. I wish him the very best in his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.027 E23MYPT1
D566 Tuesday, May 23, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3075–S3102 Measures Introduced: Eight bills were introduced, as follows: S. 1202–1209.
                             Pages S3097–98 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, the Budget of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2018; re-ferred jointly, pursuant to the order of January 30, 1975, as modified by the order of April 11, 1986; which was referred to the Committees on the Budg-et; and Appropriations. (PM–8)
                 Pages S3095–96 
Sullivan Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State.
                                                     Pages S3076–82, S3082–92 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 93 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 134), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S3080 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m. on Wednes-day, May 24, 2017.
                                                  Page S3100 
Elwood Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intel-ligence Agency.
                                                          Page S3076 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit.
                                                                                  Page S3076 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S3076 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S3076 Messages from the House:                                 Page S3096 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3096 
Executive Communications:                             Page S3096 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S3096–97 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3098–99 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                             Pages S3099–S3100 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3094–95 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3100 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—134)
                                                                Page S3080 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:18 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, May 24, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3100.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. ASSISTANCE FOR CENTRAL AMERICA Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine United States assistance for Central America, after receiving testimony from John Negroponte, McLarty Associates, Eric Farnsworth, Council of the Americas, John Wingle, Millennium Challenge Corporation, and Adriana Beltran, Wash-ington Office on Latin America, all of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of David L. Norquist, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary (Comptroller), Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, and Kari A. Bingen, of Virginia, both to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, Robert Daigle, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, Robert Story Karem, of the District of Columbia, and Ken-neth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, both to be an Assist-ant Secretary, and routine lists in the Army, Navy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D567 May 23, 2017 
Air Force, and Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. WORLDWIDE THREATS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine worldwide threats, after receiving testimony from former Senator Daniel R. Coats, Di-rector of National Intelligence; and Lieutenant Gen-eral Vincent R. Stewart, USMC, Director, Defense Intelligence Agency. CYBER POSTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security concluded a hearing to examine the cyber posture of the Services, after receiving testimony from Vice Admiral Marshall B. Lytle III, USCG, Di-rector, Command, Control, Communications and Computers/Cyber and Chief Information Officer, Joint Staff, J–6, Vice Admiral Michael M. Gilday, USN, Commander, United States Fleet Cyber Com-mand, Commander, United States Tenth Fleet, Lieu-tenant General Paul M. Nakasone, USA, Com-manding General, United States Army Cyber Com-mand, Major General Christopher P. Weggeman, USAF, Commander, Twenty-fourth Air Force, Com-mander, Air Forces Cyber, and Major General Loret-ta E. Reynolds, USMC, Commander, Marine Forces Cyberspace Command, all of the Department of De-fense. NAVY READINESS CHALLENGES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower received a closed briefing on Navy readi-ness challenges, emerging threats, and the require-ments underpinning the 355 ship force structure ob-jective from Bradley F. Herbert, Director of Execu-tive Support, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance/Director of Naval Intel-ligence, Rear Admiral (lower half) Jesse A. Wilson, Jr., USN, Director, Assessment Division, Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and Captain John E. Gumbleton, USN, Director, Financial Operations Division, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of Mira Radielovic Ricardel, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Admin-istration, and Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Terrorist Financing, and Heath P. Tarbert, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Treasury. OUTER SPACE TREATY Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness concluded a hearing to examine reopening the Amer-ican frontier, focusing on exploring how the Outer Space Treaty will impact American commerce and settlement in space, after receiving testimony from James E. Dunstan, Mobius Legal Group, PLLC, Nokesville, Virginia; Laura Montgomery, Ground Based Space Matters, Potomac, Maryland; Matthew P. Schaefer, University of Nebraska College of Law Space, Cyber and Telecommunications Law Program, Lincoln; Robert Richards, Moon Express, Inc., Cape Canaveral, Florida; Peter Marquez, Planetary Re-sources, Washington, D.C.; Mike Gold, Space Sys-tems Loral, Chevy Chase, Maryland; and Pamela A. Melroy, Arlington, Virginia. NATIONAL AMBIENT AIR QUALITY STANDARDS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety con-cluded a hearing to examine making implementation of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level ozone attainable, including S. 263, to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground- level ozone standards, and S. 452, to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the enforcement and imple-mentation of the 2015 national ambient air quality standards for ozone, after receiving testimony from Senator Flake; Misael Cabrera, Director, Arizona De-partment of Environmental Quality, Phoenix; Shawn M. Garvin, Delaware Department of Natural Re-sources and Environmental Control, Dover; Ahron Hakimi, Kern Council of Governments, Bakersfield, California; Kyle Zeringue, Baton Rouge Area Cham-ber, Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and Monica Kraft, University of Arizona College of Medicine, Tucson, on behalf of the American Thoracic Society. BORDER SECURITY Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration concluded a hearing to ex-amine building America’s trust through border secu-rity, focusing on progress on the southern border, after receiving testimony from Ronald D. Vitiello, Acting Deputy Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD568 May 23, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 24 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2593–2616; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 60; and H. Res. 351, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H4502–03 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4404–05 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1461, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the instances in which official time may be granted for certain purposes to employees of the Department, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–146, Part 1); H.R. 1162, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans (H. Rept. 115–147); H.R. 1005, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans (H. Rept. 115–148); H.R. 467, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to ensure that each medical facility of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs complies with require-ments relating to scheduling veterans for health care appointments, to improve the uniform application of directives of the Department, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–149, Part 1); H.R. 624, to restrict the inclusion of social secu-rity account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–150, Part 1); H.R. 1848, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to carry out a pilot program on the use of med-ical scribes in Department of Veterans Affairs med-ical centers (H. Rept. 115–151); and H. Res. 352, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1973) to prevent the sexual abuse of mi-nors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement au-thorities, and for other purposes; providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1761) to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the knowing con-sent of the visual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 26, 2017, through June 5, 2017 (H. Rept. 115–152).
                                   Page H4502 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Davidson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4427 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:24 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4429 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in memory of the victims of the terrorist attack in Manchester, England.
                          Page H4440 
Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017— Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 348, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 953) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes, by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 272, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 229 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 271.
                                                                          Pages H4433–40 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017: H.R. 1809, amended, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974; 
                                                                                    Pages H4441–53 
Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act of 2017: H.R. 1808, amended, to amend and improve the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act;
                                                                Pages H4453–57 
Veterans Appeals Improvement and Moderniza-tion Act of 2017: H.R. 2288, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regard-ing claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 418 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 273;
                                                   Pages H4457–66, H4483 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans: H.R. 1005, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; 
                                                                                    Pages H4468–69 
No Hero Left Untreated Act: H.R. 1162, to di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/ EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans; 
                                                                                    Pages H4469–73 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D569 May 23, 2017 
Veterans Affairs Prescription Data Account-ability Act of 2017: H.R. 1545, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose certain pa-tient information to State controlled substance moni-toring programs;
                                                Pages H4473–75 
Quicker Veterans Benefits Delivery Act of 2017: H.R. 1725, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Department of Veterans Affairs medical professionals in support of claims for disability compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs;
       Pages H4475–76 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit cer-tain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary.’’.
                             Page H4476 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-ment Act of 2017: H.R. 1329, amended, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims, and to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                                                    Pages H4476–77 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To in-crease, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans, and for other purposes.’’.
      Page H4477 
Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign Authorization Act of 2017: H.R. 1370, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign; and
                                                             Pages H4480–83 
Enforcing Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2017: H.R. 2473, amended, to ensure compliance with the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, and to make strides toward eradicating human trafficking;
                                                            Pages H4484–89 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Attorney General to study issues relating to human trafficking, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H4489 
Department of Homeland Security Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Se-curity to make certain improvements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet.                           Page H4480 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Sa´nchez announced her intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                               Page H4484 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Veterans Affairs Scheduling Accountability Act: H.R. 467, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that each medical facility of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs complies with requirements relating to scheduling veterans for health care ap-pointments, and to improve the uniform application of directives of the Department; and
       Pages H4467–68 
Protecting the Rights of Individuals Against Technological Exploitation Act: H.R. 2052, to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to pro-hibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of inti-mate visual images.
                                          Pages H4477–80 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted to Congress his Budget of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2018—referred to the Committee on Appro-priations and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–3). 
                                                                                    Pages H4440–41 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4439–40, H4440, and H4483. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:02 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held an over-sight hearing on the Internal Revenue Service. Testi-mony was heard from J. Russell George, Treasury Inspector General, Tax Administration; and Nina E. Olson, National Taxpayer Advocate, Internal Rev-enue Service. FISCAL YEAR 2018 BUDGET REQUEST FOR U.S. CYBER COMMAND: CYBER MISSION FORCE SUPPORT TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OPERATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD570 May 23, 2017 
‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request for U.S. Cyber Command: Cyber Mission Force Support to Depart-ment of Defense Operations’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral Michael Rogers, Commander, U.S. Cyber Command. THE NEED FOR MORE RESPONSIBLE REGULATORY AND ENFORCEMENT POLICIES AT THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Need for More Responsible Regulatory and Enforcement Policies at the EEOC’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. U.S. PUBLIC HEALTH RESPONSE TO THE ZIKA VIRUS: CONTINUING CHALLENGES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Public Health Response to the Zika Virus: Continuing Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from Luciana Borio, Acting Chief Scientist, Food and Drug Administration; Rick A. Bright, Director, Bio-medical Advanced Research and Development Au-thority, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of the As-sistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, De-partment of Health and Human Services; Anthony Fauci, Director, National Institute of Allergy and In-fectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health; Timothy Persons, Chief Scientist, Government Ac-countability Office; and Lyle R. Petersen, Director, Division of Vector-Borne Diseases, National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases, Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention. DISRUPTER SERIES: DELIVERING TO CONSUMERS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Delivering to Consumers’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. VISA OVERSTAYS: A GAP IN THE NATION’S BORDER SECURITY Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Visa Overstays: A Gap in the Nation’s Border Secu-rity’’. Testimony was heard from the following De-partment of Homeland Security officials: John Wag-ner, Deputy Executive Assistant Commissioner, Cus-toms and Border Protection; Clark Settles, Assistant Director, National Security Division, Homeland Se-curity Investigations; Michael Dougherty, Acting Assistant Secretary, Border, Immigration, and Trade Office of Policy; and John Roth, Inspector General. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 2431, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law En-forcement Act’’; H.R. 2407, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2406, to amend section 442 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, and for other purposes. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Per-shing County Economic Development and Conserva-tion Act’’; H.R. 2199, the ‘‘Federal Land Asset In-ventory Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2423, the ‘‘Washington County, Utah, Public Lands Manage-ment Implementation Act’’; and H.R. 2425, the ‘‘Public Lands Telecommunications Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Amodei, Cramer, Stewart, and Huffman; Robert McDougal, Commis-sioner, Pershing County, Nevada; Victor Iverson, Chairman, Washington County Commission, Utah; and public witnesses. THE STATUS AND FUTURE OF THE COBELL LAND CONSOLIDATION PROGRAM Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Status and Future of the Cobell Land Consolidation Program’’. Testimony was heard from James Cason, Acting Deputy Secretary, Depart-ment of Interior. PROTECTING AGAINST CHILD EXPLOITATION ACT OF 2017; PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1761, the ‘‘Protecting Against Child Exploi-tation Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1973, the ‘‘Pro-tecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1973 and H.R. 1761. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–20 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D571 May 23, 2017 
substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part A of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 2, the rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–19 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day dur-ing the period from May 26, 2017, through June 5, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. Finally, section 4 of the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, and Rep-resentatives Jackson Lee, Johnson of Louisiana, and Costa. EXPANDING THE ROLE OF STATES IN EPA RULEMAKING Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding the Role of States in EPA Rulemaking’’. Testimony was heard from Misael Cabrera, Director, Arizona Department of Environmental Quality; Becky Keogh, Director, Arkansas Department of En-vironmental Quality; and a public witness. ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND CHALLENGES AT THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION’S OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Accomplishments and Challenges at the SBA’s Office of International Trade’’. Testi-mony was heard from Peter J. Cazamias, Associate Administrator, Office of International Trade, Small Business Administration. INCREASING U.S. COMPETITIVENESS AND PREVENTING AMERICAN JOBS FROM MOVING OVERSEAS Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Increasing U.S. Competitiveness and Preventing American Jobs from Moving Over-seas’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. PROTECTING AMERICANS’ IDENTITIES: EXAMINING EFFORTS TO LIMIT THE USE OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security; and Subcommittee on Information Technology of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform held a joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Protecting Americans’ Identities: Examining Efforts to Limit the Use of Social Security Num-bers’’. Testimony was heard from Gregory C. Wilshusen, Director, Information Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; Marianna LaCanfora, Acting Deputy Commissioner, Office of Retirement and Disability Policy, Social Security Administration; David DeVries, Chief Information Officer, Office of Personnel Management; Karen Jackson, Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; and John Oswalt, Executive Director for Privacy, Office of Information and Technology, Department of Veterans Affairs. ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Russia Inves-tigation Task Force held a hearing on ongoing intel-ligence activities. Testimony was heard from a public witness. Testimony was heard from a public witness. ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Russia Inves-tigation Task Force held a hearing on ongoing intel-ligence activities. Testimony was heard from a public witness. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD572 May 23, 2017 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Navy and Marine Corps, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine industry perspectives on op-tions and considerations for achieving a 355 ship Navy, 9:30 a.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine Department of Energy atomic energy defense ac-tivities and programs, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine pool safety, focusing on the tenth anniversary of the Vir-ginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on economic issues, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine border insecurity, focusing on the rise of MS–13 and other transnational criminal or-ganizations, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President, Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Ala-bama, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Di-rector of United States Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hear-ings to examine law enforcement access to data stored across borders, focusing on facilitating cooperation and protecting rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: business meeting to consider pending calendar business, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on the National Guard and Reserve, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, oversight hearing on the General Services Ad-ministration, 10 a.m., H–309 Capitol. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Corps of Engi-neers (Civil Works) and the Bureau of Reclamation, 10:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Education, 11 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Indian Health Service, 1 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing entitled ‘‘High Risk American Indian and Alaska Native Programs (Education, Healthcare, Energy)’’, 2 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on the Department of Homeland Security, 3 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Navy FY 2018 Budget Request for Seapower and Projection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Ground Force Modernization Budget Re-quest’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2018 Budget’’, 9:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Empowering Students and Families to Make Informed Decisions on Higher Education’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, markup on H. Res. 201, expressing support to the Government of Argentina for its investiga-tion into the terrorist bombing of the Embassy of Israel in Buenos Aires on March 17, 1992; H. Res. 259, ex-pressing concern and condemnation over the political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela; H. Res. 336, reaffirming a strong commitment to the United States—Mexico Partnership; and H.R. 1918, the ‘‘Nicaragua Investment Conditionality Act of 2017’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Deal Fallout: The Glob-al Threat of Iran’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Architect of the Cap-itol’s Office of Inspector General’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Long-worth. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, to continue markup on H.R. 2431, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforce-ment Act’’; H.R. 2407, to amend the Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D573 May 23, 2017 Act of 2002 to establish United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and for other purposes; H.R. 2406, to amend section 442 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, and for other purposes, and the ‘‘Se-cret Service Reauthorization Act of 2017, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Impacts of Federal Natural Resources Laws Gone Astray’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on the ‘‘Community Reclamation Partnerships Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on the Interior, Energy and the Environment; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining ‘Sue and Settle’ Agreements: Part I’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on Over-sight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Overhead Cost of Research’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 1684, the ‘‘Disaster Assistance Support for Communities and Homeowners Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2258, the ‘‘ADVANCE Act’’; H.R. 2518, the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2547, the ‘‘Veterans Expanded Trucking Opportunities Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2548, the ‘‘FEMA Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and the ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission Author-ization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Re-quest for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘VA Financial Management’’, 2 p.m., 334 Can-non. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2372, ‘‘Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now Act’’; H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; and H.R. 2581, the ‘‘Verify First Act’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing on the President’s Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Proposals with U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD574 May 23, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, post-cloture. Following disposition of the nomination of John J. Sul-livan, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 953— Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017. Consideration of H.R. 1973—Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 1761—Pro-tecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E703 Bishop, Rob, Utah, E698 Black, Diane, Tenn., E701 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E697 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E703 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E697 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E702 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E697 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E700 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E699 Costa, Jim, Calif., E699, E701, E704 Graves, Sam, Mo., E702 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E702 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E701 Himes, James A., Conn., E704 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E699 Katko, John, N.Y., E704 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E703 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E699 Nolan, Richard M., Minn., E698 Olson, Pete, Tex., E699, E700, E702, E704 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E702 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E700 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E699 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E697 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E701 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E700 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E698 Valadao, David G., Calif., E699 Walker, Mark, N.C., E698 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E702 Young, David, Iowa, E699, E703 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 24, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23MY7.REC D23MYPT1