Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the dan-gerous tax plan that is currently being considered by the House Ways and Means Committee. House Republicans wrote this proposal behind closed doors and then presented it to Congress and the public just last week. This is not the kind of bipartisan tax plan we need to help lift up working families, grow our economy, and lead to a better future for our constituents. In fact, under this proposed plan, about 80 percent of the benefits will go to the wealthiest 1 percent. While helping out wealthy individuals and corporations, the proposal hurts many working fami-lies by getting rid of deductions for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.000 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8526 November 7, 2017 
State and local taxes and medical ex-penses, for example. Mr. Speaker, there is another place where this bill will hurt working fami-lies. Mr. Speaker, Benjamin Franklin said: ‘‘an investment in knowledge pays the best interest.’’ When it comes to education, this plan is an inexcus-able lost opportunity. Education is one of the smartest in-vestments we can make, and tax policy is a place where there is tremendous potential to do great things. Unfortu-nately, this tax proposal shortchanges America’s schools, students, and teach-ers. Ninety percent of students attend public schools, yet this tax plan starves public education by making changes to the property tax deduction and reducing funding sources for the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act. On top of that, the plan would turn 529 college savings plans into a Trump- DeVos private school voucher scheme that will primarily aid wealthy fami-lies and will further undermine our public education system. This tax plan doesn’t just hurt our students, it also hurts teachers. Right now, across the country, teachers pay an average of $500 a year out of their pockets to help stock their classrooms with supplies like pencils, notebooks, and materials to enhance learning, and that has been offset by a $250 classroom supplies deduction, which is the least we could do to help those hardworking, underpaid teachers, but this bill elimi-nates that deduction for classroom sup-plies. We should all also be deeply con-cerned about the consequences of this GOP tax plan for families who invest in higher education. The bill eliminates the student loan interest deduction, making it harder, rather than easier, for millions of Americans who are working to pay off their student loans. On top of that, the bill repeals the lifetime learning credit and the Hope scholarship credit, has major reduc-tions in tax credits for tuition, and will make employer-paid tuition count as income. That is the wrong direction. We need a tax proposal that helps, not hurts, students and working families. This proposal takes away important investments in education, and at the same time will add about $1.5 trillion to the deficit, leaving our children and grandchildren to pay the bill. Mr. Speaker, this plan will limit op-portunities for people to get ahead. That is wrong. We should come back to the table and craft a plan that works for all Americans, not a plan that strongly and wrongly favors those at the top. 
f 
AN OUTSTANDING REFUGEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an outstanding edu-cator in my district. Ayan Omar of St. Cloud recently was honored as one of seven recipients of the Outstanding Refugee award from the Minnesota Department of Human Services. This award honors refugees or their children who are making innova-tive contributions to their community, and Ayan is well deserving of this com-mendation. She earned this honor as the result of her civic leadership ef-forts as a language arts teacher at St. Cloud Technical High School. But for Ayan, her work extends be-yond the classroom and into the com-munity. She often speaks on panels or at events, and she was recently a fea-tured speaker at St. Cloud’s TEDx event, where she spoke about inter-personal communication. We are lucky to have educators like Ayan who take their work into the communities they serve. Thank you, Ayan, for your commitment to edu-cation, and congratulations on this well-deserved award. A COMMITMENT TO SAFETY AND CUSTOMERS  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding con-stituent from my district, Andy Thiele of Monticello. Andy recently competed in the 2017 International Foodservice Distributors Association Truck Driving Champion-ship in Orlando, Florida. This competi-tion highlights the best drivers in the food industry. This competition honors drivers from all over the country and their commitment to safety and excel-lent customer service. Andy’s devotion to safety is clear, as he has been accident free for 11 years and counting. IFDA members, like the Twin Cities division of Reinhart Foodservice where Andy is employed, supply food to pro-fessional kitchens, hospitals, care fa-cilities, colleges, and hotels. We need truck drivers like Andy who deliver our Nation’s food efficiently and safely across the country every day. I commend Andy and all those who competed in the competition this year for their dedication to profes-sionalism and safety. I am glad my dis-trict, the State of Minnesota, and our Nation have dedicated truck drivers like Andy Thiele. 
LIFESAVERS IN ST . CLOUD  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize five outstanding constituents in my district for an act of heroism that saved a fellow Min-nesotan. Police officer Curt Grosz, firefighters Adam Imholte and Dennis Ertl, and high school students Abigail Trelfa and Madison DeMarais worked hand in hand to save the life of Daniel Fleigle. Daniel was on a bridge in Sartell, Minnesota, this summer when he acci-dentally touched a live wire and was electrocuted, sending him to the ground. Thankfully, his friends Abigail and Madison reacted immediately, call-ing 911 and beginning CPR. First re-sponders Curt, Adam, and Dennis all responded to this scene shortly there-after, and together they saved Daniel’s life. The quick response of these heroes ensured Daniel’s full recovery. Without them, Daniel would likely not be with us today. I am lucky to represent such selfless and heroic people who run to their fellow citizens in times of need. Thank you Curt, Adam, Dennis, Abi-gail, and Madison for saving Daniel’s life and showing our community what a true hero looks like. ELK RIVER ’S OUTSTANDING VOLUNTEERS  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible members of the Elk River Chamber of Com-merce. Communities in my district like Elk River are successful because the members support and encourage one another. Recently, the Elk River Chamber of Commerce, which represents 360 local businesses, honored some of its most active members as this year’s out-standing volunteers. One was Pam Artmann of Edina Realty Elk River. In just 2 years with the chamber, she was named Ambassador of the Year for bringing positivity to her role. The chamber also honored Tamara Ackerman of Avalon Salon for her work chairing and growing the Shiver Elk River 5K/10K Run. For this, she re-ceived the PACEsetter award, which highlights her dedication to service on the chamber board. Finally, the chamber recognized Mark and Deb Urista of Edina Realty Elk River with the Keystone award, which recognizes their longstanding commitment and work with and on be-half of the chamber. I am honored to represent servant leaders and entrepreneurs like Mark, Deb, Pam, and Tamara. Congratulations to all of you on your well-deserved awards. 
f 
100 PERCENT OPPOSED TO THE GOP TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes, Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say what many in this body have said: we should simplify our Tax Code. However, I am 100 percent opposed to you and your caucus’s ef-forts to write this bill in secret, hidden away from the public eye. I am 100 percent opposed to your plan to give massive tax breaks to a superrich few and leave middle class and working families to pay the bill. As written, the richest 1 percent of Americans will receive one-third of the overall benefits from your so-called tax reform plan in 2018, but by 2027, this lucky superrich handful of Americans will receive half of its benefits. Mr. Speaker, that is just wrong. Hardworking moms and dads deserve a tax break, not the wealthiest. So, yes, I am 100 percent opposed to limiting the State and local tax deduc-tion, a provision in the Republican tax plan that would hike taxes on more than 40 percent of my constituents. I am 100 percent opposed to limiting the student loan deduction, especially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.002 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8527 November 7, 2017 
at a time when student debt totals more than a trillion dollars. Nearly two-thirds of Illinois college graduates have debt, and their average debt to-tals more than $28,000. Mr. Speaker, I am 100 percent op-posed to repealing the elder tax credit, which helps families keep loved ones at home as they age. I am 100 percent opposed to denying teachers, hardworking men and women who have dedicated their lives to teaching the next generation, a deduc-tion when they dip into their own pockets to purchase school supplies their students need. I am 100 percent opposed to repealing the work opportunity tax credit that helps businesses hire our brave vet-erans and young people starting their careers. I am 100 percent opposed to repealing the orphan drug expense credit that helps find cures for terrible diseases like sickle cell anemia, pancreatic can-cer, and cerebral palsy. I am 100 percent opposed to saddling my children and grandchildren with an additional $1.5 trillion in national debt just so Republicans can give a tax break to their donor base. This is a scam. Mr. Speaker, I stand with the National Farmers Union, AARP, the National American Council on Adoptable Children, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, Fix the Debt, the American Society of Civil Engineers, the National Associa-tion of Realtors, the Mortgage Bankers Association, the Chicago Sun-Times, and the majority of Americans in op-posing your so-called tax reform that is, frankly, nothing more than another attempt by the GOP to steal from the middle class and give to the rich. Instead of packaging tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires, let’s work together on a plan for all Ameri-cans. b1015 Let’s stop allowing one side of the aisle the ability to write legislation af-fecting more than 300 million people, in secret, behind closed doors, and away from the public eye. I am 100 percent in favor of bringing in some sunlight and letting the American people know ex-actly what we are doing. I am 100 percent in favor of doing what we were elected to do: fix prob-lems by working together. I am 100 percent in favor of real tax reform. I am 100 percent in favor of giving hardworking moms and dads what they need and deserve: a tax break. I am 100 percent in favor of growing the earned income tax credit so fami-lies get bigger paychecks. I am 100 percent in favor of creating tax initiatives for businesses that hire and train at-risk young people and un-deremployed people. And I am 100 percent in favor of a child care tax credit that actually re-flects the true cost of childcare in America. Let’s put the politics aside and give the American people real tax reform that supports working families and our small businesses. On other note, one more thing I am 100 percent against is more thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence and no action toward gun violence prevention. Shame on us, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
THE REAL COST OF WAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, approxi-mately 5 weeks ago, we tragically lost four soldiers in Niger: Staff Sergeant Bryan Black, Sergeant La David John-son, Staff Sergeant Dustin Wright, and Staff Sergeant Jeremy Johnson. As re-cently as this past week, we lost a sol-dier in Afghanistan, Sergeant First Class Stephen B. Cribben. To honor those I have just named, and their families, I would like to close by reading a September 26, 2010, edi-torial by Bob Schieffer, the host of ‘‘Face the Nation.’’ The title of his edi-torial was: ‘‘The Real Cost of War.’’ ‘‘I was in an airport lounge the other day when I saw a woman across the way. Why I kept staring, I don’t know. Maybe it was just that she seemed so sad. And then I understood. And I looked away, hoping she had not seen me stare. ‘‘Because in her lap was an American flag, neatly folded into a triangle and placed in a clear plastic case—a flag folded the way it always is when it is given to a soldier’s family as the sol-dier’s coffin is lowered into the grave. ‘‘I figured her to be a soldier’s moth-er, and I couldn’t help but wonder what memories that flag evoked as she held it there. ‘‘Did it remind her of the first time she had seen her child in the delivery room, or was it the memory of seeing him go off to school that first day, or when he brought home the prize from the science fair, or maybe made the touchdown, or gave her the first Valen-tine when he wrote out, ‘Mommy, I love you.’ ‘‘I keep thinking about all the talk in Washington about the high costs of de-fense and how we have to cut the Pen-tagon budget before it bankrupts the country. ‘‘But as I watched the woman, budg-ets seemed to be such a small part of all of it. ‘‘No, the real cost of war is not what we pay in dollars and cents. ‘‘The real cost is what we take from a mother who is left with just a mem-ory—and a neatly-folded flag in a clear plastic case.’’ Mr. Speaker, I share that with the House because I do not understand why, after 16 years in Afghanistan, we cannot have a debate on the floor of the House by all the Members here, of both parties, of whether we should con-tinue to stay in Afghanistan or not. After 16 years, we have spent over $1 trillion, 2,300 Americans have been killed, and over 20,000 wounded, but the House does not have a debate. I call on Mr. RYAN to please, as Speaker of the House, initiate the com-mittees of jurisdiction to mark up a new AUMF and bring it to the floor and let the 435 Members of the House have a debate, no matter whether they want to stay or come home. But by not de-bating, we are not meeting our con-stitutional responsibility. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PROPOSAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to alert the American people to the tax scam that is the Republican tax reform proposal, unveiled last week. It is re-ported that President Trump wanted to call this bill ‘‘cut, cut, cut.’’ That would have been apropos. The first cut is for him and his fam-ily members, the second cut is for his wealthy friends and acquaintances, and the third cut is for large corporations classified as LLCs. It certainly does not cut taxes for middle-income fami-lies or most small businesses. In fact, it does just the opposite. It is crystal clear who gets the cuts and who gets to pay more. First and foremost, the GOP tax plan eliminates inheritance taxes that only apply to two-tenths of 1 percent of fam-ilies who wish to pass along their wealth, unearned and untaxed. Why are Republicans doing this? Be-cause it is a huge priority for some of their biggest donors, and the middle-in-come families will be asked to pay for this $172 billion giveaway to the superrich. The GOP pretend not to be cutting taxes for the superrich by maintaining the top rate of 39.6 percent. However, their plan increases the income levels that the 39.6 percent applies to from $470,000 a year to $1 million. These pro-posed rate changes will cost over $1 trillion. The GOP tax plan also features a spe-cial rate for the owners of passthrough businesses that will cost $448 billion. These are LLCs and partnerships that pay zero corporate taxes and whose owners’ income is treated the same as everybody else’s. LLCs and other types of passthroughs make up 95 percent of all the busi-nesses in the country. Some of the largest businesses, like Koch Indus-tries, Chrysler, and, of course, most of the entities owned by the Trump orga-nization are LLCs. Passthroughs that are truly small businesses are not currently subject to the highest individual rates and al-ready pay 25 percent or lower. The Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-nesses opposes this provision for this very reason. Mr. Speaker, most of us, especially those who have worked in State gov-ernments, view our States as the best 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.004 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8528 November 7, 2017 
laboratories for the development of good ideas and best practices. This passthrough idea was the centerpiece of Governor Sam Brownback’s tax overhaul in Kansas 5 years ago. The Governor promised it would yield mas-sive economic growth. And what happened? Kansas was plunged into a massive budget deficit and forced to make draconian cuts to education, infrastructure, and the rest of the State’s operations. This year, the Kansas Legislature overrode Gov-ernor Brownback’s shortsighted experi-ment. I urge my colleagues not to make the same mistake here. This scam will sub-ject the good people of this country to a second great recession in a single decade. Middle-income families will pay more because the GOP plan elimi-nates deductions for State and local taxes. This includes millions of Ameri-cans and over 500,000 South Caro-linians. Middle-income families who itemize deductions will pay more because the elimination of the personal exemption will cost their households $4,000 per member. Middle-income families who utilize mortgage interest deductions will pay more because the GOP plan lowers the cap. Middle-income families with children in college, or recent graduates, will pay more because the GOP plan eliminates the deductions for interest on student loans. Middle-income families that are vic-tims of natural disasters will pay more because the GOP plan eliminates the casualty loss deduction. Mr. Speaker, I rise to alert the American people to the tax scam that is the Republican ‘‘tax reform’’ proposal, unveiled last week. It is reported that President Trump wanted to call this bill, ‘‘cut, cut, cut.’’ That would have been apropos. The first cut is for him and his family members, the second cut is for his wealthy friends and acquaintances, and the third cut is for large corporations classified as LLCs. It certainly does not cut taxes for middle income families or most small businesses. In fact, it does just the opposite. It is crystal clear who gets the cuts and who gets to pay more. First and foremost, the GOP tax plan elimi-nates inheritance taxes. This tax only applies to estates of over $11 million and only affects two tenths of one percent of families in Amer-ica, those who wish to pass along their wealth, unearned and untaxed. Why are Republicans doing this? Because it’s a huge priority for some of their biggest donors. In fact, this cut is not even about the 0.2 percent—it’s really about two families—the Mercers and the Kochs. The bottom line is that America’s hard-work-ing low, moderate and middle-income families will be asked to pay for this $172 billion dollar give away to the super rich. At the heart of this scam is the GOP pre-tense not to be cutting taxes for the super-rich by maintaining the top rate of 39.6 percent. However, it increases the income level that the 39.6 percent applies to; from $470,000 to $1 million. These proposed rate changes will cost over $1 trillion. This cut also goes to those who make far more than $1 million as well. Whether your in-come is $1 million, $10 million, or $100 mil-lion, this provision alone gives you an extra $25,000 a year. Mr. Speaker, many South Carolinians I represent do not make $25,000 in a year. The GOP tax plan also features a special rate for the owners of ‘‘pass-through’’ busi-nesses at a cost of $448 billion. These are LLCs and partnerships, who pay zero cor-porate tax, and whose owners’ income is treated the same as anybody else’s. The Republicans claim that giving these owners a special lower rate will help small businesses, but nothing could be further from the truth. LLCs and other types of pass- throughs make up 95 percent of all the busi-nesses in the country. In fact, some of the largest businesses like Koch Industries, Chrys-ler, and of course, most of the entities owned by the Trump Organization, are LLCs. Pass-throughs that are truly small busi-nesses are not currently subject to the highest individual rates, and already pay 25 percent or lower. The National Federation of Independent Businesses opposes this provision for this very reason. It delivers a special low tax rate to wealthy owners and will not help the small businesses they claim that it will. Mr. Speaker, most of us, especially those who have worked in State governments, view our states as the best laboratories for the de-velopment of good ideas and best practices. This pass-through idea was the centerpiece of Governor Sam Brownback’s tax overhaul in Kansas just five years ago. The Governor promised it would yield massive economic growth. And what happened? Kansas was plunged into a massive budget deficit and forced to make draconian cuts to education, infrastructure, and the rest of the state’s oper-ations. This year, the Kansas legislature overrode Governor Brownback’s short-sighted experi-ment. I urge my colleagues not to make the same mistake. This scam will subject the good peo-ple of this country into a second great reces-sion in a single decade. Let’s take a look at who pays more while the President and his wealthy friends and ac-quaintances pay less. Middle income families will pay more be-cause the GOP plan eliminates deductions on state and local taxes. This includes millions of Americans and over 500,000 South Caro-linians. Middle income families who itemize deduc-tions will pay more because the elimination of the personal exemption will cost their house-holds $4,000 per member. Middle income families who utilize the mort-gage interest deduction will pay more because the GOP plan lowers the cap, costing millions of Americans more. Middle income families with children in col-lege or recent graduates will pay more be-cause the GOP plan eliminates the deduction for interest on student loans. Middle income families that are victims of natural disasters will pay more because the GOP plan eliminates the casualty loss deduc-tion. Middle income families who adopt children will pay more because the GOP plan elimi-nates the adoption tax credit. Middle income school teachers will pay more because the GOP plan eliminates their ability for to deduct for supplies they may pur-chase for their classrooms. Middle income families struggling to pay costly medical bills will pay more because the GOP plan shamefully eliminates their deduct-ibility. Mr. Speaker, paying for pass-through gim-micks and tax giveaways to multi-millionaires by raising taxes on moderate and middle-in-come Americans is reprehensible. Democrats are ready to do real tax reform on a bipartisan basis. But not once in this process, has the other side attempted to ne-gotiate. In fact, they have publicly made it abundantly clear that they want a bill that only Republicans will support. Bipartisan tax reform should lower taxes for working people, not raise them. Bipartisan tax reform should end incentives for offshoring jobs and level the playing field for American corporations. Bipartisan tax reform should expand the Earned Income Tax Credit for single filers and the Child Tax Credit to help families. Real bipartisan tax reform would not in-crease the deficit, add to the debt and pass the bill on to our children and grandchildren. I know many of my colleagues share these values. Let’s set aside this partisan process and do something worthwhile for the American people. Until then, the Democratic Caucus will be resolute in our opposition to ramming through tax increases for middle income Americans and massive giveaways for the rich. 
f 
COMMEMORATING VETERANS DAY AND HONORING SERVICE ANI-MALS FOR VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, as the Nation celebrates Veterans Day this week, a day we honor those who served our country, I am happy to re-port the VA has made great strides in improving and assisting veterans with physical injuries. It struggled, how-ever, to deal with many of the invisible injuries plaguing our veterans, like post-traumatic stress disorder. These invisible injuries ravage our Nation’s veteran population, with an average of more than 20 veterans a day committing suicide. This is entirely unacceptable. We must work harder to look for real solutions to this crisis. That is why I am here today urging my colleagues to support the Puppies Assisting Wounded Servicemembers Act, also known as the PAWS Act. The PAWS Act will set up a 5-year pilot program in the VA to provide post-9/11 veterans suffering from PTSD with service dogs if other treatments have not been successful. Individuals suffering from PTSD ex-perience emotional numbness, loneli-ness, nightmares, hypervigilance, and anxiety. However, traditional VA treatments are symptoms-based and often have side effects or fail to ad-dress the root of these issues. Service dogs, however, have no side effects. They can be used in tandem with other treatments. They can be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.006 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8529 November 7, 2017 
trained to wake their owners from nightmares, create a buffer zone in large crowds, remind their owners to take their medication, and watch their owners’ back to provide a sense of secu-rity and more. I have heard from veterans suffering from PTSD that sometimes the hardest part of the day is just getting out of bed in the morning. The schedule of walking, feeding, and caring for his or her service dog offers veterans purpose and a sense of responsibility. Ulti-mately, a service dog and its owner better each others’ lives. It is important that the House pass the PAWS Act and allow the VA to ex-amine the efficiency and effectiveness of providing veterans with service dogs. While talking about service animals, I would also like to recognize Eli’s Fund, an initiative at Texas A&M Uni-versity created in memory of the late Lance Corporal Colton Rusk and Eli, his service dog, that provides financial support for service animals of Active- Duty servicemen and -women, medi-cally retired veterans’ service animals, and retired military animals, to help with veterinary medical bills. It is im-portant that military animals continue to be cared for in retirement. 
CONGRATULATING GEORGE GONZALES AND THE  
CORPUS CHRISTI ARMY DEPOT FOR OUT -
STANDING SERVICE  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent the Corpus Christi Army Depot, considered as the jewel of the Army Depot system. CCAD is currently the largest rotary wing aircraft facility in the world. In-stead of buying new helicopters, which cost $17 million or more, CCAD repairs and rehabilitates the current fleet, often at less than half the cost of new helicopters. CCAD saves taxpayers mil-lions of dollars, while ensuring the U.S. Army maintains a superior level of readiness and reliability. This would not be possible without outstanding employees like Army vet-eran George Gonzalez, who recently re-ceived the prestigious 2017 Donald F. Luce Depot Maintenance Artisan Award, given annually to one indi-vidual who makes an outstanding con-tribution to Army aviation in the area of depot maintenance. Gonzales leads a 31-man team that reassembles UH–60 Black Hawk heli-copters. Under his leadership, the team has reduced the average build time from 42 to 17 days. Congratulations, George, and your team, and everyone at CCAD, who are doing an outstanding job ensuring our warfighters are equipped with the avia-tion assets they need to keep America safe and be a force for good around the world. b1030 
RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF  
COMMANDER ARMANDO SOLIS  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to recognize the career of recently retired Flour Bluff High School Navy Junior ROTC instructor, Commander Armando Solis. In 1993, following completion of near-ly 22 years in the United States Navy, Commander Solis became the inau-gural Navy Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps naval science instruc-tor at Flour Bluff High School. Over the next 24 years, Commander Solis not only instilled his students with values of citizenship, service to the United States, personal responsibility, and sense of accomplishment, but he also created one of the most successful JROTC programs in the Nation. In his first year, the Navy selected the Flour Bluff program as the best new program in Texas and, by his fourth year, the best in the Nation. With 23 years as a distinguished honors program, 22 Texas Navy JROTC cham-pionships, a record 11 Navy national championship titles, and the honor of being the only Navy program to win the All-Service National Drill Team Championship, Commander Solis has touched the lives of thousands of stu-dents, instilling them with the values of patriotism, loyalty, and, most im-portantly, service. Thank you, Commander Solis, for your commitment to our students and our Nation. I wish you the best in re-tirement. f 
TAX PLAN DOES NOT ELIMINATE LOOPHOLES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, it is always an honor to stand in the well of the House and have the oppor-tunity to speak to not only the Mem-bers of Congress, but to the American people. Today, Mr. Speaker, I rise because I am in opposition to a tax plan that has been said to eliminate loopholes, but has not done so. Let me explain, Mr. Speaker. I will address but one loophole. I will address the loophole that allowed a person who made $3 billion one year—by the way, I don’t begrudge him for making $3 bil-lion. I like to see people make as much as they can make in this country, but I also think that every person ought to pay for his or her fair taxes on what-ever they earn. This person made $3 billion. How much is $3 billion? Well, let me explain. Mr. Speaker, $3 billion, it would take a minimum-wage worker working full time, Mr. Speaker, 198,000 years to make $3 billion; 198,000 years. I don’t begrudge a person for making it, but here is the point: if you make it, you ought to pay your fair share of taxes on it. This country makes it possible for us to do great things. This country makes it possible for us to succeed. So if you have succeeded in this country, you ought to contribute to the country itself. He made $3 billion and paid taxes that were called carried interest. He did not pay ordinary income taxes. In fact, he paid less than half of what a person making much less—persons who may have worked for him, maybe a sec-retary, maybe somebody who was mak-ing money at a much lower level in that company—paid less than half in taxes in terms of the amount to be paid, the percentage of the earnings; less than half of the ordinary income tax. It is called carried interest. Well, the commitment was that you were going to close loopholes. You haven’t closed that loophole. You haven’t eliminated that loophole. I know that there is talk about reducing the size of a big loop-hole and making it a little less big, but that is not what you promised. You said you were going to eliminate the loopholes. This loophole sends a signal to ordinary Americans who are work-ing hard every day. It says to them that you are willing to allow the rich to have more to do more, but you be-lieve that those who work hard every day can do more with less. Mr. Speaker, I refuse that philos-ophy. I reject it. I believe that if you are working hard every day, if you are earning middle class wages, you ought to be able to get the tax break prom-ised. I don’t think that the tax break should go to the person who can make $3 billion and pay less than half of ordi-nary income tax on it. Carried interest was a commitment that was made. The elimination of car-ried interest has not taken place. You have not kept your word. There are many other aspects of it. You can’t talk about all of them in one message. But you can do this: you can make it clear to working class people, to mid-dle-income people, that this tax plan is for those who are going to make the carried interest kind of money, the $3 billion, the money that will allow them to go on and do great things, but won’t cause them to have to pay their fair share of taxes. Mr. Speaker, I believe in fairness for all, and that includes the very, very rich. 
f 
COMMEMORATING NATIVE AMER-ICAN HERITAGE MONTH AND HONORING DR. RUDI MITCHELL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Na-tive American Heritage Month by hon-oring a dedicated community leader and warrior from Nebraska’s Second Congressional District. Growing up on the Umonhon Nation Reservation in Macy, Nebraska, Dr. Rudi Mitchell was one of eight children raised by a single mother. Rudi’s mom, Mary Lieb Mitchell, was a strong woman and a major influence in the lives of her children. Her focus was education and ensuring her children had the opportunities that she did not have. It was because of her that Rudi and his siblings all went out to pursue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.007 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8530 November 7, 2017 
higher education. Including nieces and nephews, 15 members of his family have earned degrees ranging from bachelor’s to doctorate, to medical degrees. In 1964, Rudi felt the call to serve our Nation at a time of war and enlisted in the United States Army Medical Corps. As he will tell you, Native Americans consider it an honor to serve as a war-rior, and he was proud to do so in the U.S. Army. He was a part of the Army Medical Corps and served a total of 3 years and 13 months of which he de-ployed to South Korea, providing med-ical support to troops. Once his service was complete, Dr. Mitchell used the GI Bill to attend the University of Nebraska Omaha, and in August of 1973, he earned his bachelor of general studies with an emphasis on social work. He then pursued and re-ceived his master of social work in Au-gust of 1975. With his degrees in hand and inspired by his mother’s dreams, Dr. Mitchell worked for the Nebraska Indian Inter-tribal Development Corporation and the Bureau of Indian Affairs for Winne-bago. After that, he returned to the Umonhon Nation Reservation in Macy, Nebraska, and was the acting director of the outpatient mental health-social services department at the Carl T. Cur-tis Health Education Center. Rudi then earned his doctorate of education and counseling and psychology from the University of South Dakota in Decem-ber of 1987. Dr. Mitchell continued to serve those residing at the Macy and Winnebago Reservations, including as interim president of the Nebraska Indian Com-munity College and, most recently, as the assistant professor of Native Amer-ican studies at Creighton University. He is also listed as a qualified expert witness in Indian child welfare cases in the courts of the State of Nebraska. His deep compassion for the youth of the Umonhon Nation inspires him to continue to make an impact. With the high suicide rate and many suffering from depression, Dr. Mitchell has made it a mission of his to interact with the youth as a social worker and mental health therapist. As an elder of the Umonhon Nation, Dr. Mitchell partici-pates and leads traditional Umonhon prayer ceremonies in welcome and graduation ceremonies. Rudi continues to preserve his native language, which his mother did not allow to be spoken in his childhood home because she wanted them to learn English. He also is working to re-vive the lost culture of his Nation, in-cluding the importance of his Indian name. His is Sihi-duba of the Buffalo Clan. As a direct descendant of Chief Big Elk, the last hereditary chief of the Umonhon Nation, Dr. Mitchell followed his great-great-great-great-grand-father’s legacy of leadership, and has served as a Native American leader on the local, State, and national level. From 1992 to 1995, he was the Tribal chairman of the Umonhon Nation and the chief elected governmental rep-resentative of his people. He presided over the elected Tribal Council at all official meetings and represented their interests with county supervisors, the Nebraska Unicameral, the United States Congress, State Governors, the President of the United States, and international leaders. In addition, Dr. Mitchell serves on the board of directors for the Big Elk Native American Center, a nonprofit that is working to provide a multitude of services to more than 8,000 Native Americans from over 130 Tribes that reside in the Omaha area. Currently, the nonprofit provides language serv-ices, teaching the Umonhon language, and providing expert witnesses. Dr. Mitchell is a lifetime member of the VFW Post 1581 and the American Legion Post 1, and although he has of-ficially retired, he still serves as an elder of the Omaha Tribe. Through his lifetime of dedicated service, he has helped many youth and members of the Umonhon Nation overcome depression and learn about their heritage. We are proud to recognize Dr. Mitch-ell as a true warrior, patriot, and self-less servant; one that not only fought for his Nation, but also for those im-pacted by mental health issues, and continues to keep his Native American culture and heritage alive for future generations. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOSHUA RYAN REDNER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Joshua Ryan Redner, a young man from my district in Levittown whose tragic story illustrates exactly why we can-not waver in our commitment to fight-ing the opioid epidemic. During his final year of high school, Josh was prescribed Percocet to treat the pain from a knee injury. His par-ents, George and Jacqui, never imag-ined that their son, a star athlete, and an excellent student who planned to at-tend the Coast Guard Academy could be dragged down by addiction. But addiction can impact anyone, Mr. Speaker. Not long after the initial prescription, Josh’s family noticed changes in his behavior. Then, long after Josh’s prescription had run dry, George and Jacqui were still finding pills in Josh’s room. Recognizing the beginning of a serious problem, Josh’s parents sat him down and Josh com-mitted to getting clean. Working to get the help he needed, Josh entered rehab. Unfortunately, the treatment did not hold and thus began a cycle of relapse, followed by stints in rehab. George and Jacqui were shocked to learn that Josh eventually moved from OxyContin, which was expensive and hard to find, to heroin, which was cheap and easily found—a transition that is all too common. Tragedy struck the Redner family with the passing of Josh’s older broth-er, George. Devastated by the loss of his role model, Josh used the power of his grief to get clean and live a life that would have made his older brother proud. Josh found a good-paying job, acted as a role model for his three younger brothers, and was saving money to buy a home. Mr. Speaker, it is with a broken heart that I say that this is not how Josh’s story ended. Josh once again re-lapsed. Speaking with his parents over the phone, Josh assured them that he would be okay and asked that they pick him up the next morning. Having no other options, George and Jacqui agreed. The next morning, George and Jacqui found Josh next to a picture of his older brother, George, having lost his battle with addiction. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with you the words that Jacqui shared with me. Her incredible strength is a testament to the love she has for her sons. Jacqui said: This heroin epidemic affects everyone it touches. It is not going away. It is only get-ting worse. I don’t want any parent to have to bury their child. I should not have had to bury two of mine. If we can together save one more child from going down the same path as our Josh did, then our efforts will be worth it. f 
VETERANS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair now recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, in the year 1918, on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of the year, the armi-stice ending World War I was signed. Originally known as Armistice Day, Congress passed and President Dwight Eisenhower signed a resolution offi-cially designating November 11 as Vet-erans Day. Now, every year, Americans pause on this special day to recognize all those, young and old, who have served our country in uniform. While we should honor the service and sacrifice of our veterans every day, this day provides a unique opportunity for us to come together as a nation and pay tribute to the men and women who put their lives on the line for our free-dom. This year I will be participating in my hometown of Montgomery’s Vet-erans Day event, and I highly encour-age you and your families to attend the festivities in your area. I can promise you that you won’t regret it. For me, it is not only an opportunity to express my gratitude to those who have served, but it is also a chance for my children to meet veterans and to better under-stand the sacrifices that they have made for us. If you can’t attend an event in per-son, I hope you will take time to reach out to friends and relatives who have served and let them know how much you appreciate them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.009 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8531 November 7, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, this Veterans Day comes as services for veterans are im-proving both on a national level and lo-cally in Alabama’s Second Congres-sional District. I have been impressed by the leadership of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Dr. David Shulkin. He has been making the long-troubled department work better for those it serves. Closer to home for me, the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System has improved its service rating and now ranks three out of five stars. This is encouraging news, especially consid-ering that just a few short years ago the Central Alabama VA was one of the Nation’s worst. Our VA now has the steady leadership of Dr. Linda Boyle, and there is no question that her guid-ance has made a difference in making this sustained progress. b1045 I am eager to see it continue. We still have significant issues to address at our Central Alabama VA, which is why I will remain actively engaged in work-ing to turn around the system. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to represent a district that is home to one of the Nation’s highest concentra-tions of veterans and retired military personnel. One of the most rewarding parts of this job is being able to advo-cate for those who have served this Na-tion in uniform. I take my responsibility to look after veterans very seriously, whether push-ing for better policies or fighting to improve access to the VA medical serv-ices or going to bat on behalf of some-one the bureaucracy has left behind. So, Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by extending my sincere gratitude to everyone who has served this country and their families. Our country is great because of the men and women who were willing to sacrifice on our behalf. 
f 
THE ESTATE TAX The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the amazing story of Rick Corman, the hardworking, hard-charg-ing founder of R.J. Corman Railroad Group in Nicholasville, Kentucky, in my district. Rick’s life story is an ex-ample of the American Dream, and his tireless spirit, grit, determination, and generosity benefited not only the em-ployees of R.J. Corman, but an entire community. Unfortunately, because of America’s broken Tax Code, the abilities of entre-preneurs like Rick are compromised, and the estate tax, in particular, threatens the future ability of the R.J. Corman Railroad Group to continue to drive economic growth, employment, and charitable giving in Kentucky. This story is timely. As Congress takes on the task of reforming our bro-ken Tax Code over the next few weeks, critics will undoubtedly protest that this plan is a tax cut for the rich, and they will cite our changes to the estate tax as an example. But as the story of Rick Corman reveals, the estate tax is not a tax on the wealthy as much as it is an unfair penalty on hard work, jobs, charity, upward mobility, and the American Dream. In 1973, after growing up in a low-in-come, five-room house with no interior bathroom, Rick Corman started his company immediately following high school graduation with nothing more than a dump truck, a backhoe, and a tenacious spirit. Driven by his remark-able operator skills, and then by his commitment to safe and reliable serv-ice, Rick was able to become a trusted provider in the railroad industry. But his success would not have been possible without the assistance early in his career from Luther Deaton, a com-munity banker for what is now called Central Bank in Kentucky. As Rick grew his company, he faced debts and cash flow problems. He struggled to get a loan. As Luther said: He had a good company; he just faced a cash crunch. But Rick invited Luther to the site of a coal train derailment inside a tun-nel in the middle of the night to show his work; and Rick, recalling the epi-sode, laughed because he had gotten his banker filthy and covered in coal dust. But after that experience and seeing how hard Rick worked, Luther knew that this man would not fail. So Rick was then able to secure character- based loans that allowed his company to thrive because his community bank-er was willing to take a risk on him based on what he knew about his busi-ness and Rick’s drive to succeed. Today, this type of loan would never be allowed under the overly restricted Dodd-Frank law, but those loans proved to be essential for the growth of Rick’s company and ultimately highly profitable for the bank. Without access to capital, today’s en-trepreneurs are prohibited from doing what Rick Corman did. Over 40 years he grew his company into what is today known as R.J. Corman Railroad Group, continuously investing profits back into his business, into its work-ers, and into the surrounding commu-nity. Today, R.J. Corman has field offices in 23 States. The company serves all seven class I railroads, many regional and short line railroads, as well as var-ious rail-served industries. Rick grew the company into what it is today by treating all of his workers well, working alongside them, and never asking them to do a job that Rick himself was unable or incapable of doing himself. The company’s diver-sity and investment in people gave it the ability to service all aspects of the freight railroad industry at any scale. The company has been critical to re-storing service when class I railroads are devastated by flooding or storms like Hurricanes Katrina, Harvey, or Irma. But now the future success of this company is threatened by the estate tax, also known as the death tax. In 2013, Rick Corman passed away after a heroic 12-year battle with cancer. It re-sulted in the transfer of his life’s work to a living trust. More than anything, Rick had an intense appreciation for the hard work and loyalty of his em-ployees who had been and continue to be an integral part of the company’s success, and he wanted to ensure that he protected their jobs into the future. Since Rick’s passing, the trust has continued to reinvest cash into the company, as he intended, and the com-pany continues to operate and help those who have benefited from it. The company has invested nearly $110 mil-lion in capital assets, and employment has grown by 53 percent, nearly 450 jobs. The company has donated more than $2.5 million to charitable causes since Rick’s passing. But due to the estate tax, the com-pany has yet to feel the full impact of the tax. But starting in 2019, nearly 30 percent of its annual cash flow will be pulled from the company as a result. This will significantly impact R.J. Corman’s ability to create jobs, pur-chase equipment, and donate to char-ity. The leadership of the company now tells me that the government will actu-ally lose revenue because the company will not be able to grow and create jobs that would produce more revenue than the estate tax will produce. This is an example of why it is so im-portant we end this unfair tax. The death tax destroys intergenerational small businesses and family farms throughout the Nation owned by people who started with literally nothing and worked their entire life to build a suc-cessful company and jobs. So as we look at the estate tax and tax reform in the coming weeks, I hope my colleagues will remember the story of Rick Corman. These families and these businesses should not have to fear triple taxation from Washington just because someone passes away. Our bill immediately delivers relief from this tax, and I hope that we will pass a repeal of the estate tax to honor entrepreneurs, job creators, and philan-thropists like Rick Corman. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 51 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Chaplain Michael J. Halyard, South Texas Veterans Health Care System, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.010 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8532 November 7, 2017 
San Antonio, Texas, offered the fol-lowing prayer: Merciful and loving God, source of life and constant guide to Your people, we ask Your blessings on our esteemed Representatives as they continue to help govern a course for our Nation and its citizens. In these days of disrepute and impro-priety, keep them steadfast in their de-liberations. Inspire them to continue in their journey to promote the values upon which this great Nation was founded: justice, liberty, equality, free-dom, and peace. As Your blessings of goodness tran-scend into a dynamic of creativity, help us to see signs of hope born of pain as we often find ourselves present in the midst of uncertainty and suffering. May the vacuous space left by stains of catastrophic occurrences open the minds and hearts of all to deeper com-passion and a new level of human un-derstanding. May all that is done here today be for our American democracy while reflect-ing Your resplendent honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. PITTENGER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN MICHAEL J. HALYARD The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my colleagues to our guest chaplain for the U.S. House of Representatives, Reverend Captain Michael Halyard of Jackson-ville, Florida—previously of Jackson-ville, Florida, I should say. Upon his return from Iraq just recently, he has been deployed to San Antonio, Texas, and that is a loss for northeast Florida. Reverend Halyard is a respected com-munity leader who is devoted to his community, country, family, and faith. Reverend Halyard serves as a staff chaplain at Community Hospice of Northeast Florida, and he served as an assistant pastor at the United Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Jackson-ville. He is also a member of the Flor-ida National Guard, where he has served as the combat veteran battalion chaplain since 2009. Reverend Halyard leads his church and his community by serving his Na-tion, leading worship services, and by providing support for grieving families. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues today to welcome Reverend Halyard. May God bless him and our Nation, and especially those who he will be serving in Texas, particularly Sutherland Springs, Texas, today. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed light on the appalling state of our Nation’s immigration de-tention centers. Devoid of health services and basic medical standards, these ICE facilities are cruel and inhumane. Suicide rates are high, children and families are traumatized, and LGBT detainees are subject to alarming rates of abuse. These centers are also very expen-sive. Daily operations cost $165 per de-tainee, and $2 billion, annually, despite detention alternatives that can cost as little as $9 a day. Yet even with this track record, ICE funding has nearly doubled from the Bush administration to today, and transparency has fallen by the wayside under the current administration, all while conditions continue to deterio-rate. Inhumane treatment of the undocu-mented cannot be rewarded with re-peated budget increases. It goes against our country’s most funda-mental values and cannot continue. We must cut ICE’s budget until these con-cerns are addressed. f 
CELEBRATING JEAN GAINES’ 40TH ANNIVERSARY AT GENEVA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Jean Gaines for her 40 years of service at the Geneva Chamber of Commerce, most recently as their president. Under her leader-ship, the chamber has grown substan-tially, to the benefit of our community and to the State of Illinois. To those who know Jean Gaines, she is described as intelligent, alert, and fun-loving, a good mix of qualities to steer the board of directors through many challenges. Through hard work, she has devel-oped multiple festivals and business ac-tivities, including the Festival of the Vine and the opening of the Geneva Visitor Center. Her contributions have made the chamber of commerce a vibrant organi-zation and a model for many other chambers throughout the State of Illi-nois and throughout the country. Her family has also had a hand in the chamber’s success. Her husband, John; daughter, Kristine; son-in-law, Jerry Holtz; son, Mark; and grandsons, Jack and Luke Holtz, have all worked in countless events in their support of our local business community. Jean, congratulations on 40 great years of service. Your hard work helps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.013 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8533 November 7, 2017 
American business succeed, and we are grateful. 
f 
GOP TAX PLAN WILL HURT WORKING FAMILIES (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today against the GOP tax plan that benefits the top 1 percent by raising taxes on millions of working families. It eliminates important tax incentives for middle class families and those who strive to join the middle class. This bill would no longer allow Americans to deduct interest on stu-dent loans, making college even more expensive. By capping the mortgage deduction, it keeps the American Dream of own-ing your home in economically vibrant areas of my State out of reach. The bill ransacks Medicare and Med-icaid by $1.5 trillion, and if you have a sick child or a family member with dis-abilities or long-term medical needs, you will struggle just to make ends meet. While the tax cuts for billionaires and corporations are permanent, the help for working families would dis-appear over time. Raising taxes on middle class fami-lies isn’t the kind of tax reform our country needs. This isn’t the relief they were promised. This isn’t the re-lief they deserve. Working moms and dads can’t simply hope that corporate tax cuts turn into profits that trickle down to them. Mr. Speaker, we need to invest in economic growth, not in hurting work-ing families across America. 
f 
AMBASSADOR HALEY SPEAKS TRUTH (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, congratulations to Ambas-sador Nikki Haley, the former Gov-ernor of South Carolina, for leadership opposing a misguided U.N. resolution calling for the U.S. to lift the Cuban embargo. This was a resolution the Obama administration has shamefully abstained from voting on. Rather than bow down to the Cuban Communist dictatorship, Ambassador Haley stood up to them and stood up for the oppressed people of Cuba. Ambassador Haley correctly re-viewed: ‘‘The United States opposes this resolution today in continued soli-darity with the Cuban people and in the hope that they will one day be free to choose their own destiny.’’ The economic catastrophe of Cuba is due to the Communist, totalitarian dictatorship, not the American embar-go. As cited by the late Prime Min-ister, Margaret Thatcher: socialism will work until you run out of spending other people’s money. Ambassador Haley’s service has ush-ered in a new era of moral clarity. The United States is again a leader for ex-panded freedom. President Donald Trump’s commitment to peace through strength is going to make the world safer for American families, along with Vice President MIKEPENCE , who is here in the Capitol Building today. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
TAX PLAN AND EDUCATION (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, are there students in our country who think college has become too af-fordable? parents who feel that saving for their children’s education has be-come too easy? I know that my con-stituents would certainly answer with a resounding ‘‘no.’’ Why would anyone support a tax bill that would make college even more ex-pensive for our students? When will we start working together to put the interests of average Ameri-cans before the interests of large cor-porations? According to the Ways and Means summary, the Republican tax bill would increase the cost to students at-tending college by $65 billion—that is billion with a B—over the next decade. This administration promised to put money back in the pockets of Ameri-cans who need it the most, and this misguided tax bill does the exact oppo-site. Mr. Speaker, education is the corner-stone of our global competitiveness, and this Republican bill would only make college less affordable and less accessible. I urge my colleagues to re-ject this assault on the middle class. 
f 
HONORING DR. BILLY GRAHAM’S 99TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Dr. Billy Graham, a revered national treasure, who cele-brates his 99th birthday today. The world honors Dr. Graham’s birth-day because of a decision he made 83 years ago. On November 1, 1934, at a Mordecai Ham tent revival in Char-lotte, North Carolina, young Billy Gra-ham accepted Jesus as his personal Savior and committed his life to tell-ing others about Jesus’ love and for-giveness. God used that decision to im-pact countless lives around the world. While Presidents have sought his counsel over many decades and mil-lions have gone forward to accept Jesus Christ at his meetings, Dr. Graham is remembered most for honoring and fol-lowing his Lord and master. On a personal note, I first met Dr. Graham back in 1971 when I served as his caddy at the Byron Nelson Pro-Am, playing with Byron Nelson, Bob Hope, and Arnold Palmer. That was a fun time, but I have admired his walk with Jesus ever since. Happy birthday, Dr. Graham. f 
GOP TAX PLAN (Ms. MATSUI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republican tax plan. This bill is nothing but a giveaway to America’s wealthiest and corporations on the backs of middle class families. The GOP tax plan gets rid of com-monsense policies that the American people rely upon: It eliminates the student loan deduc-tion that helps young people pay for college; It eliminates the medical expense de-duction, which helps families strug-gling with diseases like Alzheimer’s af-ford care; It eliminates the deduction for teach-ers that helps them purchase supplies for the classroom; and It sharply reduces the State and local tax deductions that my constituents in Sacramento rely upon. Meanwhile, when the national debt grows as a result of the GOP’s un-funded tax breaks, Republicans will turn around and justify cuts to earned benefits like Medicare and Social Secu-rity. Middle class Americans shouldn’t be punished so that the megarich and cor-porations get a break. 
f 
b1215 OPIOID CRISIS (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend President Trump for his attention to the opioid epidemic sweeping over our great Nation and his declaration of a public health emer-gency. As we work to address this epidemic, I was happy to welcome Richard Baum, the acting director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, to Cecil County in Maryland’s First Congres-sional District 10 days ago for their Prescription Drug Take Back Day. My home State of Maryland has been hit particularly hard by the opioid crisis. Last year, 89 percent of all intoxication deaths in Maryland were linked to opioid abuse, and the frequency of opioid-related deaths quadrupled over the last 7 years. But despite these frightening statis-tics, State and Federal lawmakers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.015 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8534 November 7, 2017 
across the country are still pushing to legalize recreational marijuana. Mari-juana use increases the risk of cancer, hinders brain development in adoles-cents and young adults, and encourages experimentation with even more dan-gerous drugs, including opioids. Mr. Speaker, with the opioid crisis our Nation is currently fighting, why on Earth should we increase access to an addictive gateway drug? 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I have grave concerns with the so-called tax plan Republicans are peddling. It should be called the Republican tax scam. Working Americans are being sold a bill of goods. Let me be crystal clear: this plan will not cut taxes for working middle class families. This is a tax cut for Wall Street and a tax hike for Main Street. And what does your family get? More cuts to children’s education, deep cuts to your healthcare, and deep cuts to lifesaving emergency services. Over 50 million taxpaying households will pay more taxes every April 15, due to this tax scam. Let me repeat that another way. This tax scam gets rid of credits and deductions for the middle class and keeps loopholes for corpora-tions to ship your jobs overseas. Mr. Speaker, I am completely op-posed to this tax scam that cuts taxes for big corporations, and it forces big cuts to Medicare, education, and Social Security. This tax scam is wrong. 
f 
SUPPORT VETERANS (Mr. THOMPSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, the Nation celebrates Veterans Day. Originally called Armistice Day, November 11, 1919, marked the end of World War I. In 1926, Congress passed a resolution for an annual observance, and Novem-ber 11 became a national holiday in 1938. In 1954, the holiday was renamed Veterans Day. Mr. Speaker, we all want to thank our veterans for their service to this Nation, and there is no better way to do so than to care for them when they return home. That is why I encourage my colleagues to support the Veterans E-Health and Telemedicine Support Act, or the VETS Act. This bill will be on the floor this afternoon, and it will allow VA health professionals to practice telemedicine across State borders to care for more of America’s veterans. This Nation has the technology available today to pro-vide care for our veterans, no matter where they reside. This bill upholds our promise to be there for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the VETS Act and work to give our veterans access to the best care possible, no matter where they are or where they live. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. JOACHIM FRANK (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent of mine, Dr. Joachim Frank. Dr. Frank is a faculty member at Columbia Univer-sity who, earlier this month, along with his international research col-leagues, was awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. Dr. Frank becomes the third con-stituent from New York’s 13th Congres-sional District who has received this tremendous honor and crowning achievement from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Dr. Frank’s work and success is the foundation for sci-entists to explore and illuminate an al-most unimaginable world that exists much beyond what you and I can imag-ine. We will see new medicines, curative therapies, and access to more informa-tion than we have ever seen before: the true product and potential of unrelent-ing intellectual curiosity. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to congratulate my constituent, Dr. Joachim Frank, and his research part-ners as the distinguished recipients of the 2017 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DIWALI AND HINDU NEW YEAR (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Diwali, known as the Festival of Lights, and to recog-nize the Hindu New Year. The Hindu community comes to-gether wearing their finest clothing to celebrate this occasion. Families pre-pare for Goddess Lakshmi’s arrival weeks in advance by decorating their porches with colorful designs, or rangoli; preparing sweets and savories; and lighting divos. On the night before Diwali, they light divos, symbolically asking Bhagwan to expel their igno-rance and enlighten their souls. Lights, candles, and fireworks are an integral part of the festivities. I was honored to be able to attend multiple celebrations at the BAPS mandirs in my district in Levittown, Warrington, and Souderton. As I trav-eled from celebration to celebration, I got to share in the absolute joy of my constituents as they celebrated with friends and with family. I was moved to be asked to participate in the lighting ceremonies, and I was in awe of the beauty of the festivals. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent a district that is so diverse and so rich in its culture. OPPOSING RYAN-MCCONNELL TAX PLAN (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today, I come to the people’s House floor in strong opposition to the Ryan-McCon-nell billionaires-first tax plan, a plan that overwhelmingly benefits the superrich and well-connected, and scams the middle class and our most vulnerable Americans. But don’t just take it from me. Ac-cording to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, working families in my home State of Ohio would see their taxes increase by $1,000 per year, while the wealthiest Americans, people like President Trump, would see their taxes decrease by as much as $747,000, according to the Tax Policy Center. Not to be overshadowed, the Tax Pol-icy Center also concluded that nearly 80 percent of the bill’s benefits pad the pockets of the wealthiest Americans. At the same time, it eliminates the medical expenses deduction, student loan deduction, and the new markets tax credit. That does not seem like fair taxes to me. Instead of raising taxes on the middle class, what we should be doing is allow-ing for a better future, better opportu-nities, better jobs, and better wages for all Americans. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF JUDGE ROB-ERT LEE BYRD, JR. (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life and con-tributions of Judge Robert Lee Byrd, Jr. Judge Byrd was born in Birmingham in 1932. He received his bachelor’s de-gree from Vanderbilt University in 1954, before attending the University of Alabama School of Law. He was in private practice in Mobile for over 20 years and was later ap-pointed circuit judge in Mobile County. Judge Byrd was a dedicated member of the Mobile community. During my time as an attorney in Mobile, I had the privilege of practicing in his court where he conducted himself with im-mense dignity and professionalism. Judge Byrd recently passed away, but his impact will live on. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Ala-bama’s First Congressional District, I want to share my deepest sympathies with his wife, Mary, and his three daughters. Judge Byrd will never be forgotten. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.017 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8535 November 7, 2017 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 7, 2017, at 9:47 a.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 1370. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3031. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3043, HYDROPOWER POL-ICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 3441, SAVE LOCAL BUSINESS ACT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 607 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 607 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3043) to mod-ernize hydropower policy, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill. The com-mittee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be con-sidered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 607 provides for consideration of H.R. 3043, the Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017, and H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. H.R. 3043 would modernize Federal regulatory permitting processes for the licensing of hydropower projects. Spe-cifically, the bill would designate the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion, or FERC, as the lead agency for these projects. I am a proud supporter of an all-of- the-above energy strategy that allows for not only American energy inde-pendence, but for American energy dominance. b1230 Hydropower should be a part of that strategy. In the Pacific Northwest es-pecially, hydropower is a clean and re-liable energy source that is particu-larly abundant. There is remarkable potential for the hydropower industry in this region and around the United States. In 2015, hydropower accounted for ap-proximately 6 percent of total U.S. electricity generation and 46 percent of electricity generation from renewable sources. However, less than 3 percent of dams in the U.S. produce electricity. That shows just how great the poten-tial is here. Through this legislation, we can help ease regulatory burdens and streamline the permitting process by naming FERC as the lead agency for coordi-nating all Federal authorizations. This will result in balanced and more timely decisionmaking and reduce the current duplicative oversight regime. So how does this benefit the average American? Well, having a reliable power source is essential to the world today. Even more, this legislation also has the potential to lower energy costs and create good-paying jobs. By doing so, we can help Americans put away and keep more of their hard-earned money. Currently, the hydropower industry employs a workforce of approximately 143,000 people, and that number would certainly rise under this legislation as we unlock our full potential. Now, some of my colleagues have ex-pressed concerns that this legislation could hurt the environment, so I want to address that. First, hydropower is an entirely clean source of renewable energy. In-creasing hydropower production actu-ally helps protect the environment and promote better public health. Second, the legislation makes clear that these permitting reforms should have no effect on this Clean Water Act, the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, the Endangered Species Act, the Rivers and Harbors Act, and the National His-toric Preservation Act. Those laws and their protections will remain in place. This is simply about promoting a re-liable power source, lowering energy costs, creating jobs, and unlocking the full potential of an all-of-the-above en-ergy strategy. Mr. Speaker, I will also note that this rule will provide for consideration of four amendments to H.R. 3043, in-cluding one minority and one bipar-tisan amendment. The other bill covered by the rule is H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. As the sponsor of this legislation, I am thrilled to see this body taking action to protect millions of jobs and provide clarity to America’s workers. Jesus said that no man can serve two masters, and there is real wisdom be-hind what He said as there is wisdom behind everything He said. His teach-ings are important every day, but that basic principle seems particularly im-portant in the context of this legisla-tion. For decades, there was a common-sense legal test that determined when two or more separate businesses could be considered joint employers and held jointly responsible for the same group of employees. Employers had to share direct and immediate control over es-sential terms and conditions of em-ployment. As a former labor and em-ployment attorney who practiced in this area for decades, I can assure you this was the standard that everyone knew and appreciated. Well, in 2015, the activist National Labor Relations Board issued a ruling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.005 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8536 November 7, 2017 
in Browning-Ferris Industries that up-ended this cornerstone of Federal labor law and created a vague and totally un-workable new joint employer policy. Making matters even worse and more complicated, Federal agencies then in-corporated the new standard in their regulatory agenda. Under this new standard, two independent businesses could be considered joint employers if they make a business agreement that ‘‘indirectly’’ or ‘‘potentially’’ impacts their employees. Under some of these standards, you can actually be reserved power. Just think about the uncertainty and ambiguity this standard could cause. It is hard enough for people to even agree on what exactly those terms mean. Imagine how confusing it is for Main Street businesses to understand and follow that. This is not some abstract issue. In fact, I have been hearing and talking with job creators and workers in my district about this for years. I have sat around the restaurant tables and heard real stories and concerns. Bob Omainsky, the owner of Wintzell’s Oyster House in my home district, had this to say about the con-fusion caused by the new joint-em-ployer standard: ‘‘If we hire an outside landscaping company to keep our lawns lush, I could be considered a joint employer if I show the landscapers where to mow. Or, if I con-tract a food supplier for certain ingre-dients, I could become part of a lawsuit if one of their workers complains about overtime pay. The uncertainty is noth-ing more than governmental overreach that is crippling eateries like Wintzell’s and discouraging growth throughout the restaurant industry.’’ This story and example is not unique to my district. These stories exist all over the country from Seattle, Wash-ington, to Miami, Florida; and we heard a whole bunch of them in the hearings that we held in committee. This is why this bill has earned support from both sides of the aisle. This is not a partisan issue, but instead this is about protecting jobs and providing clarity to workers. Workers shouldn’t have to wonder who their employer is. They deserve better than a vague and confusing rule that the American Action Forum found threatens 1.7 million jobs. Even the Progressive Policy Institute issued a statement saying the expanded stand-ard ‘‘may do more harm than good.’’ I also want to make one thing per-fectly clear: this legislation does not remove a single worker protection. All worker protections provided by the Na-tional Labor Relations Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, and the Equal Pay Act remain unchanged and are still available. I also want to dispel the myth that this legislation is some departure from the norm. In fact, this legislation sim-ply restores the agreed-upon legal standard that existed for decades. The reality is that the new standard has created so much confusion and am-biguity that no one really knows what the law is. There are at least nine dif-ferent legal tests nationwide to deter-mine joint employer status under the Fair Labor Standards Act, and there are more to come. This patchwork of standards creates regulatory uncertainty, especially for job creators doing businesses in mul-tiple States. Ultimately, this legisla-tion is about providing clarity to work-ers and job creators. It is about pro-tecting the rights of workers and en-suring employers have clarity on their responsibilities to their employees, and it is about preserving the small busi-nesses that are the backbone of our local communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 607 and the underlying bills, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule, which provides for consideration of two deep-ly flawed pieces of legislation. H.R. 3043, the Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017, is yet an-other attempt by this Republican ma-jority to prioritize corporate profits over ensuring people have access to safe and clean drinking water. This bill would not only threaten our clean water, it would also undermine States’ rights and Tribal rights by prioritizing power generation above all else when deciding whether to grant or extend a license to operate a hydro-power project. Simply put, this bill puts profits ahead of the public interest. By giving a rubber stamp commission more power than other expert agencies, the bill rigs the process in favor of power producers at the expense of States, Tribes, and our environment. This bill prioritizes profits over clean water and healthy fisheries and should be strongly defeated. Protecting our families and our environment should always be our first priority. In another giveaway to corporate in-terests, House Republicans are also bringing to the floor this week H.R. 3441, the so-called Save Local Business Act, under the false claim that it eliminates uncertainty for workers and protects small businesses. The truth is a very different story, Mr. Speaker. Joint employment stand-ards ensure workers can hold employ-ers accountable for violating wage and hour laws, child labor, or refusing to collectively bargain. This bill rep-resents a significant and dangerous break from that standard and would undermine the rights of American workers. This legislation rewards companies that rent employees from staffing agencies instead of hiring them di-rectly, and allows them to evade re-sponsibility for upholding the rights of those employees, even though they profit from their work. This bill is not about helping workers or small businesses. This is all about giving powerful companies even more power over their employees. But, Mr. Speaker, what is just as troubling as the content of the under-lying bills is the process Speaker RYAN and his Republican leadership team routinely use to call up this terrible legislation. Today we are considering the 49th completely closed rule of the 115th Congress. That is right. Today House Republicans are breaking their own record for the most closed session of Congress in history. It is astounding. This is something you would celebrate in Putin’s Russia, not here in the United States. Since he first took the gavel in 2015, Speaker R
YAN has continue to shame-lessly break his promise to allow a fair and open legislative process here in this House. In Speaker R
YAN’s first speech as Speaker in October of 2015, he said: ‘‘We need to let every Member con-tribute. . . . Open up the process. Let people participate. A neglected minor-ity will gum up the works. A respected minority will work in good faith. In-stead of trying to stop the majority, they might try to become the major-ity.’’ Speaker R
YAN and I disagree on a great many issues, but I strongly agree with what he said in that 2015 speech. We do need to let every Member con-tribute and open up the process here in the House. We do need the majority party to respect the minority party so we can actually work together on bi-partisan solutions. But in the 2 years since Speaker R
YAN took the gavel, he has, sadly, failed to deliver on his commitment to open up the legislative process. Things have only gotten worse. In fact, Speak-er R
YAN is the only Speaker who has not allowed a truly open rule to give Members the opportunity and the chance to do what their constituents sent them here to do and to offer dif-ferent perspectives and ideas on how to improve legislation. With each new closed rule they bring to the floor, shutting out amendments from both Democrats and Republicans, the cynical hypocrisy grows louder and louder. Instead of the people’s House, this has, sadly, become ‘‘only the peo-ple who agree with P
AUL RYAN’s House.’’ I guess my question for the Speaker would be: Did you mean any of what you said? Did you forget all those promises you made? Or did you have absolutely no intention of keeping those promises once you were in power?’’ Every single Member of this House of Representatives was elected to rep-resent the people of their district, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.022 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8537 November 7, 2017 
we cannot do that if the party in the majority blatantly uses strong-arm tactics like these that prevent us from doing our jobs. In 2015, Speaker R
YANalso said: ‘‘We need to return to regular order. We are the body closest to the people. Every 2 years, we face the voters. . . . We rep-resent them. We are supposed to study up and do the homework that they can-not do. So when we do not follow reg-ular order—when we rush to pass bills a lot of us do not understand—we are not doing our job. Only a fully func-tioning House can truly represent the people.’’ Where do I begin? Literally just a few months ago, Speaker R
YANand the Republican lead-ers of this House were recklessly steamrolling their healthcare bill to the House floor without holding any-thing close to the number of hearings that we held when the Affordable Care Act was passed. Instead, they led a haphazard process where the bill was drafted in secret be-hind closed doors—locked doors—with-out any input from rank and file Mem-bers of Congress and the American peo-ple. Mr. Speaker, that is not regular order. That is unconscionable. That disrespects this House. Today, when asked by a reporter about this record-breaking closed proc-ess, Speaker R
YAN responded: ‘‘Abso-lutely we have an open process.’’ Really? Let’s review his record this Congress: Zero open rules—zero. Forty-nine com-pletely closed rules. Open process? Open process my foot, Mr. Speaker. I guess in the age of Donald Trump, words simply don’t matter anymore. Black is white, up is down, open is closed, and politicians can say what-ever they think sounds good and they think they can get away with it—facts be damned. If Speaker R
YANwere serious about a fair and open process, he would not turn this House into a rubber stamp for Donald Trump. He would let us be the independent voice the people of our dis-tricts elected us to be. He would not routinely shut out the voices of Demo-crats and Republicans. He would let this House actually debate the serious legislation and issues that come before us. b1245 With one closed rule after another on each bill that comes to the floor, Speaker R
YANhas completely shut out both Democrats and rank-and-file Re-publicans, routinely blocking amend-ments we offer. This is not how the Congress is sup-posed to work. Our constituents de-serve a Congress that actually debates the bills that will affect their lives. They deserve better. I refuse to sit by while the Repub-lican leadership makes a mockery of this House. American voices will not be silenced. The Speaker may grant promises of openness, inclusiveness, and regular order, but we just lived through the most closed year in the history of this institution, and the year isn’t even over yet, Mr. Speaker. Republicans ought to remember that they will not always be in the major-ity. I don’t think a Democratic major-ity could be this bad on basic process, even if we tried. But any Member who votes for this record-breaking closed rule today had better not have croco-dile tears for regular order and open-ness when they find themselves in the minority some day in the future. Any-one who supports 49 closed rules and zero open rules in a single year loses all credibility on the issue of openness. My Republican friends should be ashamed—ashamed—of diminishing this House and diminishing its Mem-bers and their thoughtful ideas. I urge Democrats and Republicans to take a stand and vote ‘‘no’’ on this closed rule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am extremely proud of the work that the Rules Committee has done this year and of the leader-ship in this Congress and how we have handled legislation. Unlike our Democratic colleagues who would shut the doors and refuse to accept late amendments from Mem-bers, the chairman of our committee has made it a point to ensure every sin-gle Member has the opportunity to sub-mit their amendments and come to the committee to share their thoughts and concerns. Under this model of transparency and openness, the committee has spent countless hours listening and consid-ering Member testimony. In fact, we have welcomed over 330 Members to testify, this Congress alone, before the Rules Committee. We have made in order 864 amendments, including 403 from Democrats, 341 from Republicans, and 120 bipartisan amendments. Unfortunately, our friends across the aisle have become more interested in derailing legislation than actually im-proving legislation. For example, Democrats politicized an open appro-priations process by offering poison pill amendments meant to kill legislation they had no intention of supporting, regardless of the outcome. These tactics have fundamentally changed the way we do business. In-stead of offering thoughtful ideas in-tended to shape a measure, their dila-tory tactics are for one purpose and one purpose only: to score political points. The Rules Committee will not let these political games get in the way of fulfilling the promises we made to the American people who elected this ma-jority. That is why the chairman of our committee has made it a priority to listen to all Members. I would ask all of you who come to the Rules Com-mittee to watch our committee listen-ing to all Members. We are also committed to moving the majority’s progrowth agenda forward. As a result of our efforts, we have had a record of success in this House. To date, we have passed almost 400 bills out of the House. This further underscores that the House is here to work, we are here to serve, and we are here to get results. But the proof is in the facts. John Adams said: ‘‘Facts are stubborn things.’’ As of November 7 of this year, in just the first session of this Congress, we have provided for the consideration of 864 amendments on the House floor. Under Speaker PELOSI , during the en-tirety of the 111th Congress, both ses-sions, she had only made in order 778. You tell me who has an open House and who had a closed House. There is no shame on this side at all. There is great pride in the work we are doing for the American people, and we are not going to let anyone get in the way of our making sure that we fulfill the promises we made. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank my friend, the gen-tleman from Alabama, for letting me participate in this very important de-bate today. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule, but specifically to voice my very strong support for one of the bills of the underlying legislation. That would be H.R. 3043, which is the Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017. This legislation, which is sponsored and spearheaded by my good friend and fellow Washingtonian, Representative C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS , will im-prove the licensing process for U.S. hy-dropower resources by promoting ac-countability as well as transparency, by requiring greater cooperation among Federal and State agencies, as well as by reducing needless duplica-tion of efforts. Mr. Speaker, I am a strong, steadfast supporter of hydropower—I admit that—which, as America’s first renew-able electricity source, has provided our country with low-cost, clean, reli-able energy for over a century. In my own home State of Washington, nearly 70 percent of our energy is derived from hydropower. While there are still some misguided, extreme efforts to breach our dams and remove these critical sources of elec-tric generation, I believe we need to in-crease our use of clean and renewable resources. By passing the Hydropower Policy Modernization Act, we can take a very major step in doing just that. Mr. Speaker, FERC, or the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, serves as the lead agency to coordinate hydro-power reviews and convene stake-holders to participate in collaborative, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.023 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8538 November 7, 2017 
transparent public proceedings. How-ever, FERC lacks the authority to im-prove the hydropower licensing proc-ess, including the ability to resolve dis-putes among agencies and enforce scheduling deadlines. Far too often, it is those Federal and State agencies, as well as other bureau-cratic bodies, that stand in the way of moving these licensing efforts forward. In fact, in response to a House Energy and Commerce Committee’s sub-committee hearing, FERC reported that there are 26 separate cases where the Commission has finished its envi-ronmental review and is currently waiting for action to be completed by another agency before FERC can issue a decision on any particular project. Mr. Speaker, the licensing process for these projects should not be taking 10 years or more. Natural gas-fired facili-ties and other carbon-based energy sources are being approved in consider-ably less time. Meanwhile, less than 3 percent of the dams in this country produce electricity. I will continue to support efforts to increase hydropower generation that will provide our country with reliable, stable, and clean energy. We can usher in a new era of U.S. energy independ-ence derived from our very first renew-able energy source by streamlining these processes. I urge all of my colleagues to support this rule and, particularly, its under-lying legislation, H.R. 3043, the Hydro-power Policy Modernization Act of 2017. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thought I had heard everything. The gentleman from Ala-bama got up and said how proud he is of the Rules Committee and of the process in this House. Oh, my God. The fact that the gentleman would get up and say that with a straight face, you take my breath away. It is unbeliev-able. Today, we are considering our 49th closed rule of the 115th Congress, offi-cially making this the most closed ses-sion in Congress in history, and the gentleman is proud of that. More than half of the rules Repub-licans have reported out of the Rules Committee have not allowed any amendments. That means that no Member, Democrat or Republican, can offer their ideas on the House floor. The gentleman says: Well, we want to prevent killer amendments from being made in order. So all the Repub-licans that offer amendments to the Rules Committee have killer amend-ments? It is ridiculous to say that about the Democratic amendments. In total, just so the gentleman under-stands this, in total, the Rules Com-mittee has blocked more than 1,300 amendments this year. That is 1,300. They are all killer amendments? They are all not deserving of a debate in the people’s House? They blocked 1,300 amendments, in-cluding 955 Democratic amendments. You blocked 260 Republican amend-ments and 121 bipartisan amendments. Blocking these amendments has a very real impact. A bad process pro-duces bad policy. Shutting out input from the vast majority of Members, both Democrats and Republicans, may make it easier for you to jam your agenda through the House, but that speed comes at the expense of the pol-icy itself. When you block amendments, you are shutting down debate on incredibly important issues, issues that this House of Representatives should be de-bating and voting on. Here are a few examples of germane amendments that the majority didn’t think were worthy of a debate and an up-or-down vote in the House. These were totally in order. There is my bipartisan amendment to require a Presidential determination and congressional action to increase troop levels in Afghanistan. With the longest war in American history, I thought maybe it was worth some de-bate, but the Rules Committee said no to that. Also, a bipartisan amendment to phase out the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, they blocked that. Also, an amendment to ensure that the U.S. doesn’t withdraw from the Paris climate agreement—I know my Republican friends think climate change is a hoax. They don’t believe in science. But, you know what? You ought to have the guts to debate it. But you blocked it. You blocked an amendment for fund-ing for troops in Syria. You blocked an amendment to create the National Russian Threat Response Center. The list goes on and on and on. These aren’t killer amendments. These are important issues that get blocked time and time again. These issues are at the very core of our re-sponsibilities here in Congress, and you blocked them from even being consid-ered by the full House. In this Congress, the majority has blocked over 1,300 amendments from coming to the floor. You are proud of that? That is disgraceful. I truly hope that breaking the closed rule record is a wake-up call and that some of you over there will decide to do things a little bit differently around here and a little bit better around here, starting next week with your tax bill, but I am not going to hold by breath. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON). The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would request that all Members direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Repub-lican effort to roll back the joint-em-ployer rule that the Obama administra-tion promulgated. This joint-employer rule is an attack on workers, and it is an attack on franchisee businesses. For people watching, Mr. Speaker, understand that when a franchisor, the big headquarters, tells a franchisee, ‘‘You have got to do every single thing we tell you. You basically work for us. We are going to tell you the size of the sandwich. We are going to tell you the kind of oil to use. We are going to tell you how to schedule your workers. We are going to, basically, control your enterprise, though you are supposed to be an independent business,’’ the Obama administration said, ‘‘We are going to treat you as if you are joint employers.’’ So if there is wage theft or there is unfairness on the job or some problem that comes up with workers, then the big company, the head-quarters, will also be held responsible for solving the problem. What the Republicans do today, Mr. Speaker, is say: ‘‘No, we might impose all these conditions on you per the franchisee agreement, but, if there are problems, it is going to be your prob-lem, franchisee.’’ This is absolutely unfair. As workers are going all over this country trying to get higher wages, this is a whole movement for them to get livable wage for people who work every single day at our fast-food chains. They are going to their local franchisee owners to ask for those wages. But if the franchisor says: ‘‘You can’t pay any more than this. We are going to restrict you in multiple number of ways. We are going to make you sell food items at a cost that you can’t even sustain, like the dollar menu’’— those things cost more than a dollar, folks. But if the big headquarters says you have got to charge a dollar as a promotion, then the franchisee has to eat that. But when workers need more money, the big company makes that impos-sible, and then workers are left holding the bag along with the franchisee. The joint-employer rule, holding both sides responsible for those wage thefts to pay for hours, these things make a more fair process and require the big headquarters to take responsi-bility as well. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this. This is an antiworker bill. This is an anti-small business bill, which is somewhat sur-prising to me, given that my friends on the other side of the aisle say they are for small business, but, really, they are just for big business. If you have any doubts about that, all you have got to do is look at this tax bill they are put-ting out there. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when I was giving the statistics earlier, I left one very impor-tant one out. I can’t believe I forgot this. Of the almost 400 bills we passed in this House this year, 80 percent of them have been bipartisan. So this record production of bills we have had in the House this year has benefited both sides of the aisle as we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.026 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8539 November 7, 2017 
worked together to come up with com-monsense policies for the American people. b1300 I am very proud of that work and that progress we have made in this House. The gentleman from Minnesota acted as if this bill, the Save Local Business Act, is something to benefit big companies, but let me tell you who I, and virtually all of us who are sup-porting this bill, have heard from: small businesses in our districts that are begging us to pass this bill. I have had dozens of meetings in my own district. I know of hundreds of meetings that have been held across the country between Members of this House on both sides of the aisle and small businesses in their districts that say: Please pass this bill. This isn’t for the big businesses in America. This is for the small, Main Street businesses in our communities and for the people who work there. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ), one of the new-est Members of the House who has al-ready made a distinguished mark here. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in adamant support of the rule and, in particular, of H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. Let me say for my good friend from Massachusetts, you know, the amend-ments that he is referring to that have been rejected, they have been rejected because they are against small busi-ness and they are for Big Government, which American voters have rejected and will continue to reject. It may be cliche´to say that small and local businesses are the backbone of our economy, but, at the end of the day, there is no denying that state-ment. Small businesses truly are the engine that keep our economy moving, and when they suffer, our whole econ-omy suffers. Just take the last 8 years with the minimal growth that we have had. Since 2015, when the National Labor Relations Board adopted an expanded definition of the joint employers stand-ard, upending decades of precedent and redefining who an employer is, there has been much confusion and ambi-guity. For example, since then, there have been over 65,000 letters sent to Congress expressing confusion and ask-ing for clarity in the aftermath of this rule. This is unacceptable. Locally owned franchises are America’s unseen small businesses, and in my district alone, the Fifth District of South Carolina, there are roughly 2,000 establishments that provide over 15,000 jobs with an economic output of over $1 billion. Small business development, eco-nomic growth, and entrepreneurs will continue to be hurt by the National Labor Relations Board’s excessive broad definition of the term ‘‘joint em-ployer.’’ Until Congress finds a con-crete solution with this piece of legis-lation, it will continue to do so. This bill, Mr. Speaker, provides clar-ity for small and local businesses as to what it means to be a joint employer, restoring necessary clarity for employ-ers and employees alike. I strongly encourage all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bipartisan bill helping small businesses all across the Nation, and I congratulate the Congressman from Alabama for proposing this bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) for a unanimous consent re-quest. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD this letter from United Steelworkers urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on the joint employer bill. 
UNITED STEELWORKERS , Pittsburgh, PA, November 1, 2017. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 850,000 members of the United Steelworkers (USW), I strongly urge you to oppose H.R. 3441, the ludicrously named ‘‘Save Local Business Act’’. The bill has virtually nothing to do with small businesses but will greatly restrict the definition of employer under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). Targeting a National Labor Relations Board decision, Browning-Ferris Industries, H.R. 3441 is not only drafted to repeal a deci-sion where the employer tried to avoid col-lective bargaining responsibilities through subcontracting, but radically changes the Fair Labor Standards Act. Currently, under the FLSA, employers cannot hide behind labor contractors or franchisees when they set conditions of employment. H.R. 3441 strips nearly a century of workforce protec-tions to give large employers almost unfet-tered ability to hide from long established employer responsibilities. The rise in temporary or precarious work in the United States is fast becoming an un-fortunate norm in the economy. A recent study on the rise of temporary employment found the proportion of American workers engaged in ‘‘alternative work’’ jumped from 10.7% to 15.8% in the last decade. When in the last decade 94% of net job growth is in the alternative work category, workers con-tinuously find themselves unable to seek remedy for their grievances or an ability to collectively hold their ultimate employer ac-countable. H.R. 3441 will accelerate the growth of job-instability as employers will be able to manipulate the system to avoid collective bargaining by hiring temporary employees or contractor employees. Congress’ responsibility to American work-ers in this time of rising income inequality and precarious work must be to improve ac-cess to collective bargaining and stop em-ployer circumvention of U.S. labor laws, not to weaken them. H.R. 3441 strips workers of another tool to hold their employers ac-countable. A vote for this legislation is a vote against working people and the right to democratic representation in the workplace. I urge you to vote no on H.R. 3441. Sincerely, L
EOW. G ERARD , International President. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the Signatory Wall and Ceiling Contractors Alliance, which says that this legisla-tion would not benefit small businesses that create good jobs. It actually would place such employers at a permanent competitive disadvantage to unscrupu-lous companies that seek to thrive solely at the expense of the workers and taxpayer-funded social safety net programs. SIGNATORY WALL AND  C
EILING CONTRACTORS ALLIANCE , Saint Paul, MN, October 5, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER AND LEADER PELOSI : I am writing on behalf of the Signatory Wall and Ceiling Contractors Alliance (SWACCA) to express our strong opposition to H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Business Act.’’ This legisla-tion will not benefit honest small businesses that create good jobs with family-sustaining wages and benefits. It will actually place such employers at a permanent competitive disadvantage to unscrupulous companies that seek to thrive solely at the expense of their workers and taxpayer-funded social safety-net programs. SWACCA is a national alliance of wall and ceiling contractors committed to working in partnership with our workers and our cus-tomers to provide the highest-quality, most efficient construction services. Through the superior training, skill, and efficiency of our workers SWACCA contractors are able to provide both cost-effective construction services and middle class jobs with health and retirement benefits. Our organization prides itself on representing companies that accept responsibility for paying fair wages, abiding by health and safety standards, workers compensation laws, and unemploy-ment insurance requirements. Unfortunately, however, we increasingly find ourselves bidding against companies that seek to compete solely on the basis of labor costs. They do so by relieving them-selves of the traditional obligations associ-ated with being an employer. The news is lit-tered with examples of contractors who have sought to reduce costs by willfully violating the laws governing minimum wage, over-time, workers compensation unemployment insurance, and workplace safety protections. The key to this disturbing business model is a cadre of labor brokers who claim to provide a company with an entire workforce that fol-lows them to job after job. It is a workforce that the actual wall or ceiling contractor controls as a practical matter, but for which it takes no legal responsibility. In this model workers receive no benefits, are rarely cov-ered by workers compensation or unemploy-ment insurance, and are frequently not paid in compliance with federal and state wage laws. The joint employment doctrine is an important means for forcing these unscrupu-lous contractors to compete on a level play-ing field and to be held accountable for the unlawful treatment of the workers they uti-lize. As an association representing large, me-dium, and small businesses, we oppose H.R. 3441 because it proposes a radical, unprece-dented re-definition of joint employment under both the FLSA and the NLRA that goes far beyond reversing the standard ar-ticulated by the NLRB in Browning-Ferris or retuning to any concept of joint employment that has ever existed under the FLSA since the Act’s passage. H.R. 3441’s radical and un-precedented redefinition of joint employ-ment would proliferate the use of fly-by- night labor brokers by ensuring that no con-tractor using a workforce provided by a labor broker would ever be deemed a joint employer. This is because the bill precludes a finding of joint employment unless a com-pany controls each ‘‘of the essential terms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.027 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8540 November 7, 2017 
and conditions of employment (including hiring employees, discharging employee, de-termining individual employee rates of pay and benefits, day-to-day supervision of em-ployees, assigning individual work schedules, positions and tasks, and administering em-ployee discipline)’’. H.R. 3441 goes further by expressly countenancing a company using labor brokers retaining control of the essen-tial aspects of the workers’ employment in a ‘‘limited and routine manner’’ without fac-ing any risk of being a joint employer. Simply put, H.R. 3441 would create a stand-ard that would surely accelerate a race to the bottom in the construction industry and many other sectors of the economy. It would further tilt the field of competition against honest, ethical businesses. Any concerns about the prior administration’s recently-re-scinded interpretative guidance on joint em-ployment under the FLSA or the NLRB’s joint employment doctrine enunciated in Browning-Ferris can be addressed in a far more responsible manner. Make no mistake, H.R. 3441 does not return the law to any prior precedents or standards. It creates a radical, new standard. This standard will help unethical employers get rich not be cre-ating more value, but instead by ensuring their ability to treat American workers as a permanent pool of low-wage, subcontracted labor that has neither benefits nor any meaningful recourse against them under our nation’s labor and employment laws. On behalf of the membership of SWACCA, thank you in advance for your attention to our concerns about this legislation. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or require additional informa-tion. Sincerely, T
IMOTHY J. W IES, President. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to go back to this point I have been making about how this is now officially the most closed Congress in history, and I think people need to keep that in mind before they vote for this rule. But the gentleman from Alabama, again—I guess in this age of Trump, I mean, you can twist things all kinds of different ways, you know—bragged about all this great bipartisanship here. In that number that he was refer-ring to, a number of bills that were supported in a bipartisan way, a big chunk of them are things like naming post offices, suspension bills that are not controversial, Hats Off to Teachers Day, those types of bills. But on major legislation, whether it is healthcare or whether it is this crummy tax bill that they are going to be bringing up, this place is polarized because they block out any competing ideas. Let me again reiterate for my col-leagues: the Rules Committee has blocked more than 1,300 amendments this year. That is just this year alone. Now, I already mentioned amend-ments on the AUMF, climate change, Afghanistan, and more. I think those are important subjects. But the Mem-bers offering these amendments, I think, no matter what you believe about these amendments, deserve the right to be heard by the whole House and to receive an up-or-down vote. But here are a few more examples of the germane amendments that my friends on the Republican side on the Rules Committee blocked under the closed and structured rules. They blocked an amendment to prohibit the repeal of DACA. You know, I mean, 800,000 people’s lives now are in the balance because of Donald Trump rescinding the protec-tion for these DREAMers, and he said: Congress, you do it. You fix it. Well, we tried to bring an amend-ment to the floor to have a debate and fix it, and if my Republican friends don’t want to vote for it, they can vote ‘‘no.’’ But they blocked it. They blocked an amendment to bar funds from being spent on this stupid, idiotic wall that the President seems enam-ored with along our border. They blocked an amendment to increase funding to fight rural domestic vio-lence and child abuse. They blocked several amendments to ensure the Trump family doesn’t profit off the Presidency, and we all know that they are, but we can’t even have that de-bate. They blocked an amendment to pro-tect asylum seekers and human traf-ficking victims, and they blocked an amendment to ensure victims of incest can have access to abortion care. I can go on and on and on. I mean, they blocked Congressman GROTHMAN ’s budget amendment twice. He is a Re-publican. It was germane. He even tes-tified before the Rules Committee, but you blocked it. Last week, you blocked Representa-tive J
IMMY DUNCAN ’s amendment to allow doctors to practice medicine out of State on a volunteer basis. Germane. It may be a good idea. It deserves to be debated. You blocked it. Is that a poison pill? Is that what the gentleman was referring to? You know, process matters, and it matters for this reason, because when you have a lousy process, you end up with a lousy prod-uct. I know it is not sexy to talk about process, you know, but it is important. It is important that we do our jobs, we debate these issues, and that we listen to Democrats and Republicans, you know, come before us with ideas: some we may agree with, some we may not, but let’s have that debate. What is wrong with that? Why is that such a radical idea in this place? To get up and say I am proud of this; I am proud that we are now the most closed Con-gress in the history of our country? That is something to be proud of? I think that is something to be ashamed of. I think it diminishes this House of Representatives, and it dimin-ishes every single member of this House, Democrats and Republicans alike. This is supposed to be a deliberative body. Let’s deliberate. Let’s not nego-tiate things in the back room and then rush it to the floor and demand an up- or-down vote. You know, you don’t have a monopoly on good ideas, and there are people in your own party who have some good ideas, too, and I think we have good ideas as well. And if you want bipartisanship, true bipartisan-ship, and you want to end the polariza-tion, open the process a little bit. That would be helpful. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased and very proud of the bipartisanship that we have had in this House this year to pass all these bills. Let me note just two very substantive bills, one last week and one today. Last week, we passed a bill that got rid of this IPAB group that is going to take money, is proposed to take money out of Medicare. It was cosponsored by 45 Democrats, and dozens and dozens of Democrats voted for it on the floor last week. Today, this Save Local Business Act is bipartisan in its sponsorship and, I predict, on the vote of the floor today. Now, how important is that? Let me read to you just a few of the organiza-tions that support this bill: the Amer-ican Hotel and Lodging Association, the Asian American Hotel Owners As-sociation, Associated Builders and Con-tractors, Associated General Contrac-tors, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Coalition for a Democratic Work-place, the Coalition to Save Local Businesses, The Latino Coalition, Na-tional Association of Home Builders, National Association of Manufacturers, National Council of Chain Restaurants, National Retail Federation, U.S. Trav-el Association, the Capital Research Center, Generation Opportunity, Herit-age Action for America, Hispanic Lead-ership Fund, the Independent Women’s Institute for Liberty, the James Madi-son Institute, the National Taxpayers Union, the Tea Party Nation, Food Marketing Institute, National Franchisee Association, National Apartment Association, Retail Indus-try Leaders Association, and the Work-place Fairness Institute, and I could have dozens and dozens more. The truth of the matter is, these are very important bills that we bring be-fore this floor, and most of them are bi-partisan. The ones we have today are bipartisan bills. Mr. Speaker, I would say to you that this House has a lot to be proud of, of the great work we have done this year, and I am most proud of the fact that, in most of those cases, we have been working together. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is right, we can work together and come to-gether in a bipartisan way to pass a post office bill, to name a post office after somebody, but my friends didn’t think it was important to come to-gether and work with us on improving the Affordable Care Act, totally cut out of the process. I am willing to bet that when the tax bill comes up, the tax bill that is going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.017 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8541 November 7, 2017 
to give wealthy people a big tax break and raise taxes on a lot of middle-in-come families, that will be a very closed process as well. So yeah, you know, Hats Off to Teachers Day, nam-ing post offices, stuff that, I mean, Western civilization, as we know it, doesn’t hinge upon, yeah, there is lot of bipartisanship here. We had a couple of bills yesterday that passed unanimously. I mean, we had votes on them. They were non-controversial. But when it comes to anything really meaningful, there is no bipartisanship, and there is no open-ness here. Again, let me repeat, so my col-leagues understand this. This is the most closed session of Congress ever in history, and the year is not even over yet. Today, we are considering the 49th closed rule of the 115th Congress, offi-cially making it the most closed ses-sion of Congress in history. More than half of the rules the Republicans have reported out of the Rules Committee have not allowed any amendments. They have blocked over 1,300 amend-ments. Speaker R
YANnow is the only speak-er who has not allowed an open rule. Speakers Boehner, P
ELOSI , Hastert, and Gingrich all allowed some open rules. This is the first time we never had one. Mr. Speaker, again, I would say to my colleagues, process matters, and this is really a sad day for this House, for this institution, and I hope my Re-publican friends think about it a little bit because you are doing great damage to this institution, and that makes me very sad. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when we adopt this rule later on this afternoon, when we adopt my bill, let me tell you who is going to be happy. Tens and tens of thousands of small businesses and hundreds of thou-sands of their employees across Amer-ica, that is who is going to be happy. And you know what, we are not here to make ourselves happy. We are here to make the people who sent us here and expect us to do their business, we are here to make them happy, and we are going to make them happy today, as we have done over and over again this year, by passing legislation that works for them, not for us. So there may be some unhappiness in the room because we haven’t made every little amendment in order for this floor, but we have made the amendments that matter to the Amer-ican people, and, more importantly, we passed legislation that matters to the American people, and I am very proud of that, and the American people, in-deed, are happy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to remind my colleagues as well that the bill that the gentleman from Alabama is talk-ing about, his bill, when it—in the Rules Committee last night, the Rules Committee thought it was appropriate to block three germane amendments from the ranking member of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee. I mean, that is the process that we are dealing with here. The ranking member of that com-mittee does not have the opportunity to bring his ideas to the floor and de-bate them and get a vote up or down on it. That is not right, and the Rules Committee, unfortunately, is becoming a place where democracy goes to die, where every good idea is routinely shot down, and it has to stop. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask my colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion. And I want to say to my col-leagues that, a month ago, I stood at this very podium, following our Na-tion’s deadliest mass shooting in Las Vegas, asking my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that we can begin to study gun violence. b1315 Now I stand here again, after yet an-other unthinkable tragedy, begging my colleagues to allow us to take this small first step following Sunday’s deadly mass shooting at First Baptist Church in Texas. Twenty-six people in that church lost their lives to gun violence, and that is from one single shooting. On an aver-age day, 93 Americans are killed with guns. I would like to ask my colleagues again: What will it take? If the deaths of those children in Sandy Hook Elementary School weren’t enough for Congress to take action, if the 49 lives lost in Orlando weren’t enough, if the 58 lives lost in Las Vegas weren’t enough, and if the 26 lives lost in Texas on Sunday aren’t enough, then nothing may ever be enough for Congress to have the cour-age to do the right thing. But I am hoping that is not true. Today we can decide to take the first step in fighting gun violence with one vote. If we defeat the previous ques-tion, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H. Res. 367, which would establish the Select Committee on Gun Violence Prevention. It is time that we start having seri-ous discussions about this problem. Moments of silence and calls for prayer are not enough. We have been doing that. It is time for us to get serious. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 7 min-utes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are bringing to the floor two bills today that I think are bad bills. But, nonetheless, they rep-resent the thinking of the Republicans who are in charge of this Congress. What is particularly distressing to me is that, on one of those measures, it is being brought to the floor under a completely closed process. As I mentioned, last night, the rank-ing member of the Education and the Workforce Committee came before the Rules Committee to offer three ger-mane amendments, and the Rules Com-mittee said: No, you don’t have the right to have a debate on your ideas, even though they are perfectly ger-mane, on the House floor. I think that is lousy. As a result, we come today and we make history. This is now officially the most closed Con-gress ever in the history of our coun-try. My friends on the other side of the aisle are getting up and talking about how proud they are. They talk about bipartisanship. What they don’t tell you is that most of the bipartisanship are on things that really don’t mean a lot: naming of post offices and bills that pass by 435–0. On big things, on important issues, they block us. I men-tioned some of the things they blocked. I know a lot of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle care deeply about the DREAMers, since Donald Trump de-cided to throw their fates into the bal-ance. They want to do something to help these young people, many of whom came when they were 1 year old or 2 years old and know no other coun-try as their home but this country. We tried to fix that legislatively, as the President said he wanted us to do, and the Republican majority blocked us. They blocked us. We tried to offer an amendment again to say let’s not invest a gazillion dollars on a border wall. Let’s invest in our people. Let’s build up our infra-structure. Let’s construct the finest railway system in the United States— in the world—over the next decade. They blocked us. We had an amendment to increase funding to fight rural domestic vio-lence and child abuse, and they blocked us. We had an amendment to say we need to ensure that this culture of corrup-tion that we see in the White House doesn’t grow any bigger, that the Trump family doesn’t benefit from the taxpayers, they don’t benefit finan-cially from the taxpayers, and we were blocked on that as well. Then we have been blocked on amendments to debate these wars that have gone on for years and years. The war in Afghanistan is endless. It is the longest war in American history. We can’t have a debate on the floor. We are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.031 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8542 November 7, 2017 
told that it is not appropriate and that it is not the right time. The bottom line is, what my friends on the other side of the aisle are doing is they are running this place in a very authoritarian way, basically saying: It is our way, and that is it. It is our way or the highway, and you don’t matter. Well, we have had enough. We have had enough of being shut out, and we are not going to shut up. We are not going to sit by and allow this pattern of closed rules and closed processes to continue without a protest. This is a serious matter. For the Speaker of the House in his press conference today to get up and say, ‘‘Oh, we have a very open house,’’ I mean, where is he living? That does not reflect the reality. Maybe Donald Trump can say those kind of things that don’t reflect re-ality, but the Speaker of the House ought to know that today, under his leadership, this has become the most closed House ever, and it diminishes this institution and it diminishes every single Member of this institution. So vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. I urge my Republican friends, who care about process, who want this place to be more deliberative, to vote ‘‘no.’’ Send a message to your leadership that you have had enough. If you want more bipartisan legisla-tion, if you want a less polarized Con-gress, then open the process up a little bit. I have news for you, if you do, maybe the popularity of Congress will go up a little bit. I think we are at, like, 12 or 13 percent now. Maybe that might get you up to 15 or 16 percent. But it is the right thing to do. This is not the way we are supposed to run a legislative body. When you do it this way, you end up with lousy leg-islation. Your healthcare bill was a dis-aster. It reflected no input from any-body. Thank God the Senate said no to it. We see the same thing going on with the tax bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so maybe we can bring up a little bit of a debate on the need for a select com-mittee to study gun violence. But, please, vote ‘‘no’’ on this. Please send a message to the Republican leadership that enough is enough and we are tired of these closed rules. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would again ask Members to di-rect remarks to the Chair. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this has been a very open process. At the beginning, you recognized me for an hour and I gave, as is customary, half of my time to the other side so that they could present their side. In our committee, the Rules Com-mittee, we let anyone who wants to come—any Member who wants to come and basically say whatever they want to say for as long as they want to say it. We don’t really have any rules in the Rules Committee because we want to have it so open, we want to give ev-erybody such an opportunity, that we let everybody come and say whatever they want. Then we take it all into ac-count and we make some amendments in order and some not. Because we have done our job so well this year, we have had so many bills in the House—and the House has passed them all—that this House is just about a record-breaking House in terms of what we are passing. Yes, our friends over in the Senate haven’t passed a lot of them. I don’t think the American people like that. I think the American people want the Senate to get to work like the House has been at work. This is important work, and we are here to do it and not play games. The bills that are under this rule are very important bills. I have heard a lot about climate change. The gentleman may suggest that people on our side of the aisle don’t understand science. I am not a scientist, but I do understand climate change. I do understand from the peo-ple who are worried about it, and a lot of people are legitimately worried about it. The only thing you can do about that is to have alternative sources of energy. Hydroenergy is one of those sources. You don’t release any carbon molecules in the air when you generate elec-tricity using water. So one of the bills addresses that. The other bill—my bill—the Save the Local Business Act, is a very impor-tant bill, a bipartisan bill. There are bipartisan sponsors on this bill. As I said earlier, there are tens of thou-sands of businesses around America and hundreds of thousands of employ-ees of those businesses that are aching for us to pass this bill. So far from being small things that don’t matter—by the way, saying nice things about teachers isn’t a small thing. I think it is a big thing. These are important pieces of legislation, and I am proud of the work that this House has done to make sure that we consider them and pass them. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 607 and the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 607 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN : At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the resolution (H. Res. 367) to estab-lish the Select Committee on Gun Violence Prevention. The first reading of the resolu-tion shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the resolution are waived. General debate shall be confined to the resolution and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Rules. After general debate the resolution shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the resolution are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the resolution for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the resolu-tion to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the resolution and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion or de-mand for division of the question except one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the resolution, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the resolution. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of House Resolu-tion 367. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.032 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8543 November 7, 2017 
‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 182, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 610] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—182 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Cummings DesJarlais Garrett Hastings Hoyer Hudson Huffman Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Pocan Polis Rice (SC) Roybal-Allard Thompson (MS) Wilson (FL) 
b1348 Messrs. HIMES, WALZ, and JONES changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 182, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 611] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.009 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8544 November 7, 2017 
Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Cummings DesJarlais Garrett Hastings Hoyer Hudson Huffman Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Pocan Polis Roybal-Allard Scalise Thompson (MS) Wilson (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 611 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 612. 
f 
GOLD STAR FAMILY SUPPORT AND INSTALLATION ACCESS ACT OF 2017 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the Committee on Armed Services be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill (H.R. 3897) to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of the Gold Star Installation Access Card to the surviving spouse, dependent chil-dren, and other next of kin of a mem-ber of the Armed Forces who dies while serving on certain active or reserve duty, to ensure that a remarried sur-viving spouse with dependent children of the deceased member remains eligi-ble for installation benefits to which the surviving spouse was previously el-igible, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ne-braska? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3897 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star Family Support and Installation Access Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since World War I, the gold star symbol has been used by American families to honor members of the Armed Forces who have given their lives in service to the Nation. (2) Surviving families of deceased members of the Armed Forces confront many chal-lenges, often made worse by policies that fail to compassionately honor the memory of their loved one’s service and sacrifice to the Nation. (3) There is an obligation to ensure that the Gold Star family connections to the military community remain an eternal bond providing strength and comfort to surviving family members and to those still serving. (4) Individual military services have recog-nized the need to provide installation access to Gold Star families to attend memorial events, visit gravesites, and access other benefits for which family members are eligi-ble and entitled. (5) Surviving families of deceased members of the Armed Forces relocate to other parts of the country, often far away from the serv-ice installation where their loved one last served. (6) Current Department of Defense policy rescinds on-base benefits to surviving spouses of deceased service members who re-marry, even when dependent children under the guardianship of the surviving spouse re-main eligible for benefits, effectively ren-dering these benefits inaccessible by the children of the deceased member. SEC. 3. ISSUANCE OF GOLD STAR INSTALLATION ACCESS CARDS. 
(a) I SSUANCE AND CONDITIONS ON USE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 57 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1126 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1126a. Gold Star Installation Access Card: issuance and protections ‘‘(a) I
SSUANCE TO GOLD STAR SURVIVING  S
POUSE AND DEPENDENT CHILDREN OF DE-
CEASED MEMBER REQUIRED .—The Secretary concerned shall provide for the issuance of a standardized Gold Star Installation Access Card to the widow and dependent children of a deceased member of the armed forces de-scribed in section 1126(a) of this title to fa-cilitate their ability to gain unescorted ac-cess to military installations for the purpose of attending memorial events, visiting gravesites, and obtaining the on-installation services and benefits to which they are enti-tled or eligible. ‘‘(b) I
SSUANCE TO OTHER NEXT OF KINAU-
THORIZED .—At the discretion of the Sec-retary concerned, the Secretary concerned may provide the Gold Star Installation Ac-cess Card to the parents and other next of kin of a deceased member of the armed forces described in section 1126(a) of this title. ‘‘(c) S
ERVICE -WIDEACCEPTANCE OF ACCESS  C
ARD.—The Secretaries concerned shall work together to ensure that a Gold Star Installa-tion Access Card issued by one armed force is accepted for access to military installations under the jurisdiction of another armed force. ‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION OF INSTALLATION SECU-
RITY.—In developing, issuing, and accepting the Gold Star Installation Access Card, the Secretary concerned may take such meas-ures as the Secretary concerned considers necessary— ‘‘(1) to prevent fraud in the procurement or use of the Gold Star Installation Access Card; ‘‘(2) to limit installation access to those areas of the installation that provide the services and benefits for which the recipient of the Gold Star Installation Access Card is entitled or eligible; and ‘‘(3) to ensure that the availability and use of the Gold Star Installation Access Card does not adversely affect military installa-tion security. ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION .—The Gold Star Installa-tion Access Card for the widow and depend-ent children of a deceased member of the armed forces shall remain valid for the life of the widow or child, regardless of subse-quent marital status of the widow, subject to periodic renewal as determined by the Sec-retary concerned to ensure military installa-tion security.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 57 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1126 the following new item: ‘‘1126a. Gold Star Installation Access Card: issuance and protections.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CURRENT DEFINI -
TIONS .—Section 1126(d) of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘In this section and section 1126a of this title:’’. 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF COMMISSARY AND EX-CHANGE BENEFITS FOR REMARRIED SPOUSES WITH DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
(a) B ENEFITS .—Section 1062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) CERTAIN UNREMARRIED FORMER  S
POUSES .—The Secretary of Defense’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN REMARRIED SURVIVING  S
POUSES .—The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to provide that a surviving spouse of a deceased member of the armed forces, re-gardless of the marital status of the sur-viving spouse, who has guardianship of de-pendent children of the deceased member is entitled to use commissary stores and MWR retail facilities to the same extent and on the same basis as the unremarried surviving spouse of a member of the uniformed serv-ices.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1062 of title 10, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘commissary and exchange privileges’’ and inserting ‘‘use commissary stores and MWR retail facilities’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) MWR R
ETAIL FACILITIES .—The term ‘MWR retail facilities’ has the meaning given that term in section 1063(e) of this title.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of sec-tion 1062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1062. Certain former spouses and surviving spouses’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 1062 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘1062. Certain former spouses and surviving spouses.’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3911) to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 with respect to risk- based examinations of Nationally Rec-ognized Statistical Rating Organiza-tions. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3911 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Risk-Based Credit Examination Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RISK-BASED EXAMINATIONS OF NATION-ALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 15E(p)(3)(B) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(p)(3)(B)) is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.040 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8546 November 7, 2017 
amended in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘Each examination under subparagraph (A) shall include’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, nationally recognized statistical rating organizations—or NRSROs, as they are known—have been heavily criticized for the role that they played in facilitating the finan-cial crisis. In the years leading up to the crisis, the government adopted a series of policies that had the effect of confer-ring a ‘‘Good Housekeeping’’ seal of ap-proval on the rating agencies and on their products, including designating certain agencies as nationally recog-nized—a label that they had put on— and hardwiring references to their rat-ings into numerous Federal statutes and regulations. These regulatory privileges and the perception that the government had placed its blessing on the rating agen-cies’ assessments led to a sense of com-placency among investors and a failure of private sector due diligence that contributed to mispriced risk and a collapse of market confidence when ratings of certain asset-backed securi-ties were called into question during the credit meltdown of 2007 and 2008. Mr. Speaker, as a result, the Dodd- Frank Act mandated myriad regu-latory requirements on these NRSROs that were aimed at enhancing their dis-closure and transparency. While some of these provisions may have been con-structive, several created new barriers to entry and further entrenched a type of rating agency oligopoly that has not served investors or the economy well. The Dodd-Frank Act follows a ‘‘reg-istration, not regulation’’ approach. While it does not require the SEC—the Securities and Exchange Commission— to regulate or evaluate the rating agencies’ methodologies or models, it does seek to ensure that ratings are based on an objective application of the methodologies and that commer-cial considerations do not influence ratings decisions. Specifically, section 932, creates the Office of Credit Ratings at the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, which imposes more stringent conflict-of-in-terest regulations on credit rating agencies and gives the compliance offi-cers at these rating agencies additional responsibilities, including filing annual reports with the SEC. While credit agencies must be held accountable, these increased reporting requirements have given the burden to small credit rating agencies and have hurt investors who bear the true cost of these rules. That one-size-fits-all an-nual reporting requirements imposed by Dodd-Frank on all NRSROs placed unnecessary burdens and compliance costs on small NRSROs, who in no way were a cause of the financial crisis. As a result of the annual reporting requirements, large NRSROs that can absorb these compliance costs have gotten bigger; and smaller NRSROs, for whom these compliance costs really impose a disproportionate burden, they have been prevented from entering the marketplace and providing necessary competition. On May 15, 2013, former Securities and Exchange Commission Chair Mary Jo White wrote a letter on behalf of a unanimous commission to Chairman H
ENSARLING of the Financial Services Committee to request the provisions of H.R. 3911 as a legislative proposal. She said: ‘‘Rather than focusing every year on each of the designated eight review areas, allowing a risk-based approach would permit the SEC staff to tailor examinations. . . . As a result, staff could focus limited resources on these specific risks rather than reviewing the designated eight areas, some of which may not present a risk for a particular firm. . . . ‘’ Consistent with former Chair White’s request, H.R. 3911, statutorily changes the annual reporting requirements so that they are risk-based, instead of re-quiring the burdensome review of all eight review areas currently mandated. This approach is a commonsense bal-ance that still ensures large NRSROs are regulated while smaller NRSROs are provided necessary relief to enter and thrive in the marketplace. The legislation unanimously passed the Financial Services Committee last month, and I was pleased to be a part of that. At this time I would like to commend the bipartisan work of Representatives W
AGNER and F OSTER on this important bill. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3911. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think the House should note that the Speaker and the two gentlemen controlling the time are from the greatest State, the great State of Michigan, so I think we are in good hands. b1415 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3911, which is offered, as my colleague has said, in a bipartisan fash-ion by Representatives W
AGNER and F
OSTER . This legislation would allow the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to focus on the most high-risk areas when conducting annual examinations of cer-tain credit rating agencies known as nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. Credit rating agencies did, in fact, play a central role in the subprime mortgage meltdowns by routinely as-signing inflated credit ratings to high- risk structured mortgage products. These ratings, which were issued by agencies operating under conflicts of interests, allowed banks to assume un-reasonable amounts of risk and re-sulted in the loss of trillions of dollars when the mortgages underlying those risky investments began to default. In the wake of the ensuing financial crisis, the Dodd-Frank Act strength-ened oversight of credit rating agen-cies, including by directing the SEC to create an Office of Credit Ratings re-sponsible for conducting annual exami-nations of the rating organizations. Currently, each rating organization examination must include a review of eight topic areas designed to assess the adequacy of each agency’s internal controls, conflicts of interests, and rat-ing methodologies, among other areas. This legislation, H.R. 3911, is respon-sive to former SEC Chair Mary Jo White’s 2013 request to the Financial Services Committee for legislation that would allow the SEC staff to take a risk-based approach to annual rating organization examinations. Such an approach would allow the SEC to focus valuable resources on the areas where problematic conduct is most likely to exist. H.R. 3911 is designed to strengthen regulatory efforts rather than provide a basis for reduced accountability. So I do urge the SEC to use the discretion afforded under H.R. 3911 in order to focus on areas that present the great-est risk of misconduct. It is vital that our ratings organiza-tions are accountable, and I believe this bill is an important step to ensure that the inflated ratings that led up to the financial crisis are not repeated. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 3911. I thank Representatives FOSTER and W
AGNER for their bipartisan work on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AG-
NER), who is the author of this bill and chair of the Financial Services Over-sight and Investigations Subcommittee and, as I had said, sponsor of this legis-lation. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Sub-committee, my friend and colleague, Mr. H
UIZENGA , for his support. Mr. Speaker, first, I also wish to thank the ranking member and Con-gressman F
OSTER for his support of this issue both in the 114th Congress and the 115th Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.013 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8547 November 7, 2017 
H.R. 3911, the Risk-Based Credit Ex-amination Act, makes the criteria re-quired in annual reporting by nation-ally recognized statistical rating orga-nizations, or NRSROs, just that: risk based. In 2008, the financial crisis taught us many lessons. It also highlighted how NRSROs regularly gave high ratings to mortgage-backed securities. As we now know, these mortgage-backed securi-ties led to one of the largest financial collapses, which some economists have put on par with the Great Depression of the 1930s. In 2010, with the passage of Dodd- Frank and in an attempt to prevent previous mistakes, these organizations were hit with new requirements aimed at enhancing their disclosures and transparency. Unfortunately, the one- size-fits-all annual reporting require-ments mandated under section 932 of Dodd-Frank placed unnecessary bur-dens and compliance costs on small NRSROs that were in no way the cause of the financial crisis. Contrary to what some might be-lieve, more regulation doesn’t solve ev-erything; in fact, it doesn’t solve most things. After the Office of Credit Ratings was created in 2012 and the new require-ments were put into place, smaller NRSROs found it difficult to enter the marketplace. Ironically, the large cred-it rating agencies—which, again, had a hand in the financial crisis—are get-ting bigger, driving out small credit rating agencies and making it clear that these new regulatory require-ments missed their intended mark and placed unnecessary requirements on smaller NRSROs. Mr. Speaker, a move to a risk-based model will alleviate the burden on small NRSROs and provide competition while continuing to maintain oversight and transparency over the industry. The marketplace needs this fix. As the chairman noted in a 2013 letter, SEC Chairman Mary Jo White concurred with these conclusions. Let’s be clear. This bill does not eliminate reporting requirements for credit rating agencies; instead, it sim-ply makes the criteria required in an-nual reports risk based. Credit rating agencies will still be held accountable, while allowing real competition in the market. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that is both bi-partisan and commonsense, something we don’t often see in Washington, D.C. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would just reiterate two things. One, I think here is an opportunity for us to demonstrate that there are times when we come together to deal with specific problems in a bipartisan fashion. We ought to encourage it, and I am pleased to be a part of it. Again, I would like to reiterate the point that this legislation is not in-tended to weaken oversight; in fact, it is intended to focus oversight on those areas of greatest risk. It is my hope and my sincere belief that that is the approach that the SEC will take upon passage and enactment of this legisla-tion. It is a step in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to echo the words of my col-league from Michigan: a bipartisan, unanimous bill coming out of the Fi-nancial Services Committee deserves the support of this House. We are very pleased that we have been able to strike this accommodation, this bal-ance, between making sure that those rating agencies that truly did have a hand in causing our economic down-turn are separated from those smaller institutions that really had nothing to do with that. Now, with this overregulation that has occurred due to Dodd-Frank, I have really been put at a disadvantage and, ironically, have lowered competition in this space. So we believe that we are restoring some commonsense provi-sions back into the law. With that, I would like to encourage all of my col-leagues to vote for H.R. 3911. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3911. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
CLARIFYING COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE LOANS Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2148) to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to clarify capital requirements for certain acquisition, development, or construction loans, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2148 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘Clarifying Com-mercial Real Estate Loans’’. 
SEC. 2. CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN ACQUISITION, DEVELOPMENT, OR CONSTRUCTION LOANS. 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 51. CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN ACQUISITION, DEVELOPMENT, OR CONSTRUCTION LOANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The appropriate Federal banking agencies may only subject a deposi-tory institution to higher capital standards with respect to a high volatility commercial real estate (HVCRE) exposure (as such term is defined under section 324.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as of October 11, 2017, or if a successor regulation is in effect as of the date of the enactment of this section, such term or any successor term contained in such successor regulation) if such expo-sure is an HVCRE ADC loan. ‘‘(b) HVCRE ADC LOANDEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section and with respect to a depository institution, the term ‘HVCRE ADC loan’— ‘‘(1) means a credit facility secured by land or improved real property that, prior to being reclassified by the depository institu-tion as a Non-HVCRE ADC loan pursuant to subsection (d)— ‘‘(A) primarily finances, has financed, or refinances the acquisition, development, or construction of real property; ‘‘(B) has the purpose of providing financing to acquire, develop, or improve such real property into income-producing real prop-erty; and ‘‘(C) is dependent upon future income or sales proceeds from, or refinancing of, such real property for the repayment of such cred-it facility; ‘‘(2) does not include a credit facility fi-nancing— ‘‘(A) the acquisition, development, or con-struction of properties that are— ‘‘(i) one- to four-family residential prop-erties; ‘‘(ii) real property that would qualify as an investment in community development; or ‘‘(iii) agricultural land; ‘‘(B) the acquisition or refinance of exist-ing income-producing real property secured by a mortgage on such property, if the cash flow being generated by the real property is sufficient to support the debt service and ex-penses of the real property, as determined by the depository institution, in accordance with the institution’s applicable loan under-writing criteria for permanent financings; ‘‘(C) improvements to existing income-pro-ducing improved real property secured by a mortgage on such property, if the cash flow being generated by the real property is suffi-cient to support the debt service and ex-penses of the real property, as determined by the depository institution, in accordance with the institution’s applicable loan under-writing criteria for permanent financings; or ‘‘(D) commercial real property projects in which— ‘‘(i) the loan-to-value ratio is less than or equal to the applicable maximum super-visory loan-to-value ratio as determined by the appropriate Federal banking agency; and ‘‘(ii) the borrower has contributed capital of at least 15 percent of the real property’s appraised, ‘as completed’ value to the project in the form of— ‘‘(I) cash; ‘‘(II) unencumbered readily marketable as-sets; ‘‘(III) paid development expenses out-of- pocket; or ‘‘(IV) contributed real property or im-provements; and ‘‘(iii) the borrower contributed the min-imum amount of capital described under clause (ii) before the depository institution advances funds under the credit facility, and such minimum amount of capital contrib-uted by the borrower is contractually re-quired to remain in the project until the credit facility has been reclassified by the depository institution as a Non-HVCRE ADC loan under subsection (d); ‘‘(3) does not include any loan made prior to January 1, 2015; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.044 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8548 November 7, 2017 
‘‘(4) does not include a credit facility re-classified as a Non-HVCRE ADC loan under subsection (d). ‘‘(c) V
ALUE OF CONTRIBUTED REAL PROP-
ERTY .—For purposes of this section, the value of any real property contributed by a borrower as a capital contribution shall be the appraised value of the property as deter-mined under standards prescribed pursuant to section 1110 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 3339), in connection with the extension of the credit facility or loan to such borrower. ‘‘(d) R
ECLASSIFICATION AS A NON-HVCRE ADC L
OAN.—For purposes of this section and with respect to a credit facility and a deposi-tory institution, upon— ‘‘(1) the completion of the development or construction of the real property being fi-nanced by the credit facility; and ‘‘(2) cash flow being generated by the real property being sufficient to support the debt service and expenses of the real property, in either case to the satisfaction of the de-pository institution, in accordance with the institution’s applicable loan underwriting criteria for permanent financings, the credit facility may be reclassified by the depository institution as a Non-HVCRE ADC loan.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in response to the 2008 financial crisis, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an organiza-tion that, frankly, most citizens might not have any idea exists, much less the effects and the influences on their banking lives, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision agreed to modify internationally negotiated bank regu-latory standards, known as the Basel Accords. This was going to increase bank capital requirements. On July 9, 2013, the Federal banking regulators here in the United States— including the Federal Reserve; the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation, FDIC; and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, OCC—all issued a final rule to implement most of the so-called Basel III recommendations, including modifications to capital requirements. Basel III imposes new rules for high volatility commercial real estate, also known as HVCREs. Unfortunately, we have a lot of acro-nyms in the Financial Services space, but you will be hearing a lot about these HVCREs over the course of the next few minutes. These HVCRE rules are those which the regulations characterize as loans that finance the acquisition, develop-ment, or construction of real property. Loans that finance the acquisition, de-velopment, and construction of one- to four-family residential properties, projects that qualify as community de-velopment investment, and loans to businesses or farms with gross revenue exceeding $1 million are exempt from this HVCRE classification. In June of 2017, the Treasury Depart-ment released its first report in re-sponse to the President’s February 2017 ‘‘Core Principles for Regulating the United States Financial System,’’ in-forming the administration’s perspec-tive to regulate the financial system. The report, entitled, ‘‘A Financial Sys-tem That Creates Economic Opportuni-ties—Banks and Credit Unions,’’ calls on regulators to simplify and clarify the definition of these HVCRE loans to avoid the application of excessively stringent postcrisis capital require-ments and concentration limits related to such loans, but does not identify specific language and changes. Additionally, in September of this past year, the OCC, FDIC, and the Fed-eral Reserve proposed a rule that at-tempted to simplify the regulatory capital calculations for these HVCREs. The proposal would change the current definition of HVCRE and replace it with a new definition related to high volatility acquisition, development, or construction loans. HVADC is what it has been dubbed. The complexity of the HVCRE defini-tion and its uncertain application are making it difficult for banks to com-ply. While we appreciate the various banking agencies’ attempt at simpli-fying the capital treatment of acquisi-tion, development, and construction loans, their proposal actually broadens the number of loans subject to higher capital charge. This actually increases the amount capital banks will be re-quired to carry for these ADC loans— hardly a simplification. Increases in risk weighting on these loans have had a significant impact on institutions’ capital ratios and, as a re-sult, have increased costs to borrowers. If a loan is classified as an HVCRE loan, the lender will face a lower re-turn on its capital as a result of the higher capital reserve requirement, meaning they are going to have to hold more capital. This will lead to in-creased pricing on the loan, including a higher interest rate for the borrower. H.R. 2148, Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans, introduced by my colleagues Representatives P
ITTENGER  and S
COTT, helps address the uncer-tainty related to the Basel capital rules and its impact on certain acquisi-tion, development, or construction loans. The bill clarifies the types of loans that should and should not be classified as HVCREs and which types of equity can be used to meet capital requirements. Currently, that uncertainty is cre-ating confusion and affecting commer-cial real estate ADC loans by increas-ing borrowing costs and reducing credit availability, which may be contrib-uting to a slowdown in commercial real estate lending. I commend the bipartisan works of Representatives PITTENGER and S COTT on this important bill. Having passed the Financial Services Committee by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 59–1, there is no reason that we shouldn’t have the same overwhelming bipartisan support for H.R. 2148 today. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2148, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to sup-port H.R. 2148, and I want to start by thanking the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT) and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) for their work on this bipartisan legis-lation, a bill that deals with capital rules for commercial real estate loans, including acquisition, development, or construction loans. It is critical that Federal bank regu-lators maintain the strong capital rules that have been implemented after the enactment of Dodd-Frank. These rules have made the U.S. financial sys-tem much safer, while protecting con-sumers, investors, and taxpayers in promoting stable economic growth. Unlike some proposals that have been introduced that would gut the regulatory framework of Dodd-Frank, I am pleased that this bill reasonably seeks to resolve a valid concern raised by community banks that certain cap-ital rules relating to high volatility commercial real estate, or HVCRE, loans are far too complex. This is an issue that financial regulators like the FDIC have also acknowledged must be addressed and must be fixed. The problem, in fact, was highlighted in their Economic Growth and Regu-latory Paperwork Reduction Act re-port, which was published earlier this year. In September, financial regulators released a proposal to revise the cap-ital rules to make the calculations more straightforward. This is a good step in resolving this issue. Although I am supportive of H.R. 2148, there are some concerns that I have heard and that I can appreciate, including that it could provide for more rigid definitions relating to cap-ital rules. The highly technical standards are important, though, to demonstrate congressional intent. But Congress may not need to act, if bank regulators correct the problem on their own. In addition, according to the FDIC Inspector General, commercial real es-tate loans generally account for more than one-third of community bank lending. The GAO found that failure of many small banks in the last crisis were ‘‘driven by credit losses on CRE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.014 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8549 November 7, 2017 
loans, particularly loans secured by real estate to finance land development and construction.’’ We have to be cau-tious, and we should be sensitive to these risks. Notwithstanding all of those legiti-mate concerns that we should keep in mind, I support this legislation and hope that it will send a clear signal to the regulators that they should con-sider and address any comments on their proposed rule without delay that is fully sensitive to the risks that I have discussed. Importantly, in committee, Con-gresswoman M
ALONEY offered an amendment that I was pleased was adopted. This amendment better aligns this bill with the regulators’ proposed rule to fix this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, H.R. 2148, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), the vice chairman of the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee of the Finan-cial Services Committee and the spon-sor of this legislation. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 2148, the Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans Act. I would also like to thank my colleague, Chairman H
UIZENGA , for his leadership on our behalf. This bipartisan legislation makes commonsense reforms to the high vola-tility commercial real estate loan process and clarifies the existing regu-lations to help simplify real estate fi-nancing in high volatility markets, in-cluding economically depressed urban communities. The complexity of the current HVCRE definition, combined with the failure of Federal regulators to clarify and define HVCRE rules and how and where they are to be applied, has made certain that these development loans have become way too expensive. This has increased borrowing costs and re-duced credit availability. These failures directly impact local communities. We have seen fewer jobs, less economic growth, and increased costs for community projects, in addi-tion to setbacks for local banks and de-velopers. My bipartisan legislation addresses many of these concerns by broadening the types of equity the developer may place towards the heightened risk re-quirements of an HVCRE loan. We also clarify which types of loans should and should not be classified as HVCRE. We must codify and improve the HVCRE rules to ensure market and industry stability. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman D
AVID SCOTT, Congresswoman C AROLYN  M
ALONEY , and Ranking Member W
ATERS , who actively worked with me on this important legislation. Please join us in supporting this common-sense, bipartisan legislation. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), a distinguished member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for yielding and for his leader-ship on this and so many issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 2148, which clarifies and simplifies the capital rules for commercial real estate loans. This bill addresses an important issue, which is that the capital require-ments for commercial real estate loans are overly complex for banks and un-necessarily punish certain types of commercial real estate loans and, thereby, the overall economy. I have had many community bankers and real estate developers complain to me about this, and I think that they have a point. Even the regulators agree that these rules are overly complicated and need to be simplified, so there is broad consensus that this is a long-time, legitimate problem that needs to be fixed. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS for all their hard work on this issue. I also want to thank Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. S COTT for working with me during this mark-up on an amendment to strengthen the bill. The current capital rules punish commercial real estate loans that are considered high volatility, by requiring banks to hold additional capital against them. They have to hold cap-ital worth 150 percent for these high volatility loans, as opposed to the nor-mal 100 percent for other commercial real estate loans. These high volatility commercial real estate loans, or HVCRE loans, are usually made so that a borrower can purchase vacant or undeveloped land, which they then will build on or hold for a later time. But the capital rules for these HVCRE loans were extremely complex and led to a great deal of confusion about which loans were considered high volatility and which were not. The regulators finally did propose a rule to simplify the treatment of high volatility commercial real estate loans just a few weeks ago. This bill address-es the same issue as the regulators’ proposed rule by simplifying the cap-ital rules for commercial real estate loans. I offered an amendment in com-mittee that further aligned the bill with the best parts of the regulators’ proposed rule, which I think ultimately strengthened and improved the bill. The bill would simplify the capital rules by removing the so-called con-tributed capital requirement, which re-quires very complicated calculations and forces banks to project the value of the property years into the future, which is extremely difficult, if not im-possible, to do. Even the regulators have concluded that this entire contributed capital re-quirement is unnecessarily burdensome and does not add protection at all. Re-moving it will streamline the capital rules for banks and make it easier to finance job-creating projects. The regu-lators have proposed to remove this en-tire requirement, and I agree. Under current law, banks have to hold more capital when the property is vacant and not producing any income. So the bill clarifies that when a prop-erty does start to produce sufficient in-come to cover the debt service pay-ments to the bank, then the loan is much safer, and thus is eligible for cap-ital relief, removing the 150 percent surcharge and going back down to 100 percent. I think this bill is a very good, com-monsense bill that fixes a legitimate problem, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I believe it will make access to capital more fair and will get it out into the community, creating jobs. I congratulate all of my colleagues who were part of this process, and I support the bill. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), vice chairman of the Finan-cial Institutions Subcommittee of Fi-nancial Services. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
UIZENGA for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) for leading on this important legislation. I rise today to express my support for the Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans act. The Financial Institutions Sub-committee has spent a significant amount of time analyzing the state of bank lending. Not surprisingly, aside from loans from major banks to major corporations, we found that bank lend-ing in today’s regulatory environment is weak. We need to jump-start our eco-nomic growth once again, so we are going to need to find ways to address some of the unintended consequences of the rules coming out of Washington, D.C. The high volatility commercial real estate loan designation is one such fea-ture that has inhibited growth and op-portunity. The complexity and ambi-guity of HVCRE makes it hard for banks to comply. This drives up bor-rowing costs for real estate developers and prevents entrepreneurs from en-gaging in the types of activities that create jobs and opportunity. This legislation will bring clarity and common sense to HVCRE require-ments, and I ask that my colleagues support the Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans act, which is impor-tant legislation. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. H
UIZENGA , for his work on this. I also thank Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. S COTT as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.048 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8550 November 7, 2017 
This is a piece of legislation, again, as the previous legislation did, that demonstrates that we do have the ca-pability of solving a problem and com-ing together on specific issues when we can. In this case, we have legislation that, I think, strikes that important balance in maintaining important regulations and standards in place that prevent the kind of catastrophes that we have seen in the past, but also, in this case, an-ticipates that there is a legitimate problem that needs to be solved, par-ticularly in this case, in ensuring that development can occur in those places where it is often very difficult to see development take place. This is some-thing that is absolutely critical and makes sense. This legislation strikes a good balance between those competing interests. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2148. I com-mend my good friend, Mr. P
ITTENGER , for his great work on this. Again, I point out that this bill came out of the Financial Services Committee on a bi-partisan vote of 59–1. We think that this is a commonsense, reasonable ac-commodation for a problem that has been created by Dodd-Frank, and we are glad that, on a bipartisan basis, we can be addressing that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2148, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1445 VETERAN URGENT ACCESS TO MENTAL HEALTHCARE ACT Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 918) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish mental health care to certain former members of the Armed Forces who are not other-wise eligible to receive such care, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 918 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veteran Ur-gent Access to Mental Healthcare Act’’. SEC. 2. EXPANSION OF MENTAL HEALTH CARE FOR CERTAIN FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1720H the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 1720I. Expansion of mental health care for certain former members of the Armed Forces ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall fur-nish to former members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) an initial mental health assessment; and ‘‘(2) the mental health care services au-thorized under this chapter that the Sec-retary determines are required to treat the mental health care needs of the former mem-ber, including risk of suicide or harming oth-ers. ‘‘(b) F
ORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES DESCRIBED .—A former member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is an individual who meets the following cri-teria: ‘‘(1) The individual is a former member of the Armed Forces, including the reserve components, who— ‘‘(A) served in the active military, naval, or air service, and was discharged or released therefrom under a condition that is not hon-orable except— ‘‘(i) dishonorable; or ‘‘(ii) bad conduct discharge; ‘‘(B) has applied for a character of service determination and such determination has not been made; and ‘‘(C) is not otherwise eligible to enroll in the health care system established by sec-tion 1705 of this title by reason of such dis-charge or release not meeting the require-ments of section 101(2) of this title. ‘‘(2) While serving in the Armed Forces— ‘‘(A) the former member was deployed in a theater of combat operations or an area at a time during which hostilities occurred in that area; ‘‘(B) participated in or experienced such combat operations or hostilities, including by controlling an unmanned aerial vehicle from a location other than such theater or area; or ‘‘(C) was the victim of a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment (as defined in section 1720D(f) of this title). ‘‘(c) N
ON-DEPARTMENT CARE.—(1) In fur-nishing mental health care services to an in-dividual under this section, the Secretary may provide such mental health care serv-ices at a non-Department facility if— ‘‘(A) in the judgment of a mental health professional employed by the Department, the receipt of mental health care services by that individual in facilities of the Depart-ment would be clinically inadvisable; or ‘‘(B) facilities of the Department are not capable of furnishing such mental health care services to that individual economically because of geographical inaccessibility. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall carry out para-graph (1) pursuant to section 1703 of this title or any other provision of law author-izing the Secretary to enter into contracts or agreements to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans at non-Depart-ment facilities. ‘‘(d) S
ETTING AND REFERRALS .—In fur- nishing mental health care services to an in-dividual under this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) seek to ensure that such mental health care services are furnished in a set-ting that is therapeutically appropriate, tak-ing into account the circumstances that re-sulted in the need for such mental health care services; and ‘‘(2) provide referral services to assist former members who are not eligible for services under this chapter to obtain services from sources outside the Department. ‘‘(e) INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall provide information on the mental health care services available under this section. Efforts by the Secretary to provide such in-formation— ‘‘(1) shall include availability of a toll-free telephone number (commonly referred to as an 800 number); ‘‘(2) shall ensure that information about the mental health care services available under this section— ‘‘(A) is revised and updated as appropriate; ‘‘(B) is made available and visibly posted at appropriate facilities of the Department; and ‘‘(C) is made available to State veteran agencies and through appropriate public in-formation services; and ‘‘(3) shall include coordination with the Secretary of Defense seeking to ensure that members of the Armed Forces and individ-uals who are being separated from active military, naval, or air service are provided appropriate information about programs, re-quirements, and procedures for applying for mental health care services under this sec-tion. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress an annual report on the mental health care services provided pursuant to this section. Each re-port shall include data for the year covered by the report with respect to each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The number of individuals who re-ceived mental health care services under subsection (a), disaggregated by the number of men who received such services and the number of women who received such serv-ices. ‘‘(2) Such other information as the Sec-retary considers appropriate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1720H the following new item: ‘‘1720I. Expansion of mental health care for certain former members of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SEC. 3. CHARACTER OF SERVICE DETERMINA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5303A the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 5303B. Character of service determinations ‘‘(a) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall establish a process by which an individual who served in the Armed Forces and was dis-charged or dismissed therefrom may seek a determination from the Secretary with re-spect to whether such discharge or release was under a condition that bars the right of such individual to a benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary based upon the period of service from which discharged or dismissed. ‘‘(b) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—If the Secretary determines under subsection (a) that an individual is barred to a benefit under the laws administered by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall provide to such individual information regarding the ability of the individual to address such condition, including pursuant to section 5303 of this title and chapter 79 of title 10.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5303A the following new item: ‘‘5303B. Character of service determina-tions.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.049 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8551 November 7, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 918, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 918, as amended, which was in-troduced by my friend and longtime committee member, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). Mr. Speaker, there have been a num-ber of different names for stress-re-lated military health conditions throughout our Nation’s history: battle fatigue, combat stress reaction, shell shock, post-traumatic stress disorder. Too often we see military personnel returning home with difficulties ad-justing to civilian life. For many re-turning servicemembers, these stressors affect one’s postdeployment, especially those receiving other than honorable discharges. Under current law, military per-sonnel who separate under this status are not eligible for healthcare benefits or general services typically offered to honorable or generally discharged vet-erans through the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear, I firmly believe that discharge status is an important tool for military leader-ship, a tool which helps preserve order and discipline among the ranks. Re-moving the proverbial bad apples from the bushel is key to maintaining a co-hesive unit structure. However, there also seems to be an evolving trend of soldiers who receive other than honorable discharges as a result of their military experience, rather than simply being a bad or inef-fective soldier. In fact, according to the Medal of Honor Society, there are no fewer than eight Medal of Honor recipients who have received other than honorable dis-charges. H.R. 918, as amended, would provide that those combat veterans who receive other than honorable dis-charge statuses would be eligible to re-ceive critical mental health assess-ments and services from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. It is only right, Mr. Speaker. Again, I appreciate the hard work and forward thinking of my friend from Colorado, who is also a veteran, Mr. C
OFFMAN . I urge my colleagues to sup-port this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida for his long service to this Nation’s veterans, as well as his family’s service to our veterans. It is appropriate we are here the week of Veterans Day bringing im-portant legislation to the floor once again, a committee that understands our responsibility, is not political or partisan, it is to this Nation’s veterans in keeping the promise. Mr. Speaker, I do rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 918, as amended, the Vet-eran Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act offered by Mr. COFF-
MAN. I would also like to take note of the work that Mr. C
OFFMAN has done on many issues. This one, in particular, is near and dear to my heart. His leader-ship has helped get us to the point where we are making progress on this. As you heard the gentleman from Florida say, the issues that come with service in this Nation’s military can be physical injury or they can be the men-tal injuries of war. We also understand that with that comes changes in behav-ior, and there are reasons that people are removed from service, and I am in-credibly proud that this committee has taken this issue head-on. Of those who are removed because of issues that they started to acquire from their serv-ice in uniform, this legislation is going to ensure that those people with less than honorable discharges get the care; specifically, focusing on military sex-ual trauma, the idea that we have war-riors in uniform who are assaulted, in many cases, by fellow servicemembers, and because of the inability to re-integrate in that unit, they are dis-charged with less than honorable paper, precluding them from getting the services that they have earned. With more than 20 veterans a day— and I think those numbers are probably low—taking their own lives, this issue of making sure that all servicemem-bers and all veterans have access to mental healthcare, removing those bar-riers, is of prime importance. Secretary Shulkin has made the first step in this. Mr. C
OFFMAN has contin-ued to make sure that this committee stays focused on this, continuing to add more and more access. For that, this legislation ensures the initiative becomes permanent. It puts it into law and it takes us the next step forward. For that, I am grateful. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the ranking member 100 percent. This needs to be done. It is long over-due, and thanks to my good friend, Mr. C
OFFMAN , it is going to get done. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFF-
MAN). Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, as we approach Veterans Day, our Nation is still faced with the epidemic of veteran suicide. And while the VA has made it a priority to address this problem, there are still many combat veterans left without access to VA mental healthcare services. Here is what we know. An average of 20 veterans commit suicide daily. VA evidence suggests a decrease in suicide risk among those who have received VA healthcare services. In May 2017, the Government Accountability Office found that 62 percent of the over 91,000 servicemembers who were separated for misconduct from 2011 to 2015 had been diagnosed with PTSD, TBI, or other conditions that would be associated with misconduct. Of those veterans, 23 percent, or 13,282, received an other than honor-able discharge, leaving them without access to VA’s critical mental healthcare services. As a Marine Corps combat veteran, I like to live by the rule that we never leave anyone behind. Unfortunately, the military routinely used the other than honorable discharge to rid itself of combat veterans who were des-ignated as having disciplinary prob-lems and who often had documented medical histories of PTSD, rather than providing them with the treatment and rehabilitation they so desperately needed. While the correlation between their mental health condition and minor misconduct could be linked, this fact made no difference to their character of discharge. Mr. Speaker, my legislation, H.R. 918, the Veteran Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act, seeks to correct this. Historically, a veteran with an other than honorable discharge has been able to seek VA care for a service-connected disability. However, due to the way these combat veterans were discharged and because of a failure to connect the dots between their minor misconduct and their mental health condition, the Department of Defense has failed to recognize this as a problem. H.R. 918 will stay with tradition and correct this disconnect by authorizing mental healthcare services for these other than honorably discharged com-bat veterans. This bill also requires an initial mental health assessment and directs the VA Secretary to establish a formal character of service determina-tion process to trigger reviews of their discharges for potential eligibility for VA benefits. Mr. Speaker, before the rate of vet-eran suicides increases any more, it is time to right this wrong and perma-nently authorize mental healthcare services for some of our Nation’s most vulnerable veterans. When someone puts on the uniform, they take an oath to defend our freedoms. We, in turn, as a nation, promise to make sure they receive the care and the services they need after returning from the battle-field. As we approach Veterans Day, I en-courage my colleagues to keep that promise for these combat veterans with other than honorable discharges and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.052 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8552 November 7, 2017 
support the passage of H.R. 918. I thank Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZfor their support of this legisla-tion. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-tunity, but, more importantly, prob-ably the most effective voice in this Congress on veterans’ mental health and suicide. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, our ranking member on the committee, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have a crisis in sui-cide among veterans today in this country. The official estimate, which I agree with the ranking member, is probably an estimate that is too low: 20. I think the real number is much higher than that, but 20 a day, we know for sure, are taking their own lives in this country after they have put those same lives on the line for this country. Amidst that crisis, we know that those veterans who have an other than honorable discharge are taking their lives at twice the rate of those vet-erans who have an honorable discharge. Thanks to Mr. C
OFFMAN , my col-league from across the aisle, thanks to the bipartisan support of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and the leadership from the chairman and the ranking member, we are beginning to address that, in ensuring that the 22,000 veterans who have an other than hon-orable discharge since 2009, who in-curred post-traumatic stress disorder or military sexual trauma while in service to this country will now be able to see mental healthcare providers. Be-fore this, they were precluded from that. I want to thank the Trump adminis-tration and especially Secretary Shulkin for doing the most that they could administratively to see these veterans in crisis in emergency rooms, but we need to take the next step and ensure that they have preventative care, continuous care, and continuity in that care going forward so that we save more of these lives. Given what these veterans have laid down for this country, what they have done for the United States, making us stronger and better, serving at less than 1 percent since 9/11 so that so many others do not have to serve, the least we can do is to make sure that they have access to the care that they have earned. I want to thank Mr. C
OFFMAN and his team, the minority and the majority staffs for incorporating the best ideas from both sides of the aisle to make sure that we have a bill that will be-come law that ensures that we do our best for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol, in the Senate, especially Sen-ator M
URPHY , who worked on the com-panion legislation of this, to make sure that we have something to bring to the President’s desk. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have two more speakers. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), a veteran herself, a veteran of the conflicts in Iraq, and a strong voice for our veterans and specifically for our veterans with mental health issues. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my fellow veteran and friend and colleague from Minnesota for being such a strong advocate on this issue. I also thank our friends on the other side of the aisle who have been pushing this issue forward con-stantly year after year, as we will con-tinue to do so until this issue is re-solved. So many of our servicemembers have selflessly put their lives on the line to protect and defend our country. Our country owes them a debt of gratitude, something we are often reminded of every year around this time as we head into Veterans Day. Unfortunately, too often, our fellow servicemembers are coming home and they are being prevented from receiv-ing the care that they have earned through their service. They bear the brunt of the human cost of war with an average of 20 veterans committing sui-cide every single day. Their families carry this sacrifice and this cost throughout their lives. The rate of mental health and sub-stance use disorders has been steadily rising since 2001. This legislation is bi-partisan and would require the VA to provide urgent mental healthcare serv-ices, including an initial mental health assessment to veterans who have par-ticipated in combat operations or who have survived sexual assault or harass-ment. It would also expand those services to those who received a discharge under certain other than honorable conditions who haven’t received the character of service or discharge deter-mination yet. We have heard already about the high numbers of veterans who fall into this category and about how negatively this discharge has affected their lives. When they come home, they are work-ing on their transition to a successful civilian life. This discharge takes away their access to healthcare. It takes away their access to services and bene-fits that they have earned through, many times, multiple deployments, services that are in place to help set our veterans up for success upon their return home. In addition, this bill would require the VA to provide services at non-VA facilities for veterans who live in rural or underserved communities. b1500 I can’t state enough how important this is because it affects those veterans in my district, and on different islands in the State of Hawaii, who are sepa-rated literally by a body of water from the VA clinic. The Veteran Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act would also mandate the VA to provide additional information for mental health services for veterans and to ensure that they provide annual reports to Congress on those services that they have been providing to our veterans. This is such an important piece of legislation. I urge all of our colleagues to stand up and support its passage and see it through to its enactment. We cannot afford to leave our men and women in uniform behind. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ), who, since coming to Congress, has focused on the issues of care for veterans, and for that I am grateful. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank my colleagues across the aisle for working on this issue. I think it is particularly powerful when what happens in this marble building isn’t some distant theoretical policy conversation. This actually af-fects people in each of our districts. I first learned about this issue about a year and a half ago. I was at home talking to a group of veterans at the University of Washington Tacoma. We were discussing their service to our Na-tion and some of the challenges that they had experienced in coming home. Then the conversation took an unex-pected turn. One of the veterans talked about a servicemember, who is a friend, who had gone overseas, and, in his words: Had seen quite a lot. He said when that veteran came home, he wasn’t quite the same person that he had been. Unfortunately, those chal-lenges led to some substance issues, and then to an other than honorable discharge. As a consequence, as he explained, that veteran was unable to get mental healthcare treatment through the Vet-erans Administration. Here was a vet-eran, someone who sacrificed for his country, who was unable to get the services he earned, due to a condition that he most likely developed through that service. Coming back to this Washington, I was honored to cosponsor this bill, and I appreciate the work of Representa-tive C
OFFMAN , and other colleagues, in advancing this important bill. This bill is simple. It allows veterans discharged in an other than honorable status to be screened for urgent mental health conditions and are found to be eligible for treatment. While I appreciate the fact that the VA has voluntarily adopted this policy on its own, we need to make sure that this becomes law to ensure that future administrations help the thousands of veterans who have served our Nation and might otherwise be denied needed treatment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.053 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8553 November 7, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to thank all of the speakers here who laid out exactly what this bill does. It is the right thing to do. It is something that needs to move forward. I would also suggest that, as we ap-proach Veterans Day, one of the best ways we can honor those who gave service to this country is conduct our business in the House of Representa-tives the way it was done on this piece of legislation: in a bipartisan manner, with common goals, common values, smart thinking that was put into it to move this forward for the care of a fel-low citizen, and doing the right thing. So, for that, I thank everyone in-volved with this, and I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 918. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, once again, I encourage all Mem-bers to support this legislation. Let’s get it through the Senate, as well, and get it on the President’s desk, as he supports it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 918, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS TRANSPLANT COVERAGE ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1133) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1133 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Transplant Coverage Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION TO PROVIDE FOR OPER-ATIONS ON LIVE DONORS FOR PUR-POSES OF CONDUCTING TRANS-PLANT PROCEDURES FOR VET-ERANS. 
Section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by adding after subsection (t) the following new subsection: ‘‘(u) T
RANSPLANT PROCEDURES WITHLIVE D
ONORS AND RELATED SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), in a case in which a veteran is eligi-ble for a transplant procedure from the De-partment, the Secretary may provide for an operation on a live donor to carry out such procedure for such veteran, notwithstanding that the live donor may not be eligible for health care from the Department. ‘‘(2) OTHER SERVICES .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations for such purpose, the Secretary shall furnish to a live donor any care or services before and after con-ducting the transplant procedure under para-graph (1) that may be required in connection with such procedure. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF NON -DEPARTMENT FACILITIES .— In carrying out this subsection, the Sec-retary may provide for the operation de-scribed in paragraph (1) on a live donor and furnish to the live donor the care and serv-ices described in paragraph (2) at a non-De-partment facility pursuant to an agreement entered into by the Secretary under this sec-tion. The live donor shall be deemed to be an individual eligible for hospital care and med-ical services at a non-Department facility pursuant to such an agreement solely for the purposes of receiving such operation, care, and services at the non-Department facil-ity.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1133, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1133, as amended, the Veterans Transplant Coverage Act of 2017. This bill is meant to remove an un-necessary barrier to care for veterans in need of transplants involving a liv-ing donor. Last year, Mr. Charles Nelson, a 100 percent service-connected veteran from Texas, sought a kidney transplant through the Department of Veterans Affairs with Mr. Nelson’s nonveteran son, Austin, serving as Mr. Nelson’s live donor. Rather than travel from his home in Texas to VA transplant centers in ei-ther Nashville, Tennessee, or Portland, Oregon, Mr. Nelson requested to re-ceive his transplant at the University Hospital in San Antonio using the Choice Program. However, his request was denied by VA because Austin was not a veteran, and, therefore, VA did not believe the Department had the au-thority to pay for this portion of the transplant procedure with Choice funds. Mr. Nelson eventually received his transplant in San Antonio using his Medicare benefits, private donations, and personal savings to cover the cost of his and Austin’s care. To prevent any other veterans from being unable to access transplant care in the community under Choice, H.R. 1133, as amended, would amend the Choice Program to allow VA to pay for any care or services a live donor may require to carry out a transplant proce-dure for an eligible veteran, notwith-standing that the live donor may not be eligible for VA healthcare. I thank my friend from Texas, Con-gressman CARTER , for his dedication to solving this problem for his con-stituent, Mr. Nelson, and for veterans and families across the country. This is how Congress should work. He is a great representative, and I am really proud to serve with him. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1133, as amended, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1133. And, again, the gentleman was very clear: by allowing the VA to provide healthcare to non-VA eligible donors, veterans can more easily receive life-saving donations from their families and friends. Family members of vet-erans are often the best match for pro-viding a veteran with a live organ do-nation and are typically more willing to be a live donor. Under current law, a veteran can re-ceive only a live organ donation from another veteran receiving the trans-plant at a VA hospital. This is one of those pieces of legisla-tion that, I think, when many of us saw it brought forward, makes great com-mon sense. It is the right thing to do. I understand possibly why they put that in there. But all of us know that it is going to be that exact scenario that it is going to be a family member or someone near who is going to want to do the transplant. If the best place to do that for the veteran is at the VA hospital, and they can get them in, it makes great sense to do it. So I do want to also thank Rep-resentative C
ARTER for bringing this forward. This is, again, improving care, and making sure that we are focusing on the issues that we can make a dif-ference on. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. W ALZfor rising in support of this. When Mr. Nelson and his family came to me with this, the first thing I thought was: That is the dumbest thing I have ever heard. You have a child, waiting to give you a live kidney in a transplant, and he is eliminated as a donor because he is not a veteran. It is hard enough to find live transplants as it is. And common sense by everybody who ever knew anybody who got one knows: the best source is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.055 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8554 November 7, 2017 
a family member because it has got the best chance for a match and the best chance for success. Yet the VA had a limitation that he had to be a veteran. Now, what are the chances of all your family being vet-erans when all of a sudden you have renal failure and have to have a kid-ney? They have got to be off the wall, and that is ridiculous. So, Mr. Speaker, I filed this bill to correct this mess. My colleague has given a great de-scription of what happened to the Nel-sons. But, more importantly, common sense—and I like the mention of that— tells us that you can’t eliminate the best pool of donors that a family has because of their lack of being a vet-eran. And we all know—we heard Mr. O’R
OURKE say previously—we are down to about 1 percent of our Nation actu-ally serves in the military anymore. So this is a commonsense fix for a commonsense problem. Mr. Speaker, I am really proud of my staff. They have worked really hard on this. They stayed at it and stayed at it. We got the attention of the VA, and I am happy for their cooperation. I want to thank the committee. They were overwhelmingly supportive on both sides of the aisle. I urged my colleagues to fix a commonsense problem and allow a son to give a kidney to his fa-ther at a facility that is most conven-ient to the family, which is all common sense, so that our veterans, who have given their all for us, have the right to have the best healthcare available to American citizens, and that is what this bill will provide. There was such a good explanation by my colleagues that I didn’t go into the details. But I just want to tell you that when you have a constituent come in with a commonsense problem, we have a duty and a responsibility to fix it because common sense is in short supply in Washington, D.C. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank Judge C
ARTER . Everybody make note of this. Common sense is going to prevail. We are in full support of H.R. 1133. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to vote accordingly, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, once again, I urge my colleagues to pass this very important bill. I en-courage the Senate to pass it as soon as possible so we can get it on the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1133, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
NATIONAL VETERANS MEMORIAL AND MUSEUM ACT Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1900) to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memo-rial and Museum, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1900 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Veterans Memorial and Museum Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL VETERANS MEMORIAL AND MUSEUM. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Subject to the condition described in subsection (b), the memorial and museum that is, as of the date of the en-actment of this Act, being constructed on an approximately 7-acre area on West Broad Street, Columbus, Ohio, bounded by the Scioto River and the Scioto Greenway, shall be designated as the ‘‘National Veterans Me-morial and Museum’’. (b) W
ITHDRAWAL OF DESIGNATION .—The des- ignation under subsection (a) may be with-drawn no earlier than five years after the date on which the museum opens the public, pursuant to an Act of Congress, if the progress and operation of the museum are found to be unsatisfactory based on the re-port submitted under subsection (c). (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of the des-ignation under subsection (a), the director of the memorial and museum described in that subsection shall submit to Congress a report on the memorial and museum by not later than the date specified in paragraph (2). Such report shall include each of the fol-lowing: (A) The projected budget for the memorial and museum for the five-year period begin-ning on the date the memorial and museum is expected to open to the public. (B) A description of the outreach con-ducted by the memorial and museum to vet-erans across the United States to receive input about the design and contents of the memorial and museum. (C) A description of the process by which decisions are made about the contents of the exhibits displayed at the memorial and mu-seum. (D) A description of the organizational structure of the memorial and museum. (E) A copy of the bylaws and rules of the memorial and museum. (F) A list of any organizations or entities that have accredited the memorial and mu-seum. (2) D
EADLINE FOR REPORT .—The date speci-fied in this paragraph is the earlier of the following dates: (A) The date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) The date that is 30 days before the date on which the memorial and museum is first open to the public. (d) EFFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The national memorial and museum designated by sub-section (a) is not a unit of the National Park System, and the designation of the national memorial and museum shall not be con-strued to require Federal funds to be ex-pended for any purpose related to the na-tional memorial and museum. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1900, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1900, as amended. H.R. 1900, as amended, would des-ignate the Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum in Columbus, Ohio, as the Na-tional Veterans Memorial and Museum. The national designation is appropriate because this will be the only memorial and museum in the Nation that will honor our veterans throughout our Na-tion’s history. Mr. Speaker, I thank our distin-guished ranking member, Mr. W
ALZ, of course, for working with the bill spon-sor; and our chairman, Chairman R
OE; and, of course, Mr. S
TIVERS , who is the bill’s sponsor; and me, to ensure that the Veterans Memorial and Museum will maintain the highest standards after it receives the national designa-tion. H.R. 1900, as amended, will require the museum to provide a report to Con-gress that would include information on its organizational and financial pro-jections. The bill specifically states that, after 5 years, if the memorial and museum is not operating satisfactorily, then Con-gress may withdraw the national des-ignation. We hope that doesn’t happen. Moreover, H.R. 1900, as amended, makes it clear that the museum and memorial is not affiliated with the Na-tional Park System, and that the bill does not authorize Federal funds for the museum. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1900, as amended, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the manager’s amendment to H.R. 1900, as amended, the National Veterans Memo-rial and Museum Act. I would also like to say that when I came to Congress, this is how I thought things were supposed to work: citizens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.057 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8555 November 7, 2017 
come together, they come up with a great idea, they decide that they are going to honor our Nation’s veterans, they talk to their Members of Con-gress, they bring it here, we all work together, we come up with a plan to put it in place, and we come to the floor to pass a piece of legislation. b1515 This is one of those times where that little cartoon, ‘‘I am just a bill sitting on Capitol Hill,’’ actually worked that way. For that, I am grateful for the work that has been done. I would especially like to thank Chairman R
OEfor his willingness, as we looked at this bill, to put some guardrails in place making sure that before we designate the memorial and museum to U.S. veterans of all eras, that it truly is the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. The materials provided to Members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee clearly demonstrate the intent to cre-ate an architecturally stunning, state- of-the-art institution in the heart of the country that honors veterans and educates the country about those sac-rifices. That is an incredibly noble cause. Just as important to the eventual success of this effort is the responsi-bility of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee to ensure that it be estab-lished and operated to the highest pos-sible standards forever, as are the mu-seums and cemeteries under its juris-diction run by the National Cemetery Administration and the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission. I feel the legislation we are voting on today does exactly that. Mr. Speaker, I want to acknowledge the efforts of the gentlewoman from Columbus, Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). I would also like to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) for working with us on this. The gentleman truly rep-resents the best of what it means to be a representative. His good-faith effort to continue to improve on a piece of legislation, taking in the concerns that people had to make it work, it is, to me, incredibly encouraging. I thank the gentleman for that. His work is going to ensure that this is going to be a spectacular museum and monument to our Nation’s veterans. Under the bill before us today, the museum will submit a report to Con-gress before it opens. The report will address the issues of budget, govern-ance, operations, vision, and veteran outreach. There is a provision we are adding as part of the manager’s amendment that allows Congress to remove that des-ignation after 5 years. We will not need to do that. This will be a wonderful fa-cility. We put this in place as part of our responsibility of oversight. With the addition of these provisions, I believe the committee has done its due diligence before recommending the House to confer this national designa-tion. In addition, it has put in place the necessary guardrails to ensure that this will be built in Columbus, Ohio, to the highest standards. I am proud to say this will be the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the ranking member. We had a little issue in committee, but we didn’t stall the bill. We worked that out and moved forward. So let’s get the Senate to pass it now after we pass it today. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for every-thing he is doing to lead this bill on the floor today. I would like to also thank the ranking member from Min-nesota for his good-faith effort and his work. We worked in a collaborative way to address his concerns. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague from Columbus, J
OYCE BEATTY ; and my other colleague from Columbus, P
ATTIBERI , for their work in a bipartisan fashion for mak-ing this bill better, helping this bill pass the House. I hope we can get it passed in the Senate here shortly as well. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today in support of the bill that will designate the National Veterans Me-morial and Museum being built in Co-lumbus, Ohio, as America’s National Veterans Memorial and Museum. The National Veterans Memorial and Museum will serve as a civic landmark to honor, connect, inspire, and educate all Americans about the service and sacrifice of our Nation’s 22 million vet-erans. It will be the only public mu-seum of its kind that exists for the ex-clusive role of sharing the experiences of veterans across all eras, conflicts, and branches of military service. You might ask: Why would we want to do this in Columbus, Ohio? Well, first and foremost, Ohio has the sixth largest veterans population in the United States, and it is easily ac-cessible to almost anyone in the United States. We are within a 10-hour’s drive of almost 60 percent of the veterans in the United States. I believe that it is going to be a great opportunity to have not everything in Washington, D.C., but have it out in the rest of the country. Ohio is a great place of military his-tory. Ohio was recently selected to be the future home of the United States Veterans Affairs National Archives in Dayton, and that will make sure that military records dating back to the Revolutionary War are kept there. Ohio is the birthplace of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and that is one of the earliest adopted veterans service orga-nizations. This museum will also be, and is, supported by veterans service organiza-tions around the country, and we want to thank them for that. A lot of veterans have worked hard to make that happen. For example, Colonel Tom Moe, a Vietnam veteran and a POW who flew 85 missions, is leading Veterans’ Outreach for the Na-tional Veterans Memorial and Museum, and he is part of the Veterans’ Advi-sory Committee working closely with the VSOs across the country to make sure this museum is truly a national reflection of veterans and their stories. Additionally, the Columbus Down-town Development Corporation is man-aging this project. They are a 501(c)(3) that will operate, fund, and manage the museum, led by a national board of di-rectors, including veterans, veterans service organizations, and the families of America’s veterans. This 501(c)(3)’s mission will remain focused on ensur-ing that the museum conveys the reverence owed to our veterans of yes-terday and today, as well as tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Chairman ROEfor his leadership in this legisla-tion and allowing this to go through regular order through the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. There were hearings. It was a collaborative process, and we worked to address some issues from the other side of the aisle. We worked in a good-faith effort. I think we came up with a good solu-tion that ensures that this museum will have the highest standards and will be representative of the national designation in a way that we can all be proud of. I am convinced that both the minor-ity and majority staff wanted to make this museum the greatest it can be, and I want to thank them for all their efforts. We were able to hear from VSOs tes-tifying in support of this museum that included The American Legion, the VFW, the Paralyzed Veterans of Amer-ica. I believe that through their testi-mony and our work, there was a lot of great information that was exchanged, and we are excited to move forward with the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. One last point is that this museum was funded with private donations. It requires no Federal funding to open the doors. I believe that is another com-petitive advantage. Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman R
OE, Ranking Member W ALZ, Chairman B
ILIRAKIS , the members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and, most importantly, my co-lead and col-league on this effort, J
OYCE BEATTY  and P
ATTIBERI from Columbus. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his words. I appreciate his work. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), a staunch and truly effective advocate for her constituents and for veterans across this Nation. This museum will reside in her district. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.060 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8556 November 7, 2017 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, first let me say I certainly want to join my col-league, Congressman S
TEVE STIVERS , in thanking Congressman B
ILIRAKIS and Congressman W
ALZ for all of their work in allowing us to make this pos-sible to be here today. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise to offer my enthusiastic support for the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum Act, H.R. 1900, designating it as a public museum for the exclusive pur-pose of sharing the experience and voices of veterans across all eras, con-flicts, and branches of the military. As you have heard, it will be housed in my district, so I am especially pleased that it is being built in a part-nership with private pay, a partnership with government, and a partnership that is blessed by the veterans of cen-tral Ohio and across the Nation. The museum concept was the brain-child of the Nation’s good friend: World War II veteran, legendary astronaut, and former U.S. Senator from Ohio, John Glenn, who was a dear friend and one of my constituents. John also chaired the Veterans Committee. Mr. Speaker, if Senator Glenn were here today, he would share with us how this museum will honor, connect, in-spire, and educate all Americans about the unified service and sacrifices of our Nation’s more than 40 million veterans. I salute this Congress and my com-munity for recognizing the need for veterans of all eras to have a museum to collectively call their own. Mr. Speaker, I could not stand here without again thanking my colleague and veteran, Congressman S
TEVE STIV-
ERS, for his relentless work, for his leadership, and his partnership throughout the development of this project. This project certainly shares with us what bipartisan work can do. Mr. Speaker, I also would like to thank Congressman T
IBERI for joining us. I greatly appreciate and want to personally thank the leadership of Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZ, and also the subcommittee lead-ership, because they expressed their concerns. We addressed the concerns in a very constructive way. That is what partnerships and leadership is all about. Because of their good work, it has strengthened the operations of the project and the viability of the project. H.R. 1900 has the support of The American Legion, the Paralyzed Vet-erans of America, and the VFW. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my col-leagues to support this legislation and to come to Columbus when it is open to see it in person and how it honors the stories and the sacrifices of our Na-tion’s veterans. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as an Army veteran and former Army Ranger, I am proud to join Representative S
TIVERS , Rep-resentative BEATTY , and really the Ohio delegation in today’s designation of the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. I am thankful to all my colleagues and the work of the committee to do this not just as something for Ohio, but some-thing for our Nation and for our Na-tion’s veterans. This museum is squarely focused on telling the personal stories of those who have served, including those who have lost their lives serving our coun-try. The National Veterans Memorial and Museum will be the only one of its kind that uses personal belongings, let-ters, and memories to bring the stories of our servicemembers and their fami-lies to life. In addition to world class interactive exhibits that will serve to educate the next generation about the value of military service, this project will also be connected to an online database fea-turing the collection. The National Veterans Memorial and Museum will also serve to honor our men and women in uniform by pro-viding space for celebrations, and vet-erans ceremonies and reunions. Ohio has a proud history of honoring our Nation’s veterans and supporting our current men and women in uni-form. Ohio is home to Wright-Patter-son Air Force Base, the National Mu-seum of the United States Air Force, and was recently selected as the United States Veterans Affairs National Ar-chives. It is fitting that Ohio should be the place for telling these stories. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the bipar-tisan support on this bill and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I thank everyone who spoke here. It is the way it is supposed to work. I am very excited about this. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage you to go and look. This is going to be spec-tacular. It is at nationalvmm.org, if you want to see where they are and the progress that is being made. We are going to be open here soon in the spring. I am going to take Mrs. B
EATTY  up on this as a veteran myself. I think of the countless families and veterans who will take their children and walk through the halls and tell the story. This is an important piece of our history. It is important to tell the story and it is important for us to pre-serve these stories. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this piece of legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, again, we need to teach our children the value of military service so they can appre-ciate it. These are our true American heroes. I am looking forward to vis-iting Mrs. B
EATTY in Columbus. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mrs. B
EATTY and, of course, General Stivers for doing such a wonderful job in get-ting this bill done, and I also thank the ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1900, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1530 VETERANS E-HEALTH AND TELE-MEDICINE SUPPORT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2123) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat vet-erans through the use of telemedicine, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2123 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans E- Health and Telemedicine Support Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘VETS Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. LICENSURE OF HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVIDING TREATMENT VIA TELEMEDICINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1730A the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 1730B. Licensure of health care profes-sionals providing treatment via telemedi-cine ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any provision of law regarding the licensure of health care professionals, a covered health care professional may practice the health care profession of the health care profes-sional at any location in any State, regard-less of where the covered health care profes-sional or the patient is located, if the cov-ered health care professional is using tele-medicine to provide treatment to an indi-vidual under this chapter. ‘‘(b) P
ROPERTY OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— Subsection (a) shall apply to a covered health care professional providing treatment to a patient regardless of whether the cov-ered health care professional or patient is lo-cated in a facility owned by the Federal Gov-ernment during such treatment. ‘‘(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to remove, limit, or otherwise affect any obligation of a covered health care professional under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). ‘‘(d) C
OVERED HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered health care professional’ means a health care professional who— ‘‘(1) is an employee of the Department ap-pointed under the authority under sections 7306, 7401, 7405, 7406, or 7408 of this title, or title 5; ‘‘(2) is authorized by the Secretary to pro-vide health care under this chapter; ‘‘(3) is required to adhere to all quality standards relating to the provision of tele-medicine in accordance with applicable poli-cies of the Department; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.062 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8557 November 7, 2017 
‘‘(4) has an active, current, full, and unre-stricted license, registration, or certification in a State to practice the health care profes-sion of the health care professional.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1730A the following new item: ‘‘1730B. Licensure of health care profes-sionals providing treatment via telemedicine.’’. (c) R
EPORT ON TELEMEDICINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the effectiveness of the use of tele-medicine by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A) The satisfaction of veterans with tele-medicine furnished by the Department. (B) The satisfaction of health care pro-viders in providing telemedicine furnished by the Department. (C) The effect of telemedicine furnished by the Department on the following: (i) The ability of veterans to access health care, whether from the Department or from non-Department health care providers. (ii) The frequency of use by veterans of telemedicine. (iii) The productivity of health care pro-viders. (iv) Wait times for an appointment for the receipt of health care from the Department. (v) The reduction, if any, in the use by vet-erans of in-person services at Department fa-cilities and non-Department facilities. (D) The types of appointments for the re-ceipt of telemedicine furnished by the De-partment that were provided during the one- year period preceding the submittal of the report. (E) The number of appointments for the re-ceipt of telemedicine furnished by the De-partment that were requested during such period, disaggregated by Veterans Integrated Service Network. (F) Savings by the Department, if any, in-cluding travel costs, of furnishing health care through the use of telemedicine during such period. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 2123. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2123, the Veterans E-Health and Telemedicine Support Act of 2017. I believe that telemedicine rep-resents the future of healthcare deliv-ery, and I am proud of the fact that the Department of Veterans Affairs is a longtime leader in telemedicine. Through VA’s many different tele-health modalities, VA doctors and nurses have been able to better serve veterans in remote, rural, or medically underserved areas and veterans with limited mobility or other issues that make it difficult to travel to and from the VA medical facilities for needed ap-pointments and follow-up care. Impor-tantly, veterans who have had experi-ence accessing care through telemedi-cine have demonstrated improved healthcare outcomes, including de-creases in hospital admissions. It is my hope that all veterans would have access to VA telemedicine when and where appropriate. However, the continued expansion of telemedicine across the VA healthcare system has been constrained by restrictions on the ability of VA providers to practice telemedicine across State lines with-out jeopardizing their State medical li-cense. H.R. 2123, the Veterans E-Health and Telemedicine Support Act of 2017, would remove those constraints by au-thorizing the VA providers to practice telemedicine at a location in any State, regardless of where the provider or patient is located. This would pro-vide VA clinicians the statutory pro-tection they need to continue pro-viding high-quality telehealthcare to veteran patients across the country without fear of penalties imposed by the State medical licensing boards. I am grateful to my friend and col-league, Representative GLENN THOMP -
SONfrom the great State of Pennsyl-vania, for his leadership on this issue and for bringing this important bill forward. I am also grateful to my fellow com-mittee member, Representative J
ULIA B
ROWNLEY of California, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health, for her work and advocacy on VA telemedicine. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2123, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 2123, the VETS Act of 2017. Since its very inception, the Vet-erans Health Administration has been a leader in medical advancements and the delivery of healthcare. This legisla-tion would ensure it continues this his-tory of leadership by allowing VA pro-viders to engage in the delivery of tele-medicine to veterans all over the coun-try, regardless of where the provider is located. These are paper barriers, these are legal barriers, not barriers of tech-nology, to allow us to deliver care. Telemedicine and medicine, in gen-eral, is changing so rapidly, we need to make sure that barriers are not put in place, especially for rural veterans, and many of us have them all over. Last week, I did a field hearing in International Falls, Minnesota, which, by the way, will be 1 degree tomorrow for all of you, just so you know. Those folks are veterans. They have served, but they are miles from a VA facility. The technology that we have, and we know it works, allows them to get that. If we have veterans sitting on State borders, if we have veterans sitting in remote areas, it sometimes makes it difficult. It will give VA the tools it needs to remain a leader in the use of telehealth technology. I am particularly thankful to Rep-resentatives THOMPSON and B ROWNLEY  for their leadership. They identified a problem, worked on it, and came up with a workable solution that we can put into statute, making sure, the bot-tom line, again, that every veteran, re-gardless of geographic location, gets the best, most advanced care possible. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), who is the sponsor of the bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support and their kind words. Mr. Speaker, I do rise today in sup-port of H.R. 2123, the Veterans E- Health and Telemedicine Support Act, also known as the VETS Act. Years ago, a constituent approached me to discuss the barriers to care that his fellow veterans were experiencing through the VA system. As an Active- Duty soldier, he told me stories of his friends coming home from deployment and falling through the cracks of the system. Some were suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder, TBIs, and depression and required the care of spe-cialists. Others had difficulty traveling from their rural communities to VA medical centers because of injuries sus-tained during combat. Too many of those wound up taking their own lives. It broke my heart to hear the stories of this soldier’s friends and comrades not receiving the care that they de-serve. What made it more difficult was the fact that this constituent soldier was my son. After numerous conversations trying to figure out how we can help our serv-icemembers when they return home, we determined that expanding access to telehealth would be a great start. Many of our veterans live in rural areas and are unable to travel far dis-tances. Allowing them to see their healthcare provider in the comfort of their home would increase their access to care. This is why Representative J
ULIA BROWNLEY and I introduced the VETS Act. The VETS Act will allow VA-em-ployed healthcare providers to practice telehealth across State lines, no mat-ter where the doctor or the patient is located. It also commissions a report to study the effectiveness of telemedi-cine programs utilized by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. While the VA has made major strides and is a leader in advancing telehealth access, outdated barriers limit its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.019 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8558 November 7, 2017 
growth. Currently, each State has its own licensing requirements for healthcare providers to practice medi-cine within its borders. For example, if a doctor practices in Pennsylvania and Ohio, they must hold a license from each State. VA-provider licensing requirements are different. As long as a doctor is li-censed and in good standing with a sin-gle State, they can practice in-person care within the VA system in any State. This reciprocity, however, is not afforded to the practice of telehealth. VA providers seeking to provide telehealthcare to patients must also be licensed in the State where the patient is located. These outdated regulations are hurting our Nation’s veterans. The Department of Veterans Affairs has successfully been using telemedi-cine for quite some time. Since 2002, more than 2 million veterans have re-ceived telehealthcare through the VA. In 2016 alone, more than 12 percent of veterans receiving VA care utilized telehealth in some aspect. Forty-five percent of these veterans live in rural areas. Veterans who have accessed tele-health are overwhelmingly pleased with the quality of care and access they received. Those receiving at-home care, for example, through telehealth cite an 88 percent satisfaction rate. While the VA has done a great job of expanding telehealth access to vet-erans across the country, more needs to be done. Our veterans deserve the best care available to them, and this starts with the passage of the VETS Act. I thank Representative B
ROWNLEY , Committee Chairman Dr. P
HIL ROE, Ranking Member T
IMWALZ, and Chair-man B
ILIRAKIS for bringing this bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill to give our Nation’s veterans access to quality, proven healthcare. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2123, the Vet-erans E-Health and Telemedicine Sup-port Act of 2017. Under current law, VA healthcare providers must possess a current, unre-stricted license issued by a State to practice medicine at a VA facility. However, VA providers are restricted from practicing telemedicine across State lines. This limits the VA’s con-tinued expansion of telemedicine and, as a result, reduces the accessibility of healthcare for so many veterans. As technology continues to evolve and Congress considers what the VA of the 21st century should look like, there is no doubt that methods like telemedi-cine, coupled with more regulatory flexibility, are long overdue. Geographical location in our country is no longer a challenge thanks to mod-ern technology. VA healthcare pro-viders should have the opportunity to practice telemedicine across State lines to provide medical advice to our veterans that is more timely and re-sponsive to the patient’s needs. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the passage of H.R. 2123. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from the great State of Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ). Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2123, the Vet-erans E-Health and Telemedicine Sup-port Act. For veterans in my district, the chal-lenge of receiving timely, quality care from the VA is, at times, impossible. In fact, winter has already arrived in northern and upper Michigan. Travel is complex and sometimes hazardous. With some of the most rural geog-raphy in the country, veterans in Michigan’s First District are forced to travel long distances, often hours, into Wisconsin or hundreds of miles down into mid- and southeast Michigan just to keep simple doctors’ appointments. Innovative healthcare solutions like telemedicine are long overdue. Vet-erans in my district will help validate the requirements for and the quality of such innovations. H.R. 2123 will allow VA-licensed healthcare providers to practice tele-medicine at any location, in any State, regardless of where the provider or pa-tient is located. This bill will make it easier for veterans in my district and all across the country to access healthcare services in a convenient set-ting that fits their schedule, ulti-mately, putting the veteran first. I have long said that if a program or pol-icy can work in Michigan’s First Dis-trict, it can work anywhere. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 2123. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, again, it makes sense. Removing some of these paper barriers, as the gentleman from Michigan said, geography, weather, other things, it makes sense to use the technology to improve the care. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2123, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this puts the veterans first, as the gen-tleman said; and, again, the veteran has a choice as to whether to use tele-medicine or go to see the doctor, be-cause it doesn’t work for everyone. But, in any case, this is a great bill. It puts the veteran first. I urge my col-leagues to pass this particular bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2123, the Veterans E- Health and Telemedicine Support Act, or VETS Act. As we approach Veterans Day, a time when we honor the service and sacrifice of those who fought bravely on behalf of our nation, we must rededicate ourselves to ensuring that the VA has the tools it needs to be the 21st cen-tury, world-class healthcare system that our veterans deserve. One way the VA can mod-ernize is by embracing telehealth and using new technologies to provide more timely and convenient care for our veterans. The VA has seen tremendous growth and interest in telehealth over the past few years, and we should continue to find innovative ways to connect veterans with the providers that they need, no matter their physical loca-tion. This will particularly help rural veterans, and will help us expand access to specialty care from the medical centers to the commu-nity clinics, and even into veterans’ homes. I have seen this firsthand at the Oxnard com-munity clinic in my district, which is able to connect veterans to retinal specialists and audiology specialists using telehealth tech-nology, making it easier for veterans to get better care closer to home. The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee has also heard from many veterans who have used telemedicine services. For instance, at a field hearing in my district, Zachary Walker, a Navy veteran, testified about the fast and effi-cient service that telemedicine can deliver to our veterans, getting him in the door to his local clinic faster than a traditional appoint-ment. Our bill is a commonsense solution that will allow us to further expand on these telehealth services by permitting VA providers to conduct telehealth treatment across state lines no mat-ter their location, connecting more health pro-fessionals with the veterans who need their care. It has been my pleasure to work with Con-gressman G
LENN ‘GT’ T HOMPSON , and Sen-ators J
ONIERNST and M AZIE HIRONO , to ad- vance this bipartisan, bicameral bill, which has received widespread support from the Vet-erans Service Organizations and the VA. I urge my colleagues to support this common-sense legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2123. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS INCREASED CHOICE FOR TRANSPLANTED ORGANS AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2601) to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve the access of veterans to organ transplants, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\H07NO7.REC H07NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8559 November 7, 2017 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2601 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans In-creased Choice for Transplanted Organs and Recovery Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘VICTOR Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGAN TRANSPLANTS UNDER THE VET-ERANS CHOICE PROGRAM. 
Section 101(b)(2) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II)(dd), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E)(i) requires an organ or bone marrow transplant; and ‘‘(ii)(I) has, in the opinion of the primary health care provider of the veteran, a medically compelling reason to travel outside the region of the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network, established under section 372 of the National Organ Transplantation Act (Public Law 98–507; 42 U.S.C. 274), in which the veteran resides to receive such transplant at a medical facility of the Department; or ‘‘(II) faces an unusual or excessive burden in receiving such transplant at a medical facility of the Department, including— ‘‘(aa) geographical challenges; ‘‘(bb) environmental factors, including roads that are not accessible to the general public, traffic, or hazardous weather; ‘‘(cc) a medical condition of the veteran that affects the ability to travel; or ‘‘(dd) other factors the Secretary determines appropriate, including the preference of the vet-eran to receive such transplant at a non-De-partment facility.’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2018; and (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that at all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 2601, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2601, as amended, the Veterans Increased Choice for Transplanted Or-gans and Recovery, or VICTOR, Act of 2017, which is sponsored by my good friend and fellow committee member, Dr. N
EALDUNNfrom the great State of Florida. The VA healthcare system has of-fered solid organ transplant services since 1962 and bone marrow transplant services since 1982 through the VA Transplant Program, which manages 13 transplant centers across the country. However, since Congress created the Choice Program in 2014 to address ac-cess to care concerns at VA medical fa-cilities, the committee has heard an in-creasing number of complaints about the VA Transplant Program from vet-erans who are concerned about the lengthy travel required for many vet-erans to reach a VA transplant center and bureaucratic barriers to receiving transplant care closer to home. b1545 According to the Journal of the American Medical Association, a great-er distance from a VA transplant cen-ter was associated with a lower likeli-hood of receiving a transplant and a greater likelihood of death among vet-eran transplant patients. That can’t happen. This is unaccept-able, in my opinion. H.R. 2601, as amended, represents a commonsense solution. That is what we are all about today: commonsense solutions for our true heroes. It would require the VA to consider whether there is a medically compelling reason to require a veteran to travel outside the organ procure-ment and transplantation network re-gion that the veteran resides in to re-ceive a transplant from a VA trans-plant center, or whether the veteran faces an unusual or excessive burden in receiving a transplant from a VA transplant center before referring a veteran to a VA transplant center, rather than to a community transplant center. This would greatly increase access to transplant care in the community for veteran transplant patients living far from VA transplant centers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2601, the VICTOR Act. This legislation will again eliminate barriers to high- quality organ transplant centers for certain veterans seeking their services by allowing veterans access to a trans-plant center, regardless of its location, when a provider determines there is a medically compelling reason to do so, or when the veteran would face un-usual or excessive burden in receiving the transplant at a VA facility. That is smart. That is common sense. It makes the case that the transplant facilities at the VA are good, but, as Dr. DUNN pointed out, a diverse soci-ety, a diverse geographic spread of vet-erans, certain cases come up that make it medically wrong to try and trans-port someone to a further facility. And for all of those reasons, this is, again, one of those things that is just smart, all in the interest of the best care for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. D
UNN), the sponsor of the bill and my good friend. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, let me start by saying thank you to Vice Chairman BILIRAKIS ; and to our chairman, Dr. R
OE; and also to the ranking member, Sergeant Major W
ALZfrom Minnesota. It has been great to work with them. They have been very helpful with this bill. I am honored to speak in support of my legislation, H.R. 2601, the Veterans Increased Choice for Transplanted Or-gans and Recovery, or VICTOR, Act. America owes our veterans every ad-vantage when it comes to receiving an organ or bone marrow transplant, yet the current VA transplant policy often runs counter to the medical interest of the patient. There are only 14 facilities in the Nation where a veteran may re-ceive a transplant in the VA healthcare system, and none of these facilities perform all types of transplants. Timely organ transplants often rep-resent the difference between life and death. Unfortunately, due to govern-ment bureaucracy, our veterans are often forced to travel hundreds or thousands of miles repeatedly in order to get the chance to receive a new liver, heart, or kidney. That travel alone can prove fatal. Traveling to get a transplant isn’t the only obstacle these patients face. Oftentimes, it is the program itself. The limited size and scope of the VA transplant program means veterans have a lower chance of getting a trans-plant and a greater chance of dying while on the waiting list. The VICTOR Act allows veterans who need an organ or bone marrow trans-plant through the VA system the abil-ity to access a federally certified trans-plant center close to their home if the veteran and their doctor agree that that is medically safer. It will make it easier for veterans to access lifesaving medical care by allowing them a num-ber of ways to qualify for care closer to home. As a surgeon and as a veteran, I be-lieve this is good medicine and good public policy. The status quo puts roadblocks in front of veterans who need lifesaving transplant care, and the VICTOR Act eliminates these road-blocks and increases access to care our veterans have earned. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. B
OST). Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding as well. The VA cur-rently requires veterans in need of organ transplants to travel to VA transplant centers to receive their transplant. Waiting times at these cen-ters average 32 percent longer than those non-VA transplant centers. In addition, we have reports that show that the further the veteran is from a VA transplant center, the less likely the veteran is to receive the organ transplant. This can ultimately prove fatal. We owe it to our Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.068 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8560 November 7, 2017 
heroes to provide them the best pos-sible care, regardless of where they live. Mr. Speaker, I support the legislation offered by my friend and colleague from Florida, Dr. D
UNN, to solve this problem. I am just amazed that we have waited this long to realize we had one. The VICTOR Act allows veterans who live more than 100 miles from one of the VA’s 13 transplant centers to seek care at a federally certified, non-VA fa-cility. I am proud to cosponsor the VICTOR Act because our veterans shouldn’t be punished just because of where they live. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, again, it makes great sense. We are in full sup-port of the bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 2601. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I en-courage all the Members to support this great piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2601, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2201, MICRO OFFERING SAFE HARBOR ACT Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–401) on the resolution (H. Res. 609) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2201) to amend the Secu-rities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registration requirements of such Act, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
SECURING ELECTRONIC RECORDS FOR VETERANS’ EASE ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3634) to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that individuals may access documentation verifying the monthly housing stipend paid to the individual under the Post-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance Program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3634 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Electronic Records for Veterans’ Ease Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘SERVE Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. PROVISION OF MONTHLY HOUSING STI-PEND INFORMATION UNDER POST- 9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(j) P
ROVISION OF HOUSING STIPEND PAY-
MENT INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall fur-nish to individuals receiving educational as-sistance under this chapter documentation that verifies the amount of the monthly housing stipend the individual receives under this section. The Secretary shall make such documentation available to the indi-vidual using an internet website in the same manner the Secretary provides documenta-tion verifying compensation and other bene-fits furnished by the Secretary to individ-uals.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks, and include extra-neous material on H.R. 3634. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3634, the Securing Electronic Records for Veterans’ Ease Act of 2017, or SERVE Act. Under the post-9/11 GI Bill, eligible servicemembers, veterans, and their dependents are provided a monthly al-lowance that is based on the cost of liv-ing where they are taking the majority of their classes at the E–5 with depend-ents rate. For many students, this living sti-pend payment can be their only source of income, and proving that they will receive this payment while in school is important for them to show income for the purposes of renting an apartment or home while they are in school. It makes sense. The SERVE Act would help address this problem and would require the Secretary to electronically provide documentation that verifies the amount of the monthly housing stipend an individual receives under the GI Bill. This would allow beneficiaries to use this documentation as proof of in-come when applying for housing. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that will help student veterans secure housing and would eliminate roadblocks to a student vet-eran’s academic success. I thank Mr. J
IMHIMES of Connecticut for intro-ducing this particular bill. It has my support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3634, requiring the VA to pro-vide electronic documentation of the GI Bill beneficiary housing stipend. Once again, I want to thank Mr. HIMES, whom we are going to hear from in just a moment, for responding to constitu-ents, responding to a need, and crafting a piece of legislation that makes sure— as currently the VA does not provide sufficient information about the exact amount of housing stipend that a bene-ficiary receives under GI Bill benefits. Many veterans rely on their housing stipend to pay for their housing while they are attending school; and, there-fore, it can be necessary for them to show proof of their housing allowance as proof of income. Without this proof of income, veterans are often finding themselves unable to secure housing before the start of a school term. This is—once again, it is being used a lot today, but this is a case that I would concur—a commonsense piece of legislation that asks for documenta-tion that the VA can electronically provide to allow all of our veterans to more easily use their earned benefits. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. H
IMES), the author of this piece of legislation and a staunch sup-porter of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Securing Electronic Records for Veterans’ Ease Act, the SERVE Act, because we all know and feel that vet-erans and their families face very real challenges when they transition to ci-vilian life. We all know that we have an important responsibility to do what we can to help. Finding housing or a roof over their heads should not be an ordeal, especially if it is caused by dif-ficulties in showing the stipend that student veterans get from Uncle Sam. In conversations with student vet-erans throughout my district, proof of income for housing kept coming up as a big challenge. In fact, Nick Quinzi, a marine and founder of the Veteran’s Student Association at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Connecticut, told my office that if he had a wish list of things to make his veteran experi-ence better, the number one item would be fixing the lack of verification for the monthly housing stipend and, therefore, giving him better access to housing. The fact that Nick and many vet-erans like him have no proof of income that a property manager or landlord could consider when weighing credit-worthiness and income qualifications is the definition of an unnecessary bur-den. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legisla-tion would help veterans obtain proof of income for the housing allowance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.070 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8561 November 7, 2017 
they receive while utilizing the post-9/ 11 GI Bill. This is, as we have all said, a commonsense fix to this problem. It requires the VA to make documenta-tion for the post-9/11 GI Bill monthly housing stipend accessible and avail-able online. That is it. Student veterans will use this docu-mentation to provide needed verifica-tion to housing agents, apartment managers, and potential landlords. This bill would provide a permanent so-lution to the inadequacy of the state-ment of benefits that is currently available—an official form, accessible online, that verifies the housing ben-efit is necessary and builds upon exist-ing website functionality. The VA’s eBenefits site already provides access to certification letters for VA com-pensation and pension benefits. Mr. Speaker, this fix could have a big effect. There are close to 1.1 million student veterans using the post-9/11 GI Bill who would be eligible to benefit from this. Mr. Speaker, our veterans have earned this benefit. We, as elected offi-cials, feel a responsibility to make sure that they do not face bureaucratic hur-dles that prevent them from taking ad-vantage of all of the benefits that they have earned. I would like to close by thanking Dr. R
OEand Ranking Member W ALZ for their role in bringing this bill to the floor and for their work on behalf of all of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Connecticut once again. This is a good piece of legisla-tion. It will speed the benefits that were earned by our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3634, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsor of the bill, Mr. H
IMES, first of all, for holding the roundtables and the town halls—they mean so much—and identifying the problem. We are solving it here today, so I appreciate all of the support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1600 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. V
ALADAO ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3634. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS FAIR DEBT NOTICE ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3705) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to require the use of certified mail and plain language in certain debt collection activities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3705 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS NO-TICE RELATING TO DEBT COLLEC-TION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EBTNOTIFICATION LETTERS .—The Sec- retary of Veterans Affairs shall collaborate with veterans service organizations to write a stand-ard letter to be provided to individuals who the Secretary determines owe debts to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. Such letter shall be written in plain language and shall include a notice of the debt and a clear explanation of— (1) why the individual owes money to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; and (2) the options available to the individual. (b) D
ELIVERY OF LETTERS .—The Secretary shall develop a method by which individuals may elect to receive debt notification letters by electronic means and shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that the letter developed under sub-section (a) is delivered to intended recipients who have made such an election by both stand-ard mail and by electronic means and to in-tended recipients who have not made such an election only by standard mail. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) N
OTICE OF COMPLETION .—Upon completion of the letter required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress notice of the completion of the letter. (2) P
ROGRESS REPORTS .—If the Secretary has not submitted the notice required by paragraph (1) by the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (A) submit to Congress a report describing the progress of the Secretary toward implementing subsection (a) and an explanation for why the letter has not been completed; and (B) every 30 days thereafter until the sub-mittal of the notice required by paragraph (1), submit to Congress an update to the report under subparagraph (A) that includes an addi-tional explanation for the failure to complete the letter. (d) S
TUDY ; REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a study on the process by which the Department of Veterans Affairs notifies vet-erans of debt collection efforts. Such study shall include— (A) an analysis of the scope of the problem of veterans not receiving debt collection notices; (B) a description of any non-legislative ac-tions the Secretary could take to reduce the number of incorrect or unknown addresses of veterans in the databases of the Department and a timeline for adopting such actions; and (C) an estimate of the costs associated with sending debt collection notices by certified mail. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3705, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3705, as amended, the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017, intro-duced by Congresswoman PINGREE from Maine. This bill would help ensure that beneficiaries who have received an overpayment from VA clearly under-stand why the Department believes the veteran owes the money. Under VA’s current practice, when the Department determines that a ben-eficiary may have received an overpay-ment, it sends a letter to the bene-ficiary that explains why the debt was created and how the veteran can dis-pute or mitigate the debt. But if VA doesn’t have the veteran’s current ad-dress, the veteran may miss important deadlines. For example, if the bene-ficiary intends to request a full waiver of the debt but does not request that waiver within 30 days of the date of the letter, VA may take action to withhold benefits until the waiver request is ad-judicated. Sound confusing? It certainly is. We can’t have that for our veterans. Another issue is that some veterans find the language used in the letters to be unclear and confusing. I am sure that is true, too. It is only fair that the veteran understands why the Depart-ment believes he or she owes the money. It is the least we can do. H.R. 3705, as amended, would require VA to develop a new notification letter that explains in plain language how the alleged debt was created and what ac-tions the veteran can take to dispute or mitigate the debt. In addition, the bill would direct VA to study and report to Congress on its current debt collection process, includ-ing how many veterans are not receiv-ing debt collection notices because of incorrect addresses. The report would also describe the steps VA will take to reduce the number of incorrect ad-dresses in the Department’s databases. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I feel like we are on a roll, Mr. Speaker. We should stay here all day. Bipartisan, commonsense legislation improving the lives of veterans, it kind of feels like what we came here for. I rise in strong support of another one of those, H.R. 3705, as amended, the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act intro-duced by the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). Again, you heard it from the vice chairman, if a veteran incurs an over-payment in benefits, VA sends out a se-ries of letters notifying him or her of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.073 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8562 November 7, 2017 
this debt and the steps that can be taken to address the issue. The letter is time stamped when mailed and, if what VA is asking for is not received within a specific timeline, the veteran loses the ability to take certain ac-tions toward addressing or disputing the debt. Many veterans come to every one of our offices reporting never receiving these letters. I know all of us have heard that story. These are people who I know and trust. It got sent to the wrong address, something happened, and they never got it. Further, the letter VA is sending is full of complicated legal terms and ci-tations of public laws. We know these letters alarm and confuse veterans un-necessarily. I have personally had them come in, show them to me, and as the ranking member of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee—and it is a VA let-ter—I don’t understand what they are asking for in this from a veteran who receives it out of nowhere. The bill before us today represents a real bipartisan effort to ensure that veterans get timely notices of overpay-ments or debt, and that these notices are respectful, informative, helpful, and collaborative. It does it in three ways. First, H.R. 3705, as amended, directs the Secretary to develop a way veterans may elect to receive debt notification letters by email in addition to receiving standard mail notices. Imagine that in 2017. Second, it directs VA to conduct a study of the problem of veterans not receiving debt letters and to provide a description of the nonlegislative ac-tions the Secretary could take to re-duce the number of incorrect addresses, particularly by using the other VHA databases. At this point in time, I would also note we are taking steps in our com-mittee to make sure now, when you leave the service, that we are able to capture emails, we are able to capture alternate addresses to make sure be-cause a lot of times veterans are in transition, they are moving, those types of things are happening. Third and most importantly, the bill requires that, in the future, debt no-tices provide a clear explanation in un-derstandable language for why the debt is owed and what due process options a veteran has available to her or him. The CBO has estimated the cost of this measure to be insignificant. The approaches in the bill are the first steps to remedying a longstanding problem and will make a positive change for the thousands of veterans who receive overpayment notices. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Af-fairs Subcommittee Chairman M
IKE B
OSTand Ranking Member E LIZABETH  E
STYfor working together on this leg-islation, in addition to Dr. R
OE. We are also going to hear from the author of this piece of legislation. Certainly I en-courage support of H.R. 3705. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-GREE ), who is the author of this good, smart, overdue piece of legislation. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me the time and for all those wonderful compliments. I don’t know that I have ever had that said about a bill that I have submitted, so I am very happy to be here today and to be able to support the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act. Mr. Speaker, as you heard, this bill offers a commonsense fix to frustra-tions that veterans in my district and across the country have experienced with VA’s debt management system. Veterans in Maine have called my of-fice shocked to find out that they owe VA money. Some are confused by the letters they receive. Others are told by VA that they have missed important deadlines to dispute, to seek forgive-ness, or to create a payment plan for the alleged debt. Regardless of whether the debt is real or a mistake by VA, we shouldn’t make it so hard for veterans to know their rights and obligations. We have seen single mom veterans who can’t get a home loan and newly transitioned servicemembers who struggle to reintegrate with garnished pay, recouped tax returns, and reduced disability payments, all because of as-signed debts they knew nothing about after notifications got sent to the wrong place or ‘‘lost in the mail.’’ In response, H.R. 3705 directs VA to work with veterans service organiza-tions to develop standard notification letters that are written in plain lan-guage. It also directs VA to explore how to inform veterans of debts more quickly by sending notifications elec-tronically, like an email, in addition to standard mail. It requires VA to study why so many veterans have not received notifica-tions in the mail, as well as steps VA can take to improve its address data-base and the costs using certified mail. I thank Chairmen R
OEand B OSTand Ranking Members W
ALZand E STYfor bringing this legislation to the House floor, and I urge its passage. Mr. WALZ. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Maine for her remarks. This is a good piece of legislation. As I have said, everybody who serves in this House has received veterans in their office either carrying this letter or talking about a letter they never received. This makes it much better. It gives the benefit of the doubt back to the veteran and makes it easier for them to get this solved in the right manner. Mr. Speaker, please join me in sup-port of H.R. 3705, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this good bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3705, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
VETERANS APPRENTICESHIP AND LABOR OPPORTUNITY REFORM ACT Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3949) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designa-tion of State approving agencies for multi-State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assist-ance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3949 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Ap-prenticeship and Labor Opportunity Reform Act’’ or the ‘‘VALOR Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF STATE APPROVING AGENCIES FOR MULTI-STATE AP-PRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) of section 3672 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) The State approving agency for a multi-State apprenticeship program is— ‘‘(i) for purposes of approval of the program, the State approving agency for the State in which the headquarters of the apprenticeship program is located; and ‘‘(ii) for all other purposes, the State approv-ing agency for the State in which the appren-ticeship program takes place. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘multi-State apprenticeship program’ means a non-Federal apprenticeship program operating in more than one State that meets the minimum national pro-gram standards, as developed by the Depart-ment of Labor.’’. 
SEC. 3. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN CERTIFI-CATION REQUIREMENT FOR ASSIST-ANCE FOR APPRENTICESHIP AND OTHER ON-JOB TRAINING. 
Section 3680(c) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘shall have received—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘person’s certifi-cate,’’ and inserting ‘‘receives from the training establishment a certification’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3949, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.075 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8563 November 7, 2017 
There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3949, as amended, the Veterans Apprenticeship and Labor Opportunity Reform Act, or the VALOR Act. This bill, introduced by Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. O’R OURKE , would help streamline the approval of national apprenticeship programs for the use of GI Bill funds, which is very important. Once a national apprenticeship is GI Bill approved, veterans are eligible for tiered payments that help them com-plete the program that leads to a suc-cessful career. This bill also helps eliminate an out- of-date requirement that created un-necessary paperwork for a veteran to complete before they could get paid for work completed during the apprentice-ship. Mr. Speaker, this is another com-monsense, bipartisan bill that will help employers become approved under the GI Bill and ensure the student veterans secure placement in apprenticeship programs that lead to employment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3949 allows multi- State apprenticeship programs to go through GI Bill approval in just the State that they are headquartered in, streamlining the approval process so that programs have a lower adminis-trative hurdle to jump over before being able to provide training to vet-erans. Currently, non-Federal apprentice-ship programs that have locations in multiple States must go through the approval process with the State ap-proving agency in each of the States where it operates before it can be ap-proved for GI Bill benefits in that State. In order to encourage more high- quality apprenticeship programs to ob-tain approval for GI Bill benefits so that they can serve more veterans, this bill would allow multi-State programs to simply seek approval from the State approving agency in the State where they are headquartered. Once they have obtained the State’s approval, the program will automati-cally be approved in all of the other States in which it operates. We are encouraging apprenticeships. They are a great way for our veterans to use their earned benefits to get into well-paying, long-term careers. We should encourage more companies and industries to do that. This piece of leg-islation is smart and does that. In just a moment we will hear from one of the authors of it explaining how it will do that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON .) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 3949, yet another piece of bipartisan, common-sense legislation that will serve our veterans. In the transition from deployment to employment, apprenticeship programs have proven to be extremely successful. Roughly 20,000 veterans are actively training or participating in these pro-grams, and their employment out-comes are nothing short of impressive. According to VA’s data, over 90 percent of veteran apprentices are employed after completing their programs with an average starting wage of over $60,000. Over their lifetime, apprentices see an increase in compensation of over $300,000 as compared to their peers. These programs aren’t just a win for our veterans, they are a win for tax-payers. Every dollar invested in ap-prenticeship programs sees a return in benefits of $35. While it is clear to see the advan-tages of apprenticeship programs, like in many parts of VA, this program is hampered by needless burden and bu-reaucracy. Currently, private employ-ers who offer these programs in more than one State have to register with each State individually. Burdened by the difficulty and trail of paperwork that this creates, many employers only choose to participate in a limited way or they just don’t offer them alto-gether. H.R. 3949, the Veterans Apprentice-ship and Labor Opportunity Reform Act, or the VALOR Act, authored by my good friend and colleague, Con-gressman ROKHANNA , streamlines the registration process for employers, which, in turn, encourages them to participate and leads to more opportu-nities for our veterans. Given the tremendous sacrifice our veterans have made for our country, we should do everything we can to ensure that they have access to good jobs, and the VALOR Act does just that. I would like to thank Mr. K
HANNA  again for his hard work and his leader-ship on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support it. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
HANNA ), who is not just a national voice, but a global voice on manufacturing entrepreneurism, and apprenticeships; and who is one of the authors of this piece of legislation. b1615 Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan bill, H.R. 3949. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member. I was in his office early on, and he really gave a freshman Member of Congress the guidance on how to get this through. I want to thank Chairman A
RRINGTON for co-authoring this legislation and for his leadership. I also thank Congressman B
ILIRAKIS for his kind words about the legislation. The legislation is very, very simple. Right now, if you want to offer a vet-eran an apprenticeship, you have to register in 50 different States. As a re-sult, small businesses or medium-sized businesses say, ‘‘Well, we can’t do that; we can’t fill out paperwork in 50 dif-ferent States,’’ so they don’t offer these apprenticeships. Our bill says, very simply, the only place that you should have to register in is the State that you are headquartered. This is the type of commonsense leg-islation that isn’t partisan. It is going to give more opportunities to the peo-ple who have earned them by serving our country: veterans. I wish to recognize a few other people who have made this possible. Of course, Chairman ROE, whose leadership was critical, in addition to Chairman A
RRINGTON ; Ranking Member O’R
OURKE ; and the staff: Cathy Yu, Kelsey Baron, and Jon Clark. I also want to particularly recognize, on the Senate side, Aaron Murphy and Tony McClain in Senator T
ESTER ’s of-fice, and a companion Senate bill with Senator T
OMCOTTON and Senator T HOM T
ILLIS , as well as their staff, Jake Bai-ley and Bill Bode. Finally, I realize that there is only one person more than Members of Con-gress or staff who often gets things to move in this committee, and that is Dr. Joe Westcott, the legislative direc-tor of the National Association of State Approving Agencies. Joe and I have become friends. He has been such a voice for innovation and for this bill. He really is the reason that this bill has moved in the House and, I hope, in the Senate. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California and his co-authors. Again, this is smart. He is leaning into this, bringing innovation. He came to the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and looked at ways that we can streamline this process. It is a good piece of legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative K
HANNA and all the sponsors, including Chairman A
RRINGTON , as well, for recognizing the problem and solving it. This is the way Congress should work. Mr. Speaker, I encourage support for this particular bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3949, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS CRISIS LINE STUDY ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.078 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8564 November 7, 2017 
(H.R. 4173) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4173 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Crisis Line Study Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. STUDY ON EFFICACY OF VETERANS CRI-SIS LINE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall conduct a study on the outcomes and the efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line during the five-year period beginning Janu-ary 1, 2014, based on an analysis of national suicide data and data collected from the Vet-erans Crisis Line. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) The efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line in leading veterans to sustained mental health regimens, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who, after con-tacting the Veterans Crisis Line and being referred to a suicide prevention specialist, begin and continue mental health care fur-nished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and (B) the number of veterans who, after con-tacting the Veterans Crisis Line and being referred to a suicide prevention specialist, either— (i) begin mental health care furnished by the Secretary but do not continue such care; or (ii) do not begin such care. (2) The visibility of the Veterans Crisis Line, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line and have not pre-viously received hospital care or medical services furnished by the Secretary; and (B) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line and have previously received hospital care or medical services furnished by the Secretary. (3) The role of the Veterans Crisis Line as part of the mental health care services of the Department, by determining, of the veterans who are enrolled in the health care system established under section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, who contact the Vet-erans Crisis Line, the number who are under the care of a mental health care provider of the Department at the time of such contact. (4) Whether receiving sustained mental health care affects suicidality and whether veterans previously receiving mental health care furnished by the Secretary use the Vet-erans Crisis Line in times of crisis, with re-spect to the veterans described in paragraph (3), by determining the time frame between receiving such care and the time of such con-tact. (5) The effectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line in assisting veterans at risk for suicide when the Veterans Crisis Line is contacted by a non-veteran, by determining, of the number of non-veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line looking for support in assisting a veteran, how many of such indi-viduals receive support in having a veteran begin to receive mental health care fur-nished by the Secretary. (6) The overall efficacy of the Veterans Cri-sis Line in preventing suicides and whether the number of contacts affects the efficacy, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line who ultimately commit or attempt suicide; and (B) of such veterans, how many times did a veteran contact the Veterans Crisis Line prior to committing or attempting suicide. (7) The long-term efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line in preventing repeated suicide at-tempts and whether the efficacy is tem-porary, by determining, of the number of veterans who contacted the Veterans Crisis Line and did not commit or attempt suicide during the following six-month period, the number who contacted the Veterans Crisis Line in crisis at a later time and thereafter did commit or attempt suicide. (8) Whether referral to mental health care affects the risk of suicide, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line who are not referred to, or do not continue receiving, mental health care who commit suicide; and (B) the number of veterans described in paragraph (1)(A) who commit or attempt sui-cide. (9) The efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line to promote continued mental health care in those veterans who are at high risk for sui-cide whose suicide was prevented, by deter-mining, of the number of veterans who con-tacted the Veterans Crisis Line and did not commit or attempt suicide soon thereafter, the number that begin and continue to re-ceive mental health care furnished by the Secretary. (10) Such other matters as the Secretary determines appropriate. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING  D
ATA COLLECTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to modify or affect the manner in which data is collected, or the kind or content of data collected, by the Sec-retary under the Veterans Crisis Line. (d) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than May 31, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate the study under subsection (a). (e) V
ETERANS CRISIS LINEDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Veterans Crisis Line’’ means the toll-free hotline for veterans es-tablished under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4173, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4173, as amended, the Veterans Crisis Line Study Act of 2017, offered by my friend and committee member, Representative J
IMBANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, the Veterans Crisis Line, or VCL, was established in 2007 as a partnership between the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration, and the National Suicide Prevention Hotline. According to the Government Ac-countability Office, as of May 2016, the Veterans Crisis Line has answered over 2.3 million calls, over 55,000 texts, and dispatched emergency services over 61,000 times. As these statistics show, the Veterans Crisis Line is an incred-ibly valuable resource for veterans. However, while the VA tracks and eval-uates statistics such as these for qual-ity and access metrics, it does not cur-rently process them through any mean-ingful form of data analytics as it re-lates to the effectiveness of the pro-gram. So, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4173, as amend-ed, the Veterans Crisis Line Study Act of 2017, would direct the Secretary to evaluate the efficacy of the VCL with respect to continuity of VA mental health services using the same anony-mous data points as are currently col-lected by the VCL. Research and data analysis of these anonymous data points would utilize the growing na-tional availability of statistics regard-ing suicides to better evaluate the im-pact of the VCL and potentially high-light opportunities for outcome im-provements. Mr. Speaker, I believe that evalu-ating the VCL effectively requires a focus on the full continuum of mental health services provided by VA once a veteran first contacts the VCL or es-tablishes a need for mental health serv-ices. Again, it is important to note that, under this legislation, the privacy of the caller is to be honored, and the VCL is directed to continue collecting data points in exactly the same man-ner as they currently are. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this great bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 4173. I would like to thank the gentleman, Mr. BANKS of Indiana, for his work on this. This is a piece of leg-islation very near and dear to my heart. One of the first pieces of legislation I worked on when I got to this House in 2007 was the Joshua Omvig Veterans Suicide Prevention Act, which was dealing with the loss of a young war-rior from Iowa. One of the pieces of leg-islation that came out of that was the Veterans Crisis Line, with the idea that we needed that. That was a good piece of legislation, but as time has gone by, Mr. B
ANKS has pointed out ways to improve that. I am in full support. I am grateful for the thought that he has put into this. I am grateful for the gentleman from Flor-ida’s recognition that we may never know with absolute certainty how many lives we save, but I think each of us know that this has been an invalu-able service. It is one we should con-tinue and try to make better. Mr. Speaker, I am in full support, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.080 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8565 November 7, 2017 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. B
ANKS ), who is the main spon-sor of this particular bill, a great bill that has saved lives. I also appreciate Representative W
ALZfor sponsoring the bill. I remem-ber when he did it. We came in to-gether. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from Florida for his continued efforts to sup-port our veterans. As a proud member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, it is great to work on such a bi-partisan committee with Ranking Member W
ALZand other members who care deeply about our American vet-erans. Mr. Speaker, sadly, every single day 20 veterans take their own lives. In 1 year, the total is nearly as many peo-ple who live in my hometown of Colum-bia City, Indiana. Veterans account for 18 percent of suicides, even though they are only 8
1⁄2 percent of the total population. Our fe-male veterans are 2
1⁄2times more like-ly to commit suicide than civilian women. We can’t allow this to continue. Just one veteran suicide a day is a horrible tragedy, let alone 20. Our veterans were vigilant in fighting for our freedoms. We must be just as vigilant in fighting for their needs. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today seeks to enable the VA’s Veterans Crisis Line, or VCL, to be even more effective in this fight. As has already been mentioned, since 2007, it has fielded nearly 2.8 million calls and 67,000 text messages. But there is no overarching approach to en-sure the VA knows the effectiveness of the VCL in preventing future suicide attempts after the initial phone call or how well the crisis line connects vet-erans to the mental healthcare services of the VA. That is why, with this bill, we can harness the power of data ana-lytics to improve the functionality of the VCL and the VA’s mental healthcare services. The VCL is a critical tool, and we must do everything we can to help it play as large a role as possible. We must ensure that our veterans who seek care can access it so that they can find a long-term solution to their dif-ficulties. Mr. Speaker, we must ensure our veterans know they are not alone after the phone call. I have spoken with veterans service organizations throughout this bill’s progress. I thank them for their feed-back and for looking out for our vet-erans. I would like to thank Congressman M
OULTON , who was my lead on the other side of the aisle, for his work as a partner on this bill, as well, and for his dedication to our veteran popu-lation. I would also like to thank the entire Indiana delegation from both sides of the aisle for cosponsoring this bill and showing the Hoosier State’s strong commitment to preventing veteran sui-cide. I ask my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 4173. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. COFFMAN ). Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, last year, the VA’s suicide data report re-vealed that an average of 20 veterans a day committed suicide. A year later, our Nation is still faced with this epi-demic. While the VA is seeing high rates in calls to the Veterans Crisis Line, there is no overarching approach to ensure the VA is effectively preventing future suicide attempts and integrating the hotline information into VA’s mental healthcare services. H.R. 4173, the Veterans Crisis Line Study Act, would address that critical gap in oversight. This bill would re-quire the VA to study the outcomes of the VA’s Veterans Crisis Line while protecting the privacy and anonymity of the veteran callers. As a proud cosponsor of H.R. 4173, I believe it is critical that Congress en-sures this emergency resource for our veterans struggling with PTSD or other mental health conditions is working as it should. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the passage of H.R. 4173. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida, and I also thank my colleague from Min-nesota, as well, who has a history on this important issue, the genesis going back to 2007, like my friend from Min-nesota said, with a predecessor of mine, former Congressman Leonard Boswell, who misses this institution and gave great service. I know he sends his best. I thank my colleague, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, for making sure that we are always continuing with oversight of these important programs to help our veterans. In 2015, the VA did an OIG report and found out that there were some failures in the Veterans Crisis Line; there were informational failures. Sometimes peo-ple answering the phone at the VA, who are good people and want to help our veterans, didn’t have all the infor-mation they may need. There was a lack of timely responsiveness at some points. The VA Committee here in the House did some oversight and found out that we needed to make sure that we fixed this. So I introduced a bipartisan bill with my colleagues that passed unani-mously in 2016, the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act, to work with the Veterans Affairs De-partment to make sure that we knew what they needed to get the job done, working in partnership across the aisle and with the VA. The bill passed unani-mously. President Obama signed it into law. But we know that, with a stroke of a pen, it doesn’t just fix things. You have to have constant oversight and demand transparency and accountability. I went down to one of the Veterans Crisis Line centers in Atlanta and vis-ited with those who ran it and those re-sponders who picked up the phone every day to talk to our veterans to see how things were going. b1630 Great improvements, great chal-lenges still, but they are making head-way, and it is with a partnership where we can make sure that this works. Oversight, transparency, account-ability is what this is about, but most importantly, this is about keeping our promise to our veterans, those who have donned the uniform to protect our rights, the rights of our family mem-bers, and our loved ones who keep this great Republic going. So I want to thank my friend from Florida, my good friend from Min-nesota, and Mr. BANKS from Indiana. I am glad to support this legislation, and I urge others to as well. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, over the last 2 days, we have passed 14 bills out of this com-mittee, the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, affecting everything from suicide and suicide prevention to trans-plant, to the delivery of GI bills, to the streamlining of the bureaucracy inside the agency, all with a bipartisan effort on what can we do as a nation to best deliver on our promise of the earned benefits that we so deeply owe to those who served us. It is appropriate that we are doing it the week of Veterans Day. But I want to remind people, this is what is possible, Mr. Speaker. This summer, the New York Times wrote a story, and it said, if you really want to know how Congress is supposed to function, look at the VA Committee. They were pointing out, these are not easy things. People, Mr. Speaker, may think, well, everybody supports veterans, but it is hard to get policy right. It is hard to find funding. It is hard to agree on the best way to deliver it. But I would have to say, the last 2 days are proof positive of it. We can do it. We must do it. We are obligated to do it. When people think of Veterans Day, ways that you can observe Veterans Day, I am always of the belief that the best way to honor veterans is to at-tempt to live our life in a manner that reflects the dignity and the sacrifice that they gave in their service. As we sat here today, it may be easy to take it for granted. The public gets frustrated over what happens or what doesn’t happen here. The idea that there are billions of human beings on this planet who don’t get the chance to self-govern, who don’t get the chance to openly and freely debate, to try and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.081 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8566 November 7, 2017 
craft a society we want to live in, and we do it here because of the sacrifice that was given to keep this Nation free. So the work we do here—and it is often said, you shouldn’t get a pat on the back for doing what you are sup-posed to do. That is not what this is about. This is about a recognition that this Nation cares deeply about the daughters and sons who will serve us. This Nation expects the Congress to make sure that they are cared for in a manner that reflects their sacrifice, and they want us to do it in a bipar-tisan manner that celebrates the idea of self-governance. So with that, I would say, Mr. Speak-er, I am proud to support this piece of legislation as the final piece of this package. I am proud of the work and to call my friend from Florida a dear friend, someone who I know that, be-tween you and your father, has given decades of service to our Nation’s vet-erans. There are reasons to be optimistic. There are reasons to believe that we can get through this. There is reason to believe that, come Veterans Day, our better days lie ahead of us. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 4173, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I support this great bill. And see how we are doing this? This was set up, the crisis line was set up a few years ago. We are improving upon that, and hopefully we are going to save lives. Again, I appreciate—I am really proud to serve on this committee. I have served on the committee. We have served on it together. We came in to-gether, and we made our veterans, our true heroes, a priority. I appreciate you, sir. You take the politics out of it. Chairman R
OEtakes the politics out of it. I like to think I do, too, and all the members of the committee do, and we put our veterans first. This is a moral committee, as you said. It is a moral committee. I hope the children are watching this right now because, you know, there is a lot of gridlock in Washington, but we work together. They are not high-pro-file bills, but they are very important bills to our heroes. So, again, I am very proud to manage these bills today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4173, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
SAVE LOCAL BUSINESS ACT Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 607, I call up the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint em-ployers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 607, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, printed in the bill, shall be con-sidered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3441 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Save Local Business Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF JOINT EMPLOYMENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT.—Section 2(2) of the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 152(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term ‘employer’’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A) The term ‘employer’’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A person may be considered a joint em-ployer in relation to an employee only if such person directly, actually, and immediately, and not in a limited and routine manner, exercises significant control over essential terms and con-ditions of employment, such as hiring employ-ees, discharging employees, determining indi-vidual employee rates of pay and benefits, day- to-day supervision of employees, assigning indi-vidual work schedules, positions, and tasks, or administering employee discipline.’’. (b) F
AIRLABOR STANDARDS ACT OF 1938.—Sec- tion 3(d) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘‘Employer’ includes’’ and in-serting ‘‘(1) ‘Employer’ includes’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A person may be considered a joint em-ployer in relation to an employee for purposes of this Act only if such person meets the criteria set forth in section 2(2)(B) of the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 152(2)(B)).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. The gentlewoman from North Caro-lina (Ms. F
OXX) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3441. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. Mr. Speaker, the premise of this leg-islation is simple. It is about pro-tecting the ability of entrepreneurs in this country to start and run their own business, and it is about ensuring op-portunities within reach for all Ameri-cans. Every day, men and women across the country work hard to earn a pay-check and provide for their families, and every day, local businessowners work hard to keep their doors open and hire employees. Meanwhile, bureaucrats in Wash-ington are busy setting policies that have a widespread impact on every workplace in the country. As we learned during the Obama administra-tion and from rulings made by the pre-vious National Labor Relations Board, too often these policies do far more harm than good. When it comes to rules and policies governing our Nation’s workforce, there has never been a greater need for Congress to clarify areas of the law that shouldn’t be left up to boards and Federal agencies to decide. That is es-pecially true regarding the joint em-ployer issue. In 2015, when the Obama administration’s NLRB unilaterally re-defined what it means to be a joint em-ployer, the result was massive confu-sion and uncertainty. The Committee on Education and the Workforce has heard from countless in-dividuals on how the vague and un-workable new joint employer standard threatens job creation, creates new roadblocks for entrepreneurs, and upends successful business models and relationships. H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act, will deliver much-needed relief by providing legal clarity under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act. The legisla-tion simply restores a commonsense joint employer standard, and it does so in a way that upholds vital worker pro-tections and ensures all employers know their responsibilities to their em-ployees. I want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative BYRNE , for introducing and tirelessly championing this proposal, along with the Democratic cosponsors. I urge all Members to vote in favor of H.R. 3441 so we can protect local jobs, opportunity, and entrepreneurship. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3441, the so-called Save Local Business Act. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, employers have increasingly moved away from direct hiring of em-ployees to the use of permatemps and subcontracting to reduce labor costs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.083 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8567 November 7, 2017 
and liability. For many workers, the name on the door of the building where they work may not be the name of the company that technically signs their paycheck. In situations like these, where more than one entity controls or has the contractual right to control the terms and conditions of employment, the Na-tional Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act hold both en-tities responsible for violations as joint employers. The joint employment standard under the NLRA ensures that workers can negotiate with all parties that control the terms and conditions of employment. Similarly, the joint employment standard under the FLSA ensures the appropriate companies can be held accountable for wage theft, equal pay, overtime pay, and child labor violations. H.R. 3441 rewrites both the NLRA and the FLSA by establishing a narrow def-inition of joint employer that effec-tively eliminates accountability for some of the entities that are actually calling the shots. Under this bill, an entity may be a joint employer only if it ‘‘directly, actually, and imme-diately’’ exercises control over nine es-sential terms and conditions of em-ployment, such as hiring, firing, deter-mining rates of pay, and scheduling. However, an entity could have con-trol over all nine of the essential terms, and if it indirectly exercises control through an intermediary, such as a subcontractor, then the entity would not be an employer because its control is not direct. This loophole would allow joint employers to evade liability for child labor or wage theft and undermine workers’ ability to bring all of the entities to the bar-gaining table that actually control the terms and conditions of employment. Alternatively, if an entity controls only eight of these nine essential terms and outsources the ninth, then it may also not be deemed a joint employer under this legislation. That is just a loophole. Under this legislation, an employee could have no employer liable for a vio-lation. This would arise when each of the joint employers raises a defense that they are not liable because they are not an employer, because they don’t control all nine of the essential terms and conditions of employment. This bill provides no guidance over how many of the essential terms the joint employer must control. Do they have to control two? a majority? all nine? The consequence is that a court could find an employee is owed over-time, but nobody owes the money be-cause nobody qualifies as an employer under the definition of the bill. This bill opens the door for potential chaos. And one thing for sure, H.R. 3441 does not provide the clarity that its pro-ponents advertise. Today, we are debating legislation that is based on a misplaced criticism of the National Labor Relations Board’s 2015 decision in Browning-Fer-ris Industries, where the NLRB held that the client employer, BFI, and its staffing agency, Leadpoint, were joint employers at a recycling facility and, therefore, jointly had the duty to bar-gain with the union. BFI capped wages that Leadpoint could pay and set scheduling, reserved the right to overrule Leadpoint’s hir-ing decisions, and, if the NLRB had certified the union with only the staff-ing agency, Leadpoint, as the em-ployer, then collective bargaining would have been a waste of time be-cause Leadpoint was contractually lim-ited in its ability to bargain without BFI’s permission. The BFI decision reinstated the com-mon law definition of an employer, a precedent that had been in place at the NLRB for decades prior to 1984. Critics contend that the BFI case threatens the independence of franchisees. b1645 Well, first, the BFI decision states that it does not cover franchising. Sec-ond, there are no decisions where a franchisor has ever been held to be a joint employer with its franchisees under either law. Despite claims that H.R. 3441 would protect the independence of franchisees, legal experts point out that, under this bill, the bill actually insulates franchisors from liability, which leaves the franchisors free to ex-ercise greater control over their franchisees’ employee relations with-out liability. Under this bill, if a franchisor directs actions that could violate wage or labor laws, then the franchisee is forced to accept this shared control, without shared responsibility. For ex-ample, suppose the franchisor directs the franchisee to designate all of the employees as managers and refuse to pay them overtime and the court comes in and says overtime was owed, then the franchisee is stuck with the bill because the franchisor is not an employer under this bill. That is not fair to small businesses and it is not fair to franchisees. This legislation also creates perverse incentives by rewarding low-road con-struction contractors who compete by outsourcing entities that drive down costs by stealing wages, not paying overtime, and other violations. A na-tional coalition of construction con-tractors is warned that H.R. 3441 would ‘‘further tilt the field of competition against honest, ethical businesses.’’ For those reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. B
YRNE ), the chief sponsor of this bill. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership on this issue and for her continued leader-ship of our committee. Mr. Speaker, today is a big day. Today is an opportunity for this House to stand up for our Nation’s workers and to protect the small local busi-nesses, which form the backbone of the American economy. Today is about re-storing decades-old labor law. Ulti-mately, today is about giving clarity to workers and job creators all across our country. I have heard from our friends across the aisle that somehow someone can be an employee without there being an employer. I call that the immaculately conceived employee. There is no such thing under the law, nor has there ever been. This bill does not change the defini-tion of employer. It simply takes the definition of joint employer back to the way it was a few years ago. It is a shame that we are even having to have this bill. But the activist Na-tional Labor Relations Board in 2015 issued a decision that fundamentally upended labor law as we knew it. This change didn’t come through the demo-cratically elected Congress, but, in-stead, from a panel of unelected bu-reaucrats. The NLRB’s decision and the result-ing regulatory agenda have caused deep uncertainty among job creators. For workers, they are left to wonder who their boss really is. That is an incred-ibly confusing situation to be in. Under the new joint employer stand-ard, what does it mean to have ‘‘indi-rect’’ or ‘‘potential’’ control over an employee? I have practiced labor and employ-ment law for decades and I do not know what that means, so I can only imagine the confusion Main Street businesses are facing due to this standard. Currently, there are at least nine dif-ferent legal tests nationwide to deter-mine joint employer status under the Fair Labor Standards Act, and more to come. This patchwork of standards cre-ates regulatory uncertainty, especially for job creators doing businesses in multiple States. So, despite what some on the other side want to believe, this is not an ab-stract issue. I have visited numerous local businesses in my district, and they are very worried about this scheme. I have heard from workers who want to remain an employee of a lo-cally owned business with an owner who knows them, instead of becoming just another employee in some large corporation. Clearly, I am not the only one who heard these concerns. This legislation is cosponsored by 123 of my colleagues, including Members from both sides of the aisle. This is a bipartisan issue be-cause it isn’t about politics. Instead, it is about saving jobs and supporting lo-cally owned businesses. Let me make something crystal clear: this bill does not remove a single protection for today’s workforce. De-spite the scare tactics being used by big labor bosses and their trial lawyer friends, the same important protec-tions exist under this legislation, and any irresponsible employer can be held accountable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.085 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8568 November 7, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to take the side of our locally owned businesses, to take the side of our small business job creators, and to take the side of American workers. Let’s end the confusion and let’s pass the Save Local Business Act. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to state that I agree with the gentleman when he says that no rights are reduced. The only problem is you can’t have any-body that is liable to fulfill your bene-fits under whatever those rights are. If you are owed overtime, you are owed overtime. That is not reduced. It is just that nobody is there to pay it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ). Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
COTT for yielding. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act, would fundamen-tally redefine the relationship between employers and employees. Mr. Speaker, corporate profits and income inequality are at an all-time high, yet we are debating a bill that would strip workers of their right to hold employers accountable, allowing corporations to further stifle wage growth and undermine collective bar-gaining. This is yet another Republican attempt to make the rich richer and the working people poorer, just like their tax bill. What we should be fight-ing for is a living wage and employee rights. My Republican colleagues say the law is ambiguous and we must act to save small businesses. The law is not ambiguous. They just don’t like it be-cause it holds businesses responsible and forces them to bargain with unions. This bill is an assault on work-ers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the Economic Policy In-stitute outlining how H.R. 3441 will en-sure small businesses are left with sole responsibility for business practices often dictated by large corporations; and, in addition, a letter from the International Brotherhood of Team-sters opposing this bill in support of workers protections. 
ECONOMIC POLICY INSTITUTE , Washington, DC, October 3, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman, Committee on Education & the Workforce, House of Representatives. Hon. B
OBBY C. S COTT, Ranking Member, Committee on Education & the Workforce, House of Representatives. D
EAR CHAIRWOMAN FOXX AND RANKING  M
EMBER SCOTT: On behalf of the Economic Policy Institute Policy Center, we write to express our strong opposition the H.R. 3441, the so-called ‘‘Save Local Business Act,’’ which would do nothing to protect small business owners or their workers. The Eco-nomic Policy Institute is a nonprofit, non-partisan think tank founded in 1986, and our labor policy unit assesses actions by Con-gress and federal agencies that impact work-ers and the economy. We urge you to oppose this legislation. The so-called ‘‘Save Local Business Act’’ (H.R. 3441) would roll back the joint em-ployer standards under both the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) and the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). It has nothing to do with protecting small businesses. In fact, the bill would ensure that small busi-nesses are left with sole responsibility for business practices often mandated by large corporations like franchisors. It would estab-lish a joint employer standard that lets big corporations avoid liability for labor and employment violations and leaves small businesses on the hook. Given the realities of the modern work-place, in which employees often find them-selves subject to more than one employer, working people deserve a joint employer standard that guarantees their rights and protections under basic labor and employ-ment laws. Instead, this bill would establish a standard that makes it nearly impossible for workers whose wages are stolen or who are fired for supporting a union to get jus-tice. By limiting employer responsibility to only those firms who ‘‘directly, actually, and immediately’’ exercise significant control over the essential terms and conditions of employment, the bill would enable large firms that contract for services to evade re-sponsibility under both the NLRA and the FLSA. When two or more businesses co-determine or share control over a worker’s pay, sched-ule, or job duties, then both of those busi-nesses should be considered employers. A weak joint employer standard robs workers of their rights, making it impossible for them to effectively collectively bargain or litigate workplace disputes—and it leaves small businesses holding the bag when the large corporations that control their busi-ness practices and set their employees’ schedules violate labor law and refuse to come to the bargaining table. If this com-mittee wishes to support small businesses and the workers they employ, then it should support a strong joint employer standard rather than this legislation. Since the NLRB narrowed its joint em-ployer standard in 1984, contingent and alter-native workforce arrangements—including reliance on temporary staffing firms and contractors to outsource services tradition-ally performed by in-house workers—have grown dramatically. Recent estimates find that 15.8 percent of workers were engaged in alternative work arrangements in late 2015, or around 24 million workers in today’s labor market. The NLRB’s 2015 decision in Browning-Fer-ris Industries addressed this issue, requiring all firms that control the terms and condi-tions of employment to come to the bar-gaining table, ensuring that workers are again able to engage in their right to collec-tive bargaining. Employers already face only narrow liability under Browning-Ferris, and the Board would examine the specific cir-cumstances of each case before making a de-termination. Nothing in the decision implies that all employers in a specific industry will be found to be joint employers under the NLRA. Similarly, the Wage & Hour Division’s Ad-ministrator’s Interpretation on the joint em-ployer standard under the FLSA did not cre-ate any new policy; rather, it simply sought to make clear for employers their respon-sibilities under existing court law and opin-ion, and to provide the exact kind of clarity and guidance to employers and the regulated community that proponents of the H.R. 3441 purport to seek. And yet, earlier this year, the U.S. Department of Labor rescinded that Administrator’s Interpretation, hiding it from view. In spite of its title, H.R. 3441 does nothing to save local businesses. Instead, it saves large corporations from any responsibility for violations of the FLSA and NLRA. The legislation leaves small businesses and their workers without meaningful recourse. We urge you, your fellow Committee members, and all Members of the House of Representa-tives to oppose this bill. Sincerely, CELINE MCNICHOLAS , Labor Counsel, Eco-nomic Policy Insti-tute Policy Center. H
EIDISHIERHOLZ , Senior Economist and Director of Policy, Economic Policy In-stitute Policy Cen-ter. 
INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD  
OFTEAMSTERS , Washington, DC, October 3, 2017. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.4 million members of the International Broth-erhood of Teamsters, I am writing to express our vigorous opposition to H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. I strongly urge you to reject this legislation. H.R. 3441 seeks to legislate around a cen-tury of consistent case law and established joint employer standards in labor and em-ployment law. The bill redefines the term ‘‘employer’’ so narrowly that many workers will have no remedy when their employers violate wage laws or their rights to organize and bargain collectively. We believe the leg-islation will encourage ‘‘gaming the system’’ so that no one exercises enough control to be liable as an employer. The legislation would overturn the Na-tional Labor Relations Board (NLRB) Brown-ing-Ferris decision and leave worker protec-tions weaker than they were prior to Con-gress adopting the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) in 1935. On August 27, 2015, the NLRB, in its Browning Ferris Industries (BFI) decision, affirmed the basic principle that two or more employers are joint em-ployers of the same employees if they are both employers under common law and they ‘‘share or co-determine those matters gov-erning the essential terms and conditions of employment.’’ H.R. 3441 would overturn this decision and allow employers to evade their responsibility to engage in meaningful col-lective bargaining. The BFI case involves a labor-only, cost- plus staffing contract under which BFI has subcontracted the employment relationship only to a staffing agency, Leadpoint. BFI owns the facility and equipment on which Leadpoint’s employees work; it directs the quality and quantity of work performed by Leadpoint workers. BFI oversees operations with its own per-sonnel and retains authority to approve or reject Leadpoint’s workers. Leadpoint can only pay its workers amounts that comply with its staffing agreement with BFI. As the NLRB noted, the Union ‘‘assert(ed) that ab-sent a change in the joint-employer stand-ard, a putative employer, like BFI, that is a necessary party to meaningful collective bargaining will continue to insulate itself by the ‘calculated restructuring of employment and insertion of a contractor to insulate itself from the basic legal obligation to rec-ognize and bargain with employees’ rep-resentative.’’ The NLRB joint employer decision is not a dramatic departure from existing law. It does not upend business as we know it, nor does it undermine the franchise business model, as many have claimed. Current law balances the interests of workers and em-ployers by requiring a fact specific inquiry to determine whether or not there is a joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.087 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8569 November 7, 2017 
employer relationship. The NLRB joint em-ployer decision in the BFI case is fact spe-cific and clarifies the joint employment standard. Workers at BFI/Leadpoint chose to exer-cise their right to determine whether they wanted to organize and bargain collectively. Workers voted and the ballots from that election were impounded pending a decision in the BFI case. After the NLRB issued its decision, the ballots were counted. The BFI/ Leadpoint workers decisively declared their desire to bargain collectively by voting 4–1 in favor of Teamster representation. The NLRB ruling will allow these (and other) workers to negotiate with and hold account-able the employer which actually controls the terms and conditions of their jobs. This legislation will deny them the ability to do so. Not only would H.R. 3441 overturn the BFI decision, the bill would also drastically change the definition of employment rela-tionships under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The FLSA currently recognizes that more than one business can be an em-ployer. Thus, an employer cannot hide be-hind labor contractors, brokers, or others. For example, while there are many respon-sible employers in the construction industry, it is well known that abusive schemes are far too prevalent in this industry as well as oth-ers. Contractors use subcontractors or labor brokers who intentionally misclassify work-ers as independent contractors or pay them ‘‘off the books’’ to the disadvantage of re-sponsible employers. We believe this legisla-tion will serve as an incentive for worker misclassification to defeat employment and labor law, as well as facilitate tax avoidance. Because the Migrant and Seasonal Agricul-tural Workers Protection Act (MSAWPA) re-fers to the definition of ‘‘employ’’ in the FLSA, H.R. 3441 will have an adverse effect on the ability of workers covered by the MSAWPA to effectively enforce child labor laws, and seek redress for wage theft and other employment abuses. Again, H.R. 3441 would leave worker pro-tections weaker than when Congress adopted the FLSA in 1938. This legislation will fuel a race to the bot-tom for workers’ rights, wages, benefits and workings conditions. Working men and women have fought long and hard for the rights and protections they now have under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act. H.R. 3441 is an-other in a series of intensifying attacks by those who want to return to the era when working men and women were without rights, protections, and a voice in the work-place. You will fail these workers if you do not reject H.R. 3441. I hope I can tell our mem-bers that you stood with them and other workers in their efforts to achieve and main-tain meaningful worker rights and protec-tions. The Teamsters Union urges you to vote no on H.R. 3441. Sincerely, J
AMES P. H OFFA . General President. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3441. Let’s get back to fighting for the peo-ple we were sent here to serve. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. For hardworking men and women in this country, one of the most impor-tant relationships they develop in the workplace is the relationship they have with their employer. This relationship is paramount to every worker’s suc-cess. It is a relationship that impacts their paycheck, their schedule, their benefits, and the future of their career. Unfortunately, under the Obama ad-ministration, we repeatedly saw gov-ernment bureaucrats pursue regulatory policies that harmed workers and small businesses. The National Labor Rela-tions Board’s decision in Browning- Ferris is a prime example. In that decision, the Board placed itself squarely in the middle of the em-ployer-employee relationship by rede-fining what it means to be a joint em-ployer. The Education and the Workforce Committee has been fighting to roll back this extreme joint employer scheme since it first took effect, and for good reason. It discarded settled labor policy and blurred the lines of re-sponsibility for decisions affecting the daily operations of local businesses across this country. Quite simply, the scheme is a threat to jobs, entrepre-neurship, and local employers across the country. I have heard from small businesses and franchises across my district about how the new joint employer scheme will upend small businesses, undermine their independence, and put jobs, liveli-hoods, and dreams at risk. It is time to settle once and for all what constitutes a joint employer, not through arbitrary and misguided NLRB decisions and rulings by activist judges, but through legislation. The Save Local Business Act will roll back this unworkable scheme and restore the same straightforward joint em-ployer test that workers and job cre-ators relied on for decades. The Save Local Business Act is about providing certainty for job creators in each and every one of our districts. It is about keeping the American Dream within reach. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 3441. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ). Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3441, the so-called Save Local Business Act. This bill virtually eliminates joint employer liability under the National Labor Relations Act and under the Fair Labor Standards Act. As my col-leagues have highlighted, there are nu-merous unintended consequences pre-sented by this bill. I want to highlight the impact on an often overlooked segment of our work-force: our Nation’s farmworkers. Farmworkers are among our Nation’s most vulnerable workers. Farmworkers work long hours in poor conditions for low pay. Many farmworkers are un-documented and subject to severe abuse. The Migrant and Seasonal Agri-cultural Worker Protection Act is the principal labor statute protecting agri-culture workers and establishes wage, health, safety, and recordkeeping standards for both seasonal and tem-porary farmworkers. Joint employ-ment standards under this law and the Fair Labor Standards Act are vital to protecting the rights and protections afforded to these workers. Oftentimes, farmworkers are re-cruited, hired, supervised, or trans-ported by intermediaries, sometimes referred to as farm labor contractors. Farm operators utilizing farm labor contractors maintain control over working conditions seeking to ensure the financial success of their operation. Despite this shared responsibility, farm operators may argue that the farm labor contractors they engage are the farmworkers’ sole employer respon-sible for compliance. Farm labor con-tractors are often thinly capitalized. This means if a farmworker seeks re-dress for a violation, he or she may not be able to collect from the farm labor contractors. Under the Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker Protec-tion Act, joint employer liability helps ensure covered workers can also hold liability from farm operators that share responsibility. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York. Mr. ESPAILLAT. By amending the Fair Labor Standards Act’s broad defi-nition of ‘‘employ’’ and creating a new extremely narrow definition of ‘‘joint employer,’’ H.R. 3441 upends the Fair Labor Standards Act’s joint employer framework upon which we rely on. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a statement from Farmworker Justice in opposition to this bill. 
STATEMEMT ON ‘‘SAVELOCAL BUSINESS ACT,’’ H
OUSE EDUCATION AND WORKFORCE COM-
MITTEE —BRUCE GOLDSTEIN , P RESIDENT , F
ARMWORKER JUSTICE , OCTOBER 2, 2017 Farmworker Justice appreciates the oppor-tunity to submit this statement to the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. Farmworker Justice, a national advocacy, education and litigation organization for farmworkers founded in 1981 and based in Washington, D.C. Farmworker Justice has played a leading role in advocacy, education and litigation regarding the joint employer concept to remedy and prevent labor abuses. I am President of Farmworker Justice and have 37 years of experience as an attorney, including at the National Labor Relations Board, Legal Services, in private practice and at this organization. Farmworker Justice opposes the ‘‘Save Local Business Act,’’ HR 3441 because it would remove an important mechanism to protect farmworkers and other low-wage workers from suffering violations of the min-imum wage and child labor requirements. The bill would make it extremely difficult to hold two businesses jointly liable as ‘‘joint employers’’ of the same worker or group of workers. This bill, if enacted, would result in massive violations of the minimum wage and other labor abuses that would harm farm-workers and harm the reputation of the en-tire agricultural sector. This bill, if enacted, would reverse more than 130 years of knowledge developed in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.032 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8570 November 7, 2017 
quest to eradicate sweatshops. The Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, which sets min-imum wage, overtime, and child labor stand-ards, adopted a definition of employment re-lationships based on 50 years of experience under state laws that evolved to address em-ployers’ efforts to evade child labor and other labor laws. During the mid- to late–1800’s states adopt-ed laws to regulate and limit the hours of employment of children and quickly con-fronted employers’ efforts to evade the laws. Business owners that operated a manufac-turing plant would claim that the children in the plant were employed solely by a subcon-tractor within the plant or had been brought to the plant by a parent or sibling and there-fore should not be considered to have ‘‘em-ployed’’ the child. Even if the subcontractor or parent were punished, in the absence of li-ability on the part of the plant operator it would suffer no adverse impact and would be free to find another subcontractor or parent to bring children to do the work. In addition, often a labor contractor lack sufficient as-sets to pay a court judgement, leaving work-ers remedy-less. One of the responses of state legislatures was to adopt a broad definition of employ-ment relationships that imposed employer status on the larger business owner even where there existed a labor intermediary. Numerous states adopted language defining employment relationships that later became the model for the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. The state laws and the FLSA defined em-ployers as entities that directly or indirectly employed a worker and defined the word ‘‘employ’’ as including not just the restric-tive common law definition’s ‘‘right to con-trol test’’ but also as ‘‘to suffer or permit to work.’’ 29 USC §203(g). To ‘‘suffer’’ in this context means to acquiesce in, passively allow or to fail to prevent the worker’s work. This broad definition imposed liability on a company that had the power to prevent the work of the worker from happening and de-nied the business the ability to hide its head in the sand about what was happening in its business, including where it utilized labor contractors or other intermediaries which were considered employers of those workers. See Goldstein et al., ‘‘Enforcing Fair Labor Standards in the Modern American Sweat-shop: Rediscovering the Statutory Definition of Employment,’’ 46 UCLA Law Review 983 (1999). The purpose of establishing joint re-sponsibility is also reflected in FLSA’s defi-nition of ‘‘employer,’’ 29 USC §203(d), ‘‘’Em-ployer’ includes any person acting directly or indirectly in the interest of an employer in relation to an employee.’’ The facts in the U.S. Supreme Court’s deci-sion in Rutherford Food Corp. v. McComb, 331 U.S. 722 (1947) illustrate the concept. A slaughterhouse company retained a con-tractor to assemble a crew of workers to de- bone meat in a special room within the slaughterhouse. The Department of Labor sued the defendant company for record-keeping and overtime violations. The com-pany denied that it employed the meat de- boners, arguing that the contractor was their sole employer. The Court found that the definition of employment relationships in the FLSA imposed liability on the slaugh-terhouse. The Save Local Business Act would alter the longstanding meaning of employment re-lationships under the FLSA and the National Labor Relations Act. The NLRA excludes ag-ricultural workers from its protections, so I will focus on the FLSA. The FLSA’s min-imum wage applies to farmworkers on most (but not all) larger farms; small farms gen-erally are excluded from the minimum wage. 29 USC 213(a)(6). Agricultural workers are ex-cluded from overtime pay. 29 USC §213(b)(13)– (16). FLSA prohibits certain types of child labor although it allows large agricultural employers, as well as small family farms, to employ children at younger ages than is al-lowed in other occupations. Id. at (c)(1)–(2). The bill would set criteria so onerous that it would be rare for two businesses that shared responsibilities regarding workers to be held to be joint employers; just one busi-ness would be held to be an employer. Be-cause the Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker Protection Act (AWPA) refers to the definition of ‘‘employ’’ in the Fair Labor Standards Act, the proposed law may also apply to AWPA. 29 USC §1802(5). AWPA is the principal federal employment law for farmworkers, regulating employment con-tracts and the use of farm labor contractors. Many agricultural workers suffer viola-tions of the Fair Labor Standards Act’s min-imum wage and other basic labor protec-tions. Often, when such workers try to rem-edy illegal employment practices, they run into a problem: the farm operator that really determines their job terms and has the ca-pacity to prevent abuses, denies that it is their ‘‘employer’’ for purposes of the min-imum wage and other labor protections. In-stead, the farm operator claims that a ‘‘farm labor contractor’’ or other intermediary is the sole ‘‘employer’’ of the farmworkers on its farm. Often a labor contractor competes for business by promising low labor costs and when sued by victimized workers cannot af-ford to pay a court judgment. In most such cases, the definition of em-ployment relationships in the FLSA enables courts and the Department of Labor to en-sure compliance with the law by considering the farm operator and the farm labor con-tractor to be ‘‘joint employers’’ and jointly responsible for meeting FLSA’s obligations. This issue has been the subject of numerous lawsuits in which farm operators have been held to be joint employers with their farm labor contractors. This Committee played a historic role in addressing abuses of migrant workers at the hands of farm operators and their labor con-tractors and recognized the importance of the joint employer concept in ensuring a law-abiding, prosperous agricultural sector. The Farm Labor Contractor Registration Act of 1964 was passed in part in response to the powerful documentary by Edward R. Murrow, ‘‘Harvest of Shame’’ that aired dur-ing Thanksgiving weekend in 1960. Congress revised its provisions and replaced it with the Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker Protection Act of 1983, 29 U.S.C. §1801 et seq. At the heart of this Commit-tee’s motivation was ensuring joint em-ployer responsibility. ‘‘This broad scope of joint employment— and joint employer liability—is one of the AWPA’s most important features. The AWPA’s legislative history indicates that Congress considered the joint employer doc-trine ‘‘a central foundation’’ of this new law. 29 C.F.R. §500.20(h)(5)(ii); citing House Re-port, n.2 at 4552. It is the ‘‘indivisible hinge’’ that allows workers to hold accountable all those responsible for violating the AWPA’s protections. Id, citing H.R. Rep. 97–885, 97th Cong., 2d Sess.1, reprinted in 1982 U.S.C.C.A.N. 4547, 4552 (1982) (‘‘House Re-port’’). The economic reality is that few farm op-erators will risk their profitability and the survival of their business by delegating all responsibility to a labor contractor. Most farm operators who engage labor inter-mediaries exercise substantial decision-mak-ing regarding the impact of subcontracted workers on their business. If strawberries or grapes are harvested when they are over-ripe or under-ripe, are subjected to pathogens transmitted on the footwear or hands of farmworkers, or are not handled carefully to prevent bruising, huge financial losses could result. A farm operator generally makes these and other major decisions to ensure its profitability, even if it uses a farm labor contractor, instead of its own supervisor, to ensure that its decisions are carried out. Such farm operators should not be able to avoid complying with the minimum wage or child labor requirements by blaming a labor contractor as the sole employer. In most cases, there is shared responsibility among the farm operator and the labor contractor so that the workers on the farm ensure the profitability of that business. That shared responsibility means shared liability is ap-propriate. The joint employer concept does not de-prive farms or other businesses of the ability or right to engage labor contractors or other intermediaries such as staffing agencies. Nor does it prevent businesses from entering into agreements that require labor contractors to comply with all employment-law obliga-tions, purchase liability insurance against employment-law claims and hold the larger business harmless for any litigation and li-ability that may result. Joint employer liability creates an incen-tive to ensure that a business selects its labor contractors, as well as its directly- hired supervisors, wisely and ensures compli-ance with employment laws. In addition to ensuring protections for workers, joint em-ployer liability helps protect law-abiding businesses from unfair competition by un-scrupulous employers that keep their labor costs low by using labor contractors that violate employment-related obligations. The joint employer concept is an important, longstanding approach to minimizing sweat-shops and its elimination would result in a return to an era in which sweatshops are more prevalent. The joint employer concept also helps cre-ate consumer confidence regarding their pur-chases. People want to feel good about the food they eat. Agriculture has a reputation for poor treatment of farmworkers that would be exacerbated by the increases in abuses that would flow from this legislation. Congress should reject the Save Local Business Act because it contradicts 130 years of experience in preventing sweatshops in factories and at least 50 years of consensus regarding policies needed to remedy and pre-vent abuses of the people who labor on our farms and ranches to produce our food. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), I want to take just a minute to express my deepest sympathy to him, as the representative of the people of Sutherland Springs, for this Sun-day’s tragic events. He is here today to do the job they sent him to do, but we all know his heart is very much in that community. I thank him for being here, and I hope he knows that so many people are praying for him and the peo-ple he represents. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her condolences and her prayers for Sutherland Springs. Mr. Speaker, I also thank Mr. B
YRNE  and, of course, Chairman F
OXX, for their work on this particular bill. I thank Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. P ETERSON , and the other supporters of this legislation. Prior to August 2015, the joint em-ployer standard used by the NLRB 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.027 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8571 November 7, 2017 
made it easy to understand who is and who is not a joint employer. For dec-ades, a joint employer relationship ex-isted when one company exercised ‘‘di-rect and immediate’’ control over an-other company’s workforce. However, as you know, under the case Browning-Ferris Industries, the NLRB departed from many years of legal precedent in August of 2015 by es-tablishing a new, expanded joint em-ployer standard. This standard could trigger employer liability by a com-pany exercising vaguely defined indi-rect control over an employee. We have heard from local businesses from my district and across the State of Texas, and it is clear that this deci-sion is causing them significant confu-sion. In my district—let’s say in Laredo, Texas, there is a local restaurant owner who says that his restaurant currently employs close to 1,000 local employees. b1700 This expanded joint employer stand-ard has limited his investment in his business and the number of workers that he has. Reverting back to the former joint employer standard that we had for so many years would allow him to hire the employees that he needs to hire and reinvest money. This new expanded standard makes it difficult for local franchisees like this one in Laredo to offer the employer re-lationship support from franchisers for the fear that these benefits could be used against them in a joint employer lawsuit. Those fears are well founded. For ex-ample, the Progressive Policy Insti-tute, known for its pragmatic ideas, says that the expansion of this joint employer doctrine ‘‘may do more harm than good.’’ This is why I am supporting this leg-islation. We are asking that it revert back to the legal standard that we used for many years. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding and for his continued leadership on behalf of America’s workers. Mr. Speaker, more and more employ-ees today are working for a company whose name is not on the front of their office building. Instead of hiring em-ployees directly, companies are renting employees from staffing agencies. Let me say that again. Companies are rent-ing employees from staffing agencies and then evading responsibility for up-holding the rights of those workers, even as they profit from their work. For decades, sensible joint employ-ment standards under the Fair Labor Standards Act have ensured that work-ers can hold employers accountable for violating wage and hour laws. Instead of refining those standards to reflect the complex relationship be-tween workers and employers in to-day’s economy, this legislation sets a dramatically and intentionally narrow standard so that no large corporation can be held accountable if their con-tractors violate workplace laws. Mr. Speaker, I include a letter of sup-port in the RECORD , a letter by the Na-tional Employment Law Project and signed by more than 200 organizations opposing H.R. 3441 because it opens the door to widespread wage theft and hurts law-abiding small businesses. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT C. S COTT, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, L EADER PELOSI , C
HAIRWOMAN FOXX AND RANKING MEMBER  S
COTT: The undersigned organizations write in opposition to H.R. 3441, the so-called Save Local Business Act, which would amend the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) and the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) to pre-vent workers from holding more than one employer jointly accountable for wage theft, child labor, equal pay violations, or unfair labor practices even when the employers jointly exercise and share control over work-ing conditions. Under our nation’s long-standing laws dat-ing back as far as the late 1800s, employers who share control with their subcontractors over working conditions may also share ac-countability as joint employers for viola-tions of workers’ rights so that they will pro-vide better oversight of working conditions, and in so doing, ensure broader compliance with basic labor and employment laws. H.R. 3441 seeks to dramatically narrow the long-standing definitions of ‘‘employer’’ in the FLSA and NLRA and it is neither good for workers nor for law-abiding businesses. 
H.R. 3441 OPENS THE DOOR TO WIDESPREAD WAGE  
THEFT AND WORKER HARMS IN OCCUPATIONS  
ACROSS THE ECONOMY , INCLUDING IN OUR NA -
TION’S GROWTH INDUSTRIES  The bill would undermine protections for millions of workers across the economy, es-pecially in low-wage sectors where subcon-tracting is common: construction, agri-culture, garment, janitorial, home care, de-livery and logistics, warehousing, retail, temp and staffing, and manufacturing, just to name a few. Wage theft and other workplace dangers are prevalent in many of these jobs, and even under current law, millions of workers today are no longer sure who their boss is—and in-deed, have no way to navigate the intricacies of companies’ contracting relationships to ascertain who is responsible for workplace violations. When there’s no clear line of ac-countability, work conditions are more like-ly to deteriorate: pay declines, wage theft in-creases, and workplace injuries rise. In addi-tion, outsourced jobs pay less—sometimes as much as 30 percent less—than in-house jobs, likely due to a lack of worker and subcon-tractor bargaining power. In today’s econ-omy, we should be looking for ways to in-crease workers’ pay and economic security, not laying the groundwork for more sweat-shops. When a subcontractor cannot pay, joint employer standards ensure that workers have remedies against the contracting com-pany for the legal violations. Workers should be able to recover when cheated out of wages, exposed to dangerous working condi-tions, or otherwise treated unlawfully. This bill would also impede workers from bringing equal pay claims to close the gender pay gap. Because the Equal Pay Act is a part of the FLSA, and uses the FLSA’s definition of an employer, H.R. 3441 would make it harder for subcontracted workers to hold their employers accountable for gender- based pay discrimination. THE BILL ACTUALLY HURTS , NOT HELPS , LAW- 
ABIDING SMALL BUSINESSES  Although framed as a bill to help protect the independence of small businesses, includ-ing those that operate as franchisees, the bill would in fact insulate corporations, includ-ing franchisors, from liability. Unscrupulous businesses that employ abusive labor con-tractors to cheat workers would gain a com-petitive advantage over law-abiding busi-nesses. In addition, franchisees whose busi-ness practices are all but dictated to them by larger corporations will be hung out to dry for decisions that aren’t their own, with-out any indemnification from the entity that often all but forces labor and employment violations on them. Corporations that engage low-road con-tractors and then look the other way gain an unfair advantage over companies that play by the rules, resulting in a race to the bot-tom that rewards cheaters. It’s one reason why the job quality of what were formerly middle-class jobs in America is suffering today. Working people struggle enough in to-day’s economy. Don’t let Congress make this worse by leg-islatively rigging the system in favor of cor-porations that don’t care about the workers who build their businesses. Oppose H.R. 3441. Sincerely, 9to5 Colorado; 9to5 Wisconsin; 9to5, Na-tional Assoc of Working Women; A Bet-ter Balance; Advocates for Basic Legal Equality, Inc.; AFL-CIO; American Federation of State, County and Mu-nicipal Employees (AFSCME); Amer-ican Federation of Teachers, AFL-CIO; Arizona Employment Lawyers Associa-tion; Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund; Barkan Meizlish LLP; Bricklayers & Allied Craftsmen Local 3 MA/ME/NH/RI; California Em-ployment Lawyers Association; Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); Center for Popular Democracy; Center for Worker Justice of Eastern Iowa. Centro de los Derechos del Migrante, Inc. (CDM); Centro Legal de la Raza; Change to Win; Chicago Jobs Council; Cincinnati Interfaith Workers Center; Coalition for Social Justice; Coalition of Labor Union Women; Coalition on Human Needs; Colorado Fiscal Insti-tute; Columbia Legal Services, Wash-ington State; Communications Work-ers of America (CWA); Community Labor United; Community Legal Serv-ices in East Palo Alto; Community Legal Services of Philadelphia; Com-munity, Faith & Labor Coalition, Indi-anapolis; Congregation of Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd, US Provinces. Congregation of Our Lady of the Good Shepherd, US Provinces; Connecticut Legal Services, Inc.; Council on Amer-ican-Islamic Relations (CAIR); Demo-cratic Socialists of America; Demos; Disciples Center for Public Witness (Disciples of Christ); Economic Policy Institute Policy Center; Economic Progress Institute; El Comite de Apoyo a los Trabajadores Agrı´colas; Employee Rights Center; Equal Justice Center; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.089 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8572 November 7, 2017 
Equal Rights Advocates; Fair Work Center; Fair World Project; Faith and Justice Worker Center; Family Values @ Work; Farmworker Association of Florida. Farmworker Justice; Florida Legal Serv-ices, Inc.; Food Chain Workers Alli-ance; Forward Community Invest-ments; Franciscan Action Network; Friends Committee on National Legis-lation; Fuerza del Valle Workers’ Cen-ter; Fuerza Laboral; Futures Without Violence; Genesis Masonry Con-tracting, LLC; Getman, Sweeney & Dunn, PLLC; Good Jobs First; Good Jobs Nation; Greater Boston Legal Services; Greater Hartford Legal Aid, Inc. Greater Rochester Coalition for Immi-gration Justice; Greater SE Mass Labor Council; Hardin & Hughes, LLP; Head Law Firm, LLC; Hudson Valley Justice Center; Immigrant Solidarity DuPage, Casa DuPage Workers Center; Immigrant Worker Center Collabo-rative (IWCC); In The Public Interest; Indianapolis Worker Justice Center; Interfaith Coalition for Worker Justice of South Central WI; Interfaith Worker Justice; International Brotherhood of Teamsters; International Federation of Professional & Technical Engineers (IFPTE); International Union of Paint-ers and Allied Trades District Council 35; IWJSD. Jewish Community Relations Council, Milwaukee; Jobs With Justice; Justice in Motion; Kansas City Workers’ Rights Board of Missouri Jobs with Justice; Kentucky Equal Justice Cen-ter; Kids for College; Kids Forward; Labor Justice Committee; Labor Project for Working Families; Laundry Workers Center; Lebau and Neuworth; The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; Legal Aid at Work; The Legal Aid Society. Legal Services of Central New York; Legal Voice; Local 3, Bricklayers & Al-lied Craftsmen; Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy; Madison-area Urban Ministry; Main Street Alliance; Maine Labor Group on Health; Maine Women’s Lobby; Maintenance Coopera-tion Trust Fund; Massachusetts Coali-tion of Domestic Workers; Massachu-setts Interfaith Worker Justice; Massa-chusetts Law Reform Institute; MassCOSH (Massachusetts Coalition for Occupational Safety & Health); Me-chanic Law Firm, Portland OR; Metrowest Worker Center; Miami Workers Center. Michigan League for Public Policy; Mis-souri Jobs with Justice; Moms Rising; NAACP; National Advocacy Center of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd; Na-tional Asian Pacific American Wom-en’s Forum (NAPAWF); National Cen-ter for Law and Economic Justice; Na-tional Center for Transgender Equal-ity; National Council for Occupational Safety and Health; National Council of Churches; National Domestic Worker Alliance; National Education Associa-tion; National Employment Law Project; National Employment Law-yers Association; National Guestworker Alliance; National Immi-gration Law Center. National LGBTQ Task Force; National Partnership for Women & Families; Na-tional Women’s Law Center; National Workrights Institute; NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; New Haven Legal Assistance; New Jersey Citizen Action; New Jersey Policy Per-spective; New Jersey Time to Care Coa-lition; New Jersey Work Environment Council; New Labor; New Mexico Cen-ter on Law and Poverty; New Mexico Voices for Children; North Carolina Justice Center; NWA Workers’ Justice Center; Oregon Center for Public Pol-icy. Oxfam America; Patriotic Millionaires; Phillips Dayes Law Firm PC; Pilipino Workers Center of Southern California; Policy Matters Ohio; PolicyLink; Pride at Work; Progressive Congress Action Fund; Project IRENE; Public Citizen; Public Justice Center; Restaurant Op-portunities Centers United; Safe Har-bor Law, LLC; Sargent Shriver Na-tional Center on Poverty Law; SE Mass Building Trades Council; SEIU Local 888. Service Employees International Union; South Central Federation of Labor, AFL-CIO; South Florida AFL-CIO; South Florida Interfaith Worker Jus-tice; Southern Poverty Law Center; St. Louis Workers Rights Board, Missouri Jobs with Justice; Stephan Zouras, LLP; Teamsters Joint Council 7; Team-sters Local Union 350; Teamsters Local Union 469; The Commonwealth Insti-tute for Fiscal Analysis (Virginia); The Law Offices of Gilda A. Hernandez, PLLC; The North Dakota Economic Se-curity and Prosperity Alliance; The Rhode Island Center for Justice; The Stolarz Law Firm; The Warehouse Worker Resource Center. UltraViolet; Union for Reform Judaism; Union of Rutgers Administrators, AFT Local 1766; Unitarian Universalist As-sociation; United Auto Workers (UAW); United Community Center of West-chester, Inc.; United Food and Com-mercial Workers International Labor Union; United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 1445; United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied; Indus-trial and Services Workers Inter-national Union (USW); Washington State Budget & Policy Center; Wayne Action for Racial Equality; WeCount!; Werman Salas PC; West Virginia Cen-ter on Budget and Policy; Winebrake & Santillo, LLC. Wisconsin Alliance for Retired Ameri-cans; Wisconsin Alliance for Women’s Health; Wisconsin Coalition Against Sexual Assault; Wisconsin Community Program Association (WISCAP); Wis-consin Council of Churches; Wisconsin Faith Voices for Justice; Wisconsin Network for Peace, Justice, and Sus-tainability; Women Employed; Wom-en’s Law Project; Workers’ Center of Central New York; Workers Defense Project; Workers’ Rights Center of Madison WI; Workers’ Rights Project, Main Street Legal Services. Inc; Work-ing Families Party; Working Partner-ships USA; Workplace Fairness; Work-place Justice Project at Loyola College of Law Clinic; Worksafe; WV Citizen Action Group; Yezbak Law Offices. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, from 2001 to 2013, Wal-Mart was contracting with three warehouses in my community, and those warehouses contracted out their staffing to a company that was accused of committing egregious wage and hour law violations. Thanks to the FLSA joint employer standard, 1,700 warehouse workers were able to reach a $22 million settlement to collect the pay that they were owed from their employer. Under this bill, they would likely have gotten nothing. The questions we face today are: Will millions of workers, like the warehouse workers in my district, lose what little power they have left to fight against wage theft; will organized workers lose the basic right to bring all responsible parties to the table to collectively bar-gain for better wages and workplaces; will shrewd corporations be allowed to claim immunity from the laws that protect employees; and, most of all, will the people’s House stand with the people or stand with the corporations that continue to rig the economy against the American worker? Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to oppose H.R. 3441. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), the chair of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3441, and I want to commend our colleague, Mr. B
YRNE , for sponsoring this legisla-tion. I also want to commend Chair-woman F
OXXfor her leadership on this very important issue. I am proud to be an original cosponsor myself. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I have had the op-portunity to see firsthand how the Na-tional Labor Relations Board’s new joint employer standard threatens the ability of small-business owners to re-main independent and responsible for their own employees. At a Small Business Committee hear-ing last year, an Army combat veteran and small-business owner testified that: ‘‘Local business owners may ef-fectively be demoted from entre-preneur to middle manager, as they are gradually forced to forfeit operational control of the stores, clubs, inns, or restaurants that they built.’’ At the same hearing, another small- business owner testified that: ‘‘I would cease to be an independent small-busi-ness owner . . . ultimately, I would be-come a de facto employee of the cor-porate brand.’’ These are merely two examples of the consequences real American small- business owners face because of the de-cisions of Washington bureaucrats and activist judges. The Obama-era joint employer scheme threatens small busi-nesses, the engines of American eco-nomic growth. Small businesses, after all, create the majority of the new jobs in this Na-tion; they spur innovation. Enacting this legislation would help ensure continued freedom for Amer-ica’s best job creators. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3441. Passage of this legis-lation is necessary to restore certainty to America’s small-business owners and their employees so that they can continue to operate their businesses lo-cally and independently. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD two letters of op-position, one from the North America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.033 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8573 November 7, 2017 
Building Trades Unions, and one from the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America. 
NORTH AMERICA ’SBUILDING  T
RADES UNIONS , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 3 million skilled craft professionals who com-prise the 14 national and international unions of North America’s Building Trades Unions (NABTU), I urge your opposition to H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. If en-acted this piece of legislation would have a devastating impact on the construction in-dustry which is dependent upon a variety of contractor and subcontractor relationships. Unfortunately, many low road contractors in the construction industry are becoming increasingly skilled in shielding themselves from legal liabilities through layers of sub-contractors. Contractors use subcontractors or labor brokers that either pay their em-ployees off the books or intentionally misclassify them as 1099 subcontractors. When that is done, income taxes are not de-ducted, and Social Security and Medicare taxes are not paid, as well as unemployment contributions, workers’ compensation pre-mium and overtime. H.R. 3441 purports to save businesses by making it extremely difficult for the Na-tional Labor Relations Board (NLRB) and U.S. Department of Labor to find employers jointly liable for violations of the law. If en-acted it would have the unintended con-sequence of promoting a low road con-tracting model in which those who willfully commit labor violations are unaccountable, to the disadvantage of law-abiding employ-ers and their employees. This piece of legislation would further in-duce bad actors to perfect their efforts to un-dermine the labor standards in our industry, making it more challenging for American workers to achieve access to the middle class. It would also create a competitive dis-advantage to high road contractors who obey the law. As such, I strongly urge your oppo-sition to this harmful legislation. Sincerely, S
EANMCGARVEY , President. 
UNITED BROTHERHOOD OF CAR-
PENTERS AND JOINERS OF AMER-
ICA, Washington, DC, September 19, 2017. Re Opposition to HR 3441, the Save Local Business Act. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chair, Committee on Education and the Work-force, Washington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT C. S COTT, Ranking Member, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIR FOXX AND RANKING MEMBER  S
COTT: I write to respectfully express our op-position to HR 3441, the Save Local Business Act, because it will provide a safe haven for unscrupulous contractors in the construc-tion industry who use a system of sub-contractors to deliberately shield themselves from liability for abusing workers and steal-ing jobs away from law-abiding businesses, even as they knowingly profit from it. Regrettably, while most companies in the construction industry are legitimate, respon-sible employers, we are also home to many who excel in illegal employment practices. This fact is well known and widely acknowl-edged. The trend is for contractors to use subcontractors or labor brokers who either intentionally misclassify employees as inde-pendent contractors or, more often, pay em-ployees off the books. They find two benefits in their schemes. First, through violating wage, tax, immigration, workers’ compensa-tion and other employment laws, they can shave up to 30 percent off of their labor costs and underbid law-abiding businesses. Second, if laws are enforced, contractors use the sub-contract relationship as a shield against li-ability and replace offending subcontractors or labor brokers with others that will do the same. There is one vulnerability to their schemes. Under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) and National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) these contractors are frequently joint employers with their subcontractors or labor brokers. The contractors keep time, supply building materials, discharge work-ers, provide training and daily supervision. H.R. 3441 closes that door by making it ex-ceedingly difficult to find joint-employer li-ability. Under the bill, businesses cannot be joint employers unless they have direct, ac-tual and immediate control over the essen-tial terms and conditions of employment—a remarkable reversal of decades of law. More-over, a contractor and labor broker need only split up responsibility over essential terms, and joint employment is defeated. In-deed, it is arguable that under such an ar-rangement there may be no employer at all. It cannot be forgotten that construction contractors that scheme to cheat workers out of overtime, wages and the right to col-lective action also fail to comply with fed-eral and state employment tax laws. In Texas alone federal tax losses from cheating contractors has been estimated to cost the federal government over 81 billion. This is not to suggest that legitimate, law- abiding contractors should not use sub-contractors, or that there are not thousands of legitimate, law-abiding contractors and independent contractors across this country. But it must be recognized that abusive sub-contracting schemes as described above are also prevalent in our industry and that this bill would make it even harder to crack down on these illegal practices. Despite its name, HR 3441 is a blue print to violate the law and drive law-abiding em-ployers out of business and make it more dif-ficult for working men and women to reach the middle class. The law needs to protect workers and responsible businesses—not put them in jeopardy. Very truly yours, DOUGLAS J. M CCARRON , General President. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
COTT for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 3441, which is falsely called Save Local Business Act. The new name should be ‘‘Crush Local Workers Act.’’ I am happy to work with my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle. I look forward to helping small busi-nesses and helping them raise wages, but this bill does neither. It empowers corporations, and it depresses wages. Employers are relying more and more on subcontractors and permanent temporaries. These temporary staffing agencies employ around 3 million peo-ple. That is about one-fifth of all the new jobs created since 2009. I have fought to raise wages for over two decades for workers. This bill lets corporations keep wages low by sub-contracting out their work. They are subcontracting their conscience to put profits over people. This bill makes it nearly impossible for workers to hold temporary staffing agencies responsible for unfair labor practices or wage theft. It denies em-ployees a voice in the workplace. It prevents workers from joining unions, collective bargaining, which go ulti-mately to help raise wages. We should be lifting workers’ wages up, not trying to crush them. I will remind our colleagues that, from 1930 to 1984, the courts were the ones who were making these joint em-ployer decisions, and it was Ronald Reagan’s administration who first made this change. It was the Reagan administration who first made this change. The Obama administration brought it back to where it was, yet, appar-ently, people are forgetting those very important facts. Mr. Speaker, that is why I urge my colleagues to vote against this crush local workers act. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. ROE), the distinguished chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. Mr. Speaker, this debate boils down to whether we want local entrepreneur-ship and community engagement through the franchise model or a one- size-fits-all, top-down model. When I served as chairman of the HELP Subcommittee, we heard testi-mony about the effect of this new joint employer standard from Mr. Ed Braddy, who owns a Burger King in inner-city Baltimore. Many of the men Mr. Braddy hires to work at his store have had a run-in with the criminal justice system, and several of the women he hires has been on some form of government assistance. He hires people to give them an op-portunity at a better life, as he de-scribed it. If the new joint employer standard proceeds, the Burger King corporation will be liable for many of the hiring de-cisions that are made by Mr. Braddy. Why would we expect any corporation to know a community better than someone like Mr. Braddy, who grew up there? Shouldn’t we expect that a cor-porate entity would be more risk averse and less likely to give people a second chance? Think about the incredible story Mr. Braddy has to tell. He dropped out of high school in the 11th grade before re-turning when his life was headed in the wrong direction, according to him. He joined the Baltimore Police Depart-ment, and then he began working in a Burger King. After the first Burger King he owned closed, he ultimately re-joined Burger King and purchased his current store. What is remarkable is when Balti-more experienced unrest several years ago, Mr. Braddy’s store was at the epi-center, his neighbors stood outside to protect it from being destroyed, and his was one of the only restaurants open for business the next day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.091 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8574 November 7, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, if this is not the Amer-ican Dream, I don’t know what is. On a recent trip that our conference took there, including the chairwoman, we dined with Mr. Braddy at his res-taurant in Baltimore. He was a wonder-ful host, I might add. Joint employer isn’t just about res-taurants. Hotel owners, fitness compa-nies, movers, tutoring services, jani-torial services, and the list goes on and on, anyone who franchises their busi-ness is affected by this ruling. I am pleased the Labor Department is reviewing this standard, but this can’t be a constantly changing stand-ard while long-term damage is done to local entrepreneurship. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the joint employer standard that protects workers and allows the franchise model to flourish. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, could you advise us as to how much time is remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 13
1⁄2minutes. The gentle-woman from North Carolina has 15 minutes. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  page 50 of the committee report, which outlines the exchange with Mr. Braddy, which suggests that the franchisors do not become joint employers under the present law. 
In an exchange between Representative Guthrie and Ed Braddy, a Burger King franchisee testifying on behalf of the Inter-national Franchise Association, Mr. Braddy was asked: Representative Guthrie: Do you or do [sic] the franchisor hire and fire and determine the work of your employees? Mr. Braddy: I schedule interviews every other Wednesday. I sit down with eight peo-ple every other Wednesday. Even though I am not hiring, I do the interviews because I always like to have a waiting list of people who want to work. So I do all the hiring. I don’t allow my managers or my assistants to terminate anyone because I want to make sure that once I let someone go it is for a good reason. Mr. Guthrie: But it is you as the business owner, not the—what role does the franchisor play in any of your—those issues? Mr. Braddy: None at all. Based on this testimony, nothing in the Browning Ferris decision could establish that these franchisors are exercising suffi-cient control to be deemed a joint employer with their respective fanchisees. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the ranking member of the Labor-Health and Human Services Appropriations Subcommittee. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill, which would overturn the National Labor Re-lations Board’s joint employer deci-sion. It will make it harder for working people to hold employers accountable for abuses, including making it harder to bring Equal Pay Act claims. In 2015, the National Labor Relations Board ruled in their Browning-Ferris decision that a company can be held liable for labor violations by other em-ployers they contract with. This definition of joint employers re-flects the reality that subcontractors in the workforce face today. In fact, ac-cording to the Economic Policy Insti-tute: ‘‘The most rigorous recent esti-mates find that the share of workers being subcontracted out was 15.8 per-cent in late 2015. In today’s labor mar-ket, that translates into roughly 24 million workers.’’ The bill we are debating today would fly in the face of the 2015 decision, un-dermining employee protections. This bill would create a more narrow and restrictive definition of a joint em-ployer; it would limit workers’ ability to hold employers responsible for viola-tions under the National Labor Rela-tions Act, such as attempts to stop col-lective bargaining; or the Fair Labor Standards Act, such as wage theft, equal pay violations. Let me talk about what this would mean in just one area: pay discrimina-tion. Pay discrimination in the work-place is real; it is happening every-where. b1715 Pay inequity does not just affect women; it affects children, families, and our economy as a whole. That is because women in this country are the sole or co-breadwinners in half of the families with children. The biggest problem facing our Na-tion today is that families are not making enough to live on. They are not being paid enough in the jobs that they have. Closing the wage gap would help to address that problem. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield the gentlewoman from Connecticut an ad-ditional 1 minute. Ms. DELAURO. Why would we further undermine a worker’s ability to bring pay discrimination cases against their employer? We must stand with work-ers, defend the current definition of joint employers. To those who claim that joint em-ployer status is burdensome or con-fusing for companies, let me just ask you: What about the burden on mil-lions of Americans who are experi-encing pay disparity and pay discrimi-nation? I urge my colleagues, reject this bill. Take a stand for equal pay, for equal work. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from our labor leaders reject-ing H.R. 3441. 
JULY28, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the under-signed unions representing millions of Amer-ican workers, are writing to urge you to not support H.R. 3441, the joint employer bill in-troduced by Representatives Bradley Byrne and Chairwoman Virginia Foxx of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, which would eliminate the National Labor Relation Board’s (NLRB) decision in Brown-ing-Ferris, and greatly restrict the definition of employer under the Fair Labor Standards Act. Congress should be working to strength-en the rights of working people and raise wages. The legislation would accomplish the opposite. Over the past few decades, the middle class has been struggling to stay afloat. As wages have often been stagnant or declining, more and more companies have used middlemen from staffing agencies, labor contractors and to subcontractors to maintain low wages, avoid accountability and prevent a large per-centage of workers from organizing. It is im-portant that when workers try to remedy il-legal employment practices or organize to join a union that the party calling the shots is at the table and part of the remedy. And indeed, the current state of the law under both under the National Labor Relations Act and the FSLA balances the interests of workers and employers by requiring a fact specific inquiry to determine whether or not there is a joint employer relationship. This bill seeks to legislate around a cen-tury of consistent case law and established joint employer standards in labor and em-ployment law. It redefines the term ’em-ployer’ so narrowly that many workers will have no remedy when their employers vio-late their union rights or wage laws. The legislation would overturn the Brown-ing Ferris NLRB decision, a case which found a joint employer relationship between Browning Ferris and Leadpoint their subcon-tractor. In this case, Browning-Ferris, Inc. (BFI), the employer, controlled the speed of the conveyor belt where employees of con-tractor Leadpoint sorted materials, prohib-ited Leadpoint from raising wages above a specified cap without BFI’s permission, and determined the shift times and the number of people on shifts. Since Leadpoint was un-able to negotiate these employment terms among others without BFI approval, the NLRB found BFI must be at the bargaining table along with its subcontractor in order for the union to negotiate a meaningful col-lective bargaining agreement. The decision was fact specific and in keeping with the re-alities of today’s workplace. Further, the bill would drastically change the definition of employment relationships under the FLSA which recognizes that more than one business can be an employer. Cur-rently, under the FLSA employers cannot hide behind labor contractors or franchisees, when they set critical conditions of employ-ment. Because the Migrant and Seasonal Ag-ricultural Worker Protection Act refers to the definition of ‘‘employ’’ in the FLSA, this bill will also impact farm workers seeking to redress wage theft and other employment abuses. It is the FLSA definition of employ that has allowed workers to effectively en-force child labor and other laws and to effec-tively address sweatshops for decades. Today, it is this definition that offers work-ers hope that when they organize for a union and better wages that the party that can ac-tually effectuate change is at the table. We urge you to weigh the interests of workers and stand with them in opposing legislation that would rollback the NLRB’s decision and restrict workers’ rights under the law. Sincerely, INTERNATIONAL  B
ROTHERHOOD OF  T
EAMSTERS ( IBT). S
ERVICE EMPLOYEES  I
NTERNATIONAL UNION (SEIU). U
NITED AUTOMOBILE , A
EROSPACE AND  A
GRICULTURAL  I
MPLEMENT WORKERS OF  A
MERICA (UAW). U
NITED FARMWORKERS OF  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.092 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8575 November 7, 2017 
AMERICA (UFW). U
NITED FOOD& C
OMMERCIAL WORKERS  I
NTERNATIONAL UNION (UFCW). U
NITED STEELWORKERS  (USW). 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. Too often, under the previous admin-istration, radical policy shifts were taken by unelected bureaucrats and ac-tivist judges, which harmed our soci-ety. An example of this was in 2015, when the National Labor Relations Board decided to unilaterally change a longstanding definition of what con-stitutes an employer-employee rela-tionship. That changed the definition of a joint employer from an employer that has ‘‘actual, direct, or immediate’’ control over the terms and conditions of employment to someone who has ‘‘potential’’ or ‘‘indirect’’ control. It should be obvious to you who your em-ployer is. It is the one who hired you and who signs your paycheck. As Chairwoman F
OXXsaid in a recent op-ed: ‘‘When you have a hammer, ev-erything looks like a nail.’’ That is so true for so many in Washington. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill because it defines joint em-ployer in a commonsense way in order to do away with the current, con-voluted status. This bill will also pre-vent future overreach from bureau-crats, and allows businessowners to manage their own businesses. Mr. SCOTT of Virgina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 3441, cripples the right to bargain for better wages and conditions when workers have joint employers. By narrowing the definition of a joint employer, this bill deprives thousands of workers of their right to negotiate with the par-ties that really exercise control over their wages and conditions; and by un-dermining collective bargaining, this bill suppresses wages. One of the biggest problems, if not the biggest problem in the economy today, has been the lack of wage growth over the last decade to two dec-ades. This bill will not improve that problem. It will take an existing prob-lem and make it worse. Today, workers are under a direct threat from reckless, misleading legis-lation like this; and that, ultimately, will do nothing to improve their wages, improve their benefits, or improve their working conditions. Let’s reject this bill and, instead, dis-cuss and debate and craft legislation that can improve workers’ wages. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY ). Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman F
OXX and Subcommittee Chairman BYRNE  for bringing forth this important legis-lation, the Save Local Business Act. Construction is a major employer in the U.S. economy, with over 6 million employees, 650,000 employers, creating over $1 trillion worth of construction every year. Building a project involves a complex web of subcontractors, vendors, and consultants all working together in a spirit of teamwork to accomplish a dif-ficult task. I have been in this business for 40 years. The general contractor has to put control terms in its subcontracts and purchase orders to make sure that the subcontractors and vendors execute the work safely, on schedule, and in co-ordination with the other trades on the project. Lastly, they have to follow all the fitness-for-duty provisions to make sure that they pass drug tests and deal with smoking and health safety issues like that. These requirements run right into this Browning-Ferris standard. There is no way that you could follow the lit-eral words of those court cases and this horrible Obama rule and not have the argument made to you that all these subs and vendors are part of a common enterprise. Now employers, including myself and my employees, are left in a big quan-dary as to their status under Browning- Ferris, under the Obama rule. I can see a scenario where a batch plant located clear across town from a construction project could have a hazardous waste problem. Because of this ridiculous rule, my job or someone else’s job using that batch plant to supply con-crete could be linked to them. How per-verse is that? So the Save Local Business Act will fix this abuse and be beneficial not only to the American economy, but to the safety and well-being of American workers. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this practical fix to this egregious action, and I thank Chairman B
YRNE  for introducing this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virgina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill, which basically says companies should be protected, not workers. Imagine, when a firm is jointly owned and operated by the Chinese or the Mexicans or the El Salvadorans, where workers’ rights are never pro-tected. Worker protections in America have long accounted for the reality that the company who writes the check isn’t al-ways the company that controls work-place conditions, but if they share con-trol over workplace conditions, they should be held jointly responsible for violations. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the United Auto Workers talking about the parts industry. INTERNATIONAL UNION, U NITED  A
UTOMOBILE , AEROSPACE & A GRI-
CULTURAL IMPLEMENT WORKERS  
OFAMERICA —UAW, Washington, DC, November 7, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the more than one million active and retired members of the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Im-plement Workers of America (UAW), I strongly urge you to oppose H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Business Act.’’ This ill-con-ceived bill would make it more difficult for workers to join together and collectively bargain to improve working conditions and raise living standards. This is a bad bill for working people because it would make it even easier for businesses to replace full time jobs with precarious temporary em-ployment. H.R. 3441 overturns long established case law and joint employer standards found in labor and employment law. It does this by redefining the term ‘employer’ in a way that would make it nearly impossible for workers to hold their employers accountable when their rights are violated. Disturbingly, businesses and large corpora-tions throughout our economy have avoided responsibility to their employees by hiding behind staffing agencies to claim they are not technically their employer. The net re-sult for working people has been lower wages and fewer job protections. For example, within the auto parts manufacturing sector, the National Employment Law Project (NELP) estimates that temporary workers earn, on average, 29% less than direct em-ployees of manufacturers. We have seen how, in the automotive sector, multinational cor-porations often hire temporary workers, who work side by side, doing the same job, for years, with full time workers and earning significantly less. H.R. 3441 would also overturn the National Labor Relations Board’s (NLRB) in Brown-ing-Ferris. The Browning-Ferris decision was good for working families because it estab-lished that workers could negotiate with their true employer under fact specific cir-cumstances. In that case, a subcontractor for Browning-Ferris Industries (BFI), Leadpoint, was unable to negotiate several basic em-ployment terms without permission from BFI. The NLRB sensibly found that BFI must be at the bargaining table along with its subcontractor Leadpoint. Under the terms of this bill, that would not be the case when similar disputes arise in the future. Economic inequality and a shortage of good paying jobs has hurt working people and our economy for decades. Unfortunately, H.R. 3441 would make a bad situation worse. Congress should reject this bill and instead work to create more jobs you can sustain a family on. Sincerely, J
OSHNASSAR , Legislative Director. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, there couldn’t be a more dangerous industry to work in. Do you want to put some of these foreign companies in charge of worker safety in those places? Not I. I have seen too many mangled bodies in places around the world that tell me no. I am for workers being protected as well as the interests of corporations. Today’s action eliminates 80 years of safeguards, safeguards on joint em-ployer responsibility. What does that mean? It means that a company that subcontracts or fran-chises work to save a buck can shield 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.036 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8576 November 7, 2017 
itself when workers aren’t paid fair wages or are denied basic employment rights. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virgina. I yield the gentlewoman from Ohio an additional 30 seconds. Ms. KAPTUR. Small businesses and workers suffer while large corporate in-terests escape accountability. Mr. Speaker, it is time we pass laws that help American workers. Wouldn’t that be a sea change in this country? I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge support for H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. I spent my career in business, so I know how damaging uncertainty is for businesses. Job creators need a clear understanding of the rules; otherwise, businesses and employees suffer and our economy suffers. In yet another incident of unelected bureaucrats overreaching their author-ity, the NLRB redefined the rule defin-ing joint employers which had been in place for 30 years. Unfortunately, I was not surprised. The NLRB created a maze of uncer-tainty. Basic business decisions man-aged between employers and employees are now put into turmoil by the NLRB redefining what an employer is. The Save Local Business Act would roll back a convoluted joint employer scheme, restore a commonsense defini-tion of employer, and protect workers and local employees who are most like-ly to be impacted by yet another con-fusing Federal rule. I urge support of the bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virgina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, once again the Republican majority is offering a bill that would harm work-ing families. It has nothing to do with saving local businesses, small busi-nesses, and has everything to do with limiting workers’ rights and taking away workers’ wages. Between 2005 and 2015, 94 percent of net job growth was in alternative work like temporary, contract, and on-call jobs. This isn’t our parents’ workplace anymore, where one employer sets the rules and pays the wages. Today, a cor-poration can set workplace rules while a temp agency or subcontractor pays the wages. Today’s workers need to be able to bargain with both and to hold each accountable for labor law viola-tions. Instead, this bill moves us backward. It would prevent working men and women from bargaining for better wages and benefits and safer working conditions with the corporations that have decisionmaking power over their workplace. It would allow corporations to rob working women and men of their earned wages without giving those workers the right to recover. The an-nual cost of wage theft is estimated at $50 billion this year. It would immunize bad corporate ac-tors and put small and big businesses who respect their workers at a com-petitive disadvantage. This bill is a bad deal, and workers know it. I include in the RECORD a letter from the AFL–CIO and its 12 million mem-bers. If you support better wages and bet-ter jobs, vote ‘‘no’’ on this bad bill. 
AFL–CIO Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. L
EGISLATIVE ALERT  D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 12 million working women and men represented by the unions of the AFL–CIO, I am writing to urge you to oppose H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Business Act.’’ Proponents of the legislation claim that it is designed to repeal the National Labor Re-lations Board’s (NLRB’s) 2015 decision in Browning Ferris Industries, in which the NLRB clarified its legal test for determining whether two employers are joint employers of certain employees. In fact, H.R. 3441 rolls back worker protections so they are weaker than when Congress adopted the National Labor Relations Act in 1935 and the Fair Labor Standards Act in 1938. It is harmful legislation that will undermine workers’ pay and protections on the job. Browning Ferris concerned a group of workers on a recycling line at a facility owned and operated by Browning Ferris. The workers were supplied by a staffing agency— Leadpoint. Browning Ferris controlled the facility, set the hours of operation, dictated the speed of the recycling line, indirectly su-pervised the line workers, and had authority over numerous other conditions of employ-ment. In order to ensure that the employees’ right to form a union and bargain over work-place issues was protected, the NLRB held that Browning Ferris was a joint employer of the line workers along with Leadpoint. This fact-intensive decision reflected the realities of the arrangement at Browning Ferris and was rightly decided in order for the line workers to have a meaningful right to bar-gain over their terms and conditions of em-ployment. Before the ink was dry on the Browning- Ferris decision, business groups and Repub-licans in Congress began attacking the deci-sion, claiming it dramatically changed the law and undermined the franchise business model. (Browning Ferris is not a franchise case, a fact specifically noted by the NLRB in its decision). In our view, these attacks on the Browning Ferris decision are overblown and misguided. In today’s fragmented workplaces, with perma-temps, contracted workers, agency employees, and subcontracting becoming ever more prevalent, it is more important than ever to make sure our laws protect workers and ensure they receive the wages they are due and that their right to join with their co-workers to bargain for improve-ments on the job is protected. H.R. 3441 takes the law in the opposite di-rection, radically changing both the Na-tional Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act by instituting a new test for finding employers to be joint em-ployers that is more restrictive than any agency or court has ever adopted. As a prac-tical matter, the legislation eliminates joint employment from the NLRA and the Fair Labor Standards Act, meaning that many workers in subcontracting or staffing agency arrangements will be left without recourse for wage theft and will have no meaningful bargaining rights. The bill weakens worker protections and allows corporations to evade their responsibilities under the law. We urge you to reject this harmful and misguided proposal. Sincerely, WILLIAM SAMUEL , Director, Government Affairs Department. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ). Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. I have heard from employers across my district in many industries—agri-culture, higher ed, staffing agencies, hospitality, and construction—about this issue. Under the flawed NLRB standard, not only employers are con-fused, but employees, as well, have lit-tle certainty as to their status with multiple employers. Mr. Speaker, for 25 years, I owned and operated a construction company in Lancaster County, and we were oper-ated as subcontractors. Back then, the employer-employee relationship was clear. There was no question about which employer was responsible for each employee. The Browning-Ferris decision creates confusion about who works for whom, discouraging many larger contractors from giving small subcontractors a job for fear of increased liability. Mr. Speaker, had that existed when I was growing a company, it would have made it more difficult to expand our business and create more jobs in our community. The Browning-Ferris decision was po-litically motivated and upended a dec-ades-old standard that worked very well among employers and employees. According to the HR Policy Associa-tion, litigation regarding the joint em-ployer standard is at a record high. This decision, Mr. Speaker, has been a jackpot for trial lawyers. It is time Congress takes action to provide clarity for the thousands of businesses, both large and small, who are ready to expand and create jobs. The Save Local Business Act will pro-vide this clarity, and I urge my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation. Mr. SCOTT of Virgina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, yes, there is now uncertainty about the def-inition of joint employer. This uncer-tainty has the potential to undermine the franchise model, which has given so many Americans the opportunity to own a business and create millions of jobs. But this bill goes too far in nar-rowing the joint employer definition and also applying it to the Fair Labor Standards Act. We need to ensure that workers are treated fairly and compa-nies are held accountable, but I am afraid this bill could weaken that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.096 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8577 November 7, 2017 
While I will be voting against this bill, it is important to recognize that there is a real issue here. We need to find a compromise. So no matter how we vote today, I urge my colleagues to listen to the concerns of businessowners in their districts be-cause their success is critical to our long-term job growth. b1730 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, before launching into specific comments on this bill, I would like to correct some misconceptions that we heard earlier today. We just heard a lady from Illinois mention that she felt this bill would put employers who respect workers at a competitive disadvantage. All good employers know that respecting work-ers puts you at a competitive advan-tage, and I think it is very wrong that anybody would imply that you are ad-vantaged by not respecting your work-ers. So I want to clarify that. The second thing I want to clarify is, earlier we had somebody talk about temporary workers. Now, temporary workers make less money. It is true with temporary workers, you have a middleman who takes the money off the top, and that is unfortunate. But you have to realize that the reason we have more temporary workers is we make it harder and harder to be an em-ployer in the first place. Whenever you make it harder and harder to be an em-ployer, you force more employers to hire temporary employees so they don’t have to be employers in the first place. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, now, on with this bill. One of the tragedies we have had in America is the dis-appearance of small businesses in America. We had more and more big businesses, you know, big conglom-erates. One of the ways you can still be a small business is being a franchisee in which you control your own destiny and are able to respect your workers in your own way. We have to pass this bill to prevent the end—or the practical end of the ability to be your own businessowner by controlling or setting your own con-tract terms with your own employees. And more than any other reason, that is why I back this bill. I like that we have so many small-business men out there on their own on the franchisor- franchisee model. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) for yielding me this time, and I thank him for his leadership on behalf of the America workers. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 3441. Because of the modern use of temporary staff-ing agencies and subcontractors, the National Labor Relations Board has properly defined the term ‘‘joint em-ployer’’ as two or more businesses who codetermine or share control over a worker’s terms of employment, such as rate of pay or work schedule. If enacted, H.R. 3441 would cripple workers’ rights to collectively bargain or seek redress when workers are found to have joint employers. The oppor-tunity to collectively bargain over wages and conditions of employment is diminished if some parties that control employment are given the option to refuse to bargain and avoid liability as employers. As a result, this bill will open the door to widespread wage theft and equal-pay violations, and it will harm workers across the United States. Some of my Republicans continue to argue that H.R. 3441 will provide sta-bility for workers. As a former union president and as a labor attorney deal-ing with issues before the National Labor Relations Board, I urge my col-leagues to stand with the American worker and oppose this disastrous bill. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON ), our distinguished col-league. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Save Local Business Act. I have heard from dozens of businesses and employees in my dis-trict that have faced uncertainty under the expanded joint employer definition, which threatens job creation, it in-creases costs, and discourages entre-preneurs from opening up new busi-nesses. The National Labor Relations Board’s decision ignored decades of set-tled labor policy by changing the joint employer definition and putting all businesses and their workers at risk. We should be making America the most competitive place in the world to do business, not saddling our job cre-ators with unnecessary and confusing regulations. This bill would take the right step to reinstate sound, widely accepted stand-ards, and I urge all of my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining for both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 4 minutes re-maining, and the gentlewoman from North Carolina has 7
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), the rank-ing member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
COTT for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the so-called Save Local Business Act. This administration and this Congress have already weakened workplace pro-tections that keep Americans safe from discrimination at their jobs, and make sure that they receive fair pay and pro-vide additional opportunities to save for a secure retirement. Joint employer provisions make sure that employers cannot escape liability for violating worker protection laws. This standard makes our laws on over-time pay, on safe workplaces, on min-imum wage enforceable. What this bill does not do is turn franchisors into employers unless they act like employers. I spent years as a lawyer representing franchisees, and I know this won’t turn franchisors into employers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from the Signatory Wall and Ceiling Contractors Alliance. They op-pose this bill because it would put law- abiding small businesses at a competi-tive disadvantage with unscrupulous companies that don’t respect worker’s rights and don’t pay workers the wages they have earned. 
SIGNATORY WALL AND  C
EILING CONTRACTORS ALLIANCE , S
AINT PAUL, MN, October 5, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER AND LEADER PELOSI : I am writing on behalf of the Signatory Wall and Ceiling Contractors Alliance (SWACCA) to express our strong opposition to H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Business Act.’’ This legisla-tion will not benefit honest small businesses that create good jobs with family-sustaining wages and benefits. It will actually place such employers at a permanent competitive disadvantage to unscrupulous companies that seek to thrive solely at the expense of their workers and taxpayer-funded social safety-net programs. SWACCA is a national alliance of wall and ceiling contractors committed to working in partnership with our workers and our cus-tomers to provide the highest-quality, most efficient construction services. Through the superior training, skill, and efficiency of our workers SWACCA contractors are able to provide both cost-effective construction services and middle class jobs with health and retirement benefits. Our organization prides itself on representing companies that accept responsibility for paying fair wages, abiding by health and safety standards, workers compensation laws, and unemploy-ment insurance requirements. Unfortunately, however, we increasingly find ourselves bidding against companies that seek to compete solely on the basis of labor costs. They do so by relieving them-selves of the traditional obligations associ-ated with being an employer. The news is lit-tered with examples of contractors who have sought to reduce costs by willfully violating the laws governing minimum wage, over-time, workers compensation unemployment insurance, and workplace safety protections. The key to this disturbing business model is a cadre of labor brokers who claim to provide a company with an entire workforce that fol-lows them to job after job. It is a workforce that the actual wall or ceiling contractor controls as a practical matter, but for which it takes no legal responsibility. In this model workers receive no benefits, are rarely cov-ered by workers compensation or unemploy-ment insurance, and are frequently not paid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.097 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8578 November 7, 2017 
in compliance with federal and state wage laws. The joint employment doctrine is an important means for forcing these unscrupu-lous contractors to compete on a level play-ing field and to be held accountable for the unlawful treatment of the workers they uti-lize. As an association representing large, me-dium, and small businesses, we oppose H.R. 3441 because it proposes a radical, unprece-dented re-definition of joint employment under both the FLSA and the NLRA that goes far beyond reversing the standard ar-ticulated by the NLRB in Browning-Ferris or returning to any concept of joint employ-ment that has ever existed under the FLSA since the Act’s passage. H.R. 3441’s radical and unprecedented redefinition of joint em-ployment would proliferate the use of fly-by- night labor brokers by ensuring that no con-tractor using a workforce provided by a labor broker would ever be deemed a joint employer. This is because the bill precludes a finding of joint employment unless a com-pany controls each ‘‘of the essential terms and conditions of employment (including hiring employees, discharging employees, de-termining individual employee rates of pay and benefits, day-to-day supervision of em-ployees, assigning individual work schedules, positions and tasks, and administering em-ployee discipline)’’. H.R. 3441 goes further by expressly countenancing a company using labor brokers retaining control of the essen-tial aspects of the workers’ employment in a ‘‘limited and routine manner’’ without fac-ing any risk of being a joint employer. Simply put, H.R. 3441 would create a stand-ard that would surely accelerate a race to the bottom in the construction industry and many other sectors of the economy. It would further tilt the field of competition against honest, ethical businesses. Any concerns about the prior administration’s recently-re-scinded interpretative guidance on joint em-ployment under the FLSA or the NLRB’s joint employment doctrine enunciated in Browning-Ferris can be addressed in a far more responsible manner. Make no mistake, H.R. 3441 does not return the law to any prior precedents or standards. It creates a radical, new standard. This standard will help unethical employers get rich not by cre-ating more value, but instead by ensuring their ability to treat American workers as a permanent pool of low-wage, subcontracted labor that has neither benefits nor any meaningful recourse against them under our nation’s labor and employment laws. On behalf of the membership of SWACCA, thank you in advance for your attention to our concerns about this legislation. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or require additional informa-tion. Sincerely, T
IMOTHY J. W IES, President. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would leave workers behind and would give a free pass to unscrupu-lous companies that violate labor laws. Please oppose this legislation. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. B
RAT). Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to enthusiastically support H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. This bill will return clarity and certainty to all businesses. Small-business owners all around Virginia’s Seventh Congres-sional District have been asking for tax and regulatory relief that will free them from the tyranny of government control. Take, for example, two employers in my district: a home care franchisee called BrightStar Care of Richmond, and a daycare center called Rainbow Station at the Boulders. Mark Grasser, president of BrightStar Care, had this to say to me about the unworkable joint employer standard: ‘‘We have a franchisor who wants to work with a franchisee to pro-vide services. Unfortunately, that is not possible because that would violate the current joint employer standard. This ends up hurting everyone in the process. This standard is forcing em-ployers and employees to make deci-sions that are not best for everyone in-volved, but what is best to satisfy gov-ernment.’’ John Sims, the owner of Rainbow Station at the Boulders, similarly said this: ‘‘Having the proposed standard re-versed allows small businesses like mine to thrive, knowing exactly where everyone stands.’’ I am happy to report that the House is taking a bold step forward on defend-ing businesses and workers today. The vague and convoluted joint employer scheme enacted in the Browning-Ferris decision under the Obama administra-tion’s National Labor Relations Board has caused employers and employees harm. Decades before the radical NLRB overturned what worked, businesses and employees knew the rules and thrived. It is time to roll the govern-ment back and return to what worked. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ). Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Save Local Business Act, legislation that will protect our small business op-erations and end harmful and excessive government overreach. For 30 years, small businesses oper-ated successfully under a joint em-ployer policy that was fair, stable, and crystal clear. Unfortunately, in 2015, the National Labor Relations Board, under the previous administration, de-cided to insert itself and overcom-plicate the important employer-em-ployee relationship. The unelected bu-reaucrats at the NLRB stifled small businesses when they decided to step in and blur the lines of responsibility. Sadly, our working families were im-pacted when the NLRB decided to em-power labor union special interests. The last thing our independent businessowners need is more govern-ment red tape that will prevent them from reaching their full potential. The NLRB’s expanded joint employer scheme discourages large companies from doing business with our smaller local companies. The effects are incred-ibly far-reaching. The expanded joint employer rule harms countless indus-tries across the country, particularly small franchisees, construction compa-nies, and service providers. For example, ServiceMaster, a global company with more than 33,000 em-ployees, has chosen to locate its head-quarters in Memphis, Tennessee. A great deal of my constituents work for ServiceMaster Franchise Service Group, and the NLRB rule change has put their job security in jeopardy. We have all heard concerns from our constituents, and now we can do some-thing to get government off our backs. We must look out for hardworking Americans and roll back these oppres-sive job-killing rules. I am pleased that the Save Local Business Act will undo this unreasonable regulatory burden, and I thank Congressman BYRNE for his leadership in this effort. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ), another distinguished member from the committee. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support Congressman B
YRNE ’s important legislation, the Save Local Business Act. As a small-business owner myself for over 40 years, I know how difficult it can be to wade through Federal, State, and local red tape. Sometimes it feels like the government is against growing your business. The Obama administra-tion expanded the joint employer standard under the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act, blurring the lines of responsi-bility for decisions affecting the daily operations of many local businesses. According to the American Action Forum, the joint employer scheme could have resulted in 1.7 million fewer jobs. Luckily, President Trump is a job creator, so he knows a job-killing regu-lation when he sees one. Earlier this summer, his administration rescinded this terrible rule. However, we have to make sure no bureaucrat is empowered to redefine a joint employer standard again. Small- business owners are already facing an uphill battle. We should not be threat-ening the freedoms of independent businesses, owners, and entrepreneurs, making it even harder for them to achieve the American Dream. That is why I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I understand my colleague from Virginia is prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, this bill will undermine employees’ ability to secure recourse for unfair labor prac-tices and wage theft when there should be a joint employer. It undermines the workers’ freedom to negotiate for bet-ter wages in return for their work. It inflicts damage to prime contractors who play by the rules and are forced to compete against unscrupulous other employers who save money by failing to pay wages. And it exposes franchisees to liabilities they should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.038 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8579 November 7, 2017 
not have to shoulder alone because it allows franchisors to exercise more control over franchisees without incur-ring any liability. Mr. Speaker, therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is a no- brainer. Today, Congress has a chance to stand up for jobs, opportunity, and local businesses in each of our dis-tricts. This legislation rolls back an unworkable joint employer policy that is hurting both workers and employers. Contrary to some of the misleading rhetoric we have heard today, nothing in this bill undermines worker protec-tions. In fact, the bill ensures workers know exactly who their employer is under Federal law. I urge all Members to do what is best for the workers and local job creators in their district by voting in favor of H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3441. The right of workers to collectively bargain under the National Labor Relations Act is es-sential for them to secure fair wages and working conditions. For workers to be able to bargain effectively they have to have someone across the table to bargain with, the party or parties that control their hours, wages, bene-fits and work environment. Negotiation with themselves would be a futile exercise. H.R. 3441 would eviscerate the definition of an employer to the point that not only might the true employer not have to come to the table but it might be possible that no employer would have to come to the table. Current joint employer standards take into account modern hiring trends, where about three million people work for temporary staff-ing agencies, working for companies that do not directly pay them, and ensure employee protections. The recent NLRB General Counsel deter-mination in Freshii—where a restaurant franchisor with over 100 stores was not held to be a joint employer because its control over its franchisees was generally limited to brand standards and food quality and did not exer-cise control of the terms and conditions of em-ployment of its franchisee’s employees—illus-trates the pathway available to franchisors. I am concerned that this legislation actually harms franchisees by making them respon-sible for decisions dictated by their franchisors. I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 3441. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act, and the 1.7 million jobs it would save on enactment. This common-sense legislation, which I co-sponsored, restores the proper relationship which served small business owners for dec-ades—providing stability for employers and employees. By enacting this legislation, small business owners in Northern Virginia can again exercise control over the operations of their business rather than dealing with additional legal com-plexity layered on by the National Labor Rela-tions Board. With all members’ support for this legislation to help Main Street, Congress can correct the misdirected regulatory policies of the past which were overly harmful for business opera-tors, restrictive on entrepreneurs, and resulted in increased cost’s for consumers. There are over 2,000 locally owned fran-chise businesses in my district. After hearing the concerns of many of them at Abrakadoodle headquarters in Sterling this past year, I am proud to stand up for these job creators and support this legislation today. I will continue to advocate for policies which promote local ownership and control—and permit my constituents to strive for the Amer-ican dream. I urge my colleagues to do the same—sup-port the rule and vote in favor of the under-lying bill, H.R. 3441. I commend the distinguished gentleman from Alabama, Mr. B
YRNE , and the Committee on Education and the Workforce for their work on this great bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
USSELL ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to House Resolution 607, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1745 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. BONAMICI. I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Bonamici moves to recommit the bill, H.R. 3441, to the Committee on Education and the Workforce with instructions to re-port the bill back to the House forthwith with the following amendments: Page 3, line 21, strike the closed quotation marks and following period and after such line insert the following: ‘‘(C) Subparagraph (B) shall not apply when a franchisee takes an action at the di-rection of a franchisor, and such action by the franchisee violates this Act, in which case the franchisor shall be considered a joint employer for purposes of such viola-tion.’’. Page 4, line 7, strike the closed quotation marks and following period and after such line insert the following: ‘‘(3) Paragraph (2) shall not apply when a franchisee takes an action at the direction of a franchisor, and such action by the franchisee violates this Act, in which case the franchisor shall be considered a joint em-ployer for purposes of such violation.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are debating today is another assault on hard-working Americans who are des-perately trying to put food on the table for their families, scrape together enough money to pay for child care, and have a roof over their heads. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle are saying that they need this bill to save local businesses. We all support local businesses in our commu-nity. But my colleagues suggest that unless they pass this law, franchisors will become joint employers. Well, if they act like franchisors and control brands and standards, and they don’t do things like hire, fire, and supervise the franchisees’ employees, they won’t be. In other words, if they act like a franchisor and not an employer, they won’t be considered a joint employer. In fact, this bill could actually harm franchisees and take away their inde-pendence because it would allow franchisors to indirectly control the labor relations of its franchisees, but be insulated from liability for viola-tions that might arise from that con-trol. Now, my amendment would require that if a franchisor directs a franchisee to take an unlawful action that would violate labor laws, then the franchisor shall be considered a joint employer for the purpose of the violation. In other words, if a franchisor acts like an employer, then they should be held accountable for their actions as an employer. Workers must be able to get their hard-earned overtime pay and the wages they are owed. This is common sense. This motion would protect small businesses, promote the independence of franchisees, and, importantly, cure the defect in the bill that insulates franchisors from liability for exer-cising control over their franchisees’ labor or employment relations. Mr. Speaker, this legislation cur-rently is an attack on workers’ rights. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this motion is just another attempt to ignore the real damage caused by the NLRB’s ex-panded and unworkable joint employer standard which continues to hurt local businessowners and their workers. Let’s not get distracted by this mo-tion. Instead, let’s focus on the bipar-tisan solution which is pending: H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act, which simply restores a commonsense definition of employer to provide cer-tainty and stability for workers and employers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on the Save Local Business Act, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.100 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8580 November 7, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3911. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 186, nays 235, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 613] YEAS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—11 
Black Brady (PA) Bridenstine Bustos Ellison Garrett Hudson Johnson, E. B. Pelosi Pocan Roybal-Allard 
b1814 Ms. STEFANIK, Messrs. POSEY, THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida, BRADY of Texas, and Mrs. COMSTOCK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. THOMPSON of Mississippi, KENNEDY, and HIGGINS of New York changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. CHE-
NEY). The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 614] AYES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.104 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8581 November 7, 2017 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Black Brady (PA) Bridenstine Ellison Garrett Hudson Johnson, E. B. Pocan Roybal-Allard 
b1823 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table 
f 
RISK-BASED CREDIT EXAMINATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3911) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to risk-based examinations of Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organi-zations on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 389, nays 32, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 615] YEAS—389 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—32 
Blumenauer Bonamici Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Cummings DeSaulnier Deutch Espaillat Gabbard Gomez Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Jones Khanna Lee Lieu, Ted Lowenthal McGovern Nadler Pingree Polis Schakowsky Smith (WA) Speier Titus Watson Coleman Welch 
NOT VOTING—11 
Black Brady (PA) Bridenstine Ellison Fortenberry Garrett Hudson Johnson, E. B. Pocan Roybal-Allard Scott (VA) 
b1829 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GARRETT. Madam Speaker, I was un-able to be in Washington, DC. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 613, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 614, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 615. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\H07NO7.REC H07NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8582 November 7, 2017 
RECOGNIZING JOE FRACCOLA (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Joe Fraccola of New Hartford, New York, my home-town. Joe was drafted into the United States Army in 1968, serving in the Vietnam war. On June 7, 1969, Joe was injured during an enemy rocket attack, earning the Purple Heart medal. After returning home from Vietnam, Joe worked for the United States Post-al Service and became active in vet-erans advocacy in central New York, serving as the commander of Central New York Chapter 490 Military Order of the Purple Heart. Under Joe’s leadership, the chapter has visited wounded soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines at Walter Reed; supported military honors at funerals and events; assisted in honor flights to the World War II Memorial in Wash-ington, D.C., and helped to commemo-rate the 50th anniversary of Vietnam. Joe is also active in the Vietnam Veterans of America and supports our local Gold Star Mothers. Our community owes Joe our grati-tude for his service and sacrifice for this country and for all he has done to support veterans and their families after his service. 
f 
NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of November as National Adoption Month in honor of the 111,000 children waiting to be adopted from the foster care system. As a co-chair of the Congressional Foster Youth Caucus, I strongly be-lieve that every child deserves a for-ever family. The love and stability that a family provides leads to far better outcomes for youth of all ages, and we must work to ensure that we have this support system. But adoption does take a toll on fam-ilies, both financially and emotionally. They need assistance, and the adoption tax credit provides them with up to $13,570 in tax refunds for adoption ex-penses. I am truly disturbed, Mr. Speaker, that Republicans have intro-duced a tax bill that would eliminate the adoption tax credit. During National Adoption Month, I call on my colleagues to support adopt-ed children and families by rejecting this misguided measure. Mr. Speaker, we need to make sure that adoptions are affordable, that they are possible, and that, long-term, they are successful, and the adoption tax credit does exactly that. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago today, the United States held an elec-tion for President. Going into that election, there were 251 million Americans old enough to vote, but only 139 million people actu-ally voted. That means that just 55.3 percent of the voting-age population took part in the selection of the person to fill our Nation’s highest office. Mr. Speaker, we should break down barriers to voting, not build them. We should make registering to vote easier, not harder. We should ensure elections are competitive, not guaranteed. Mr. Speaker, we must restore the Voting Rights Act. We must restore voting rights for people who have served their prison sentences. We must end partisan gerrymandering. We must protect the sanctity of our elections. We must do this before the next Fed-eral election. f 
IT IS ALL ABOUT GUNS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there are so many things that the American people have to deal with, and I think you have heard many of us offer our sympathy and concern for the tragedy that happened in my State, and, clearly, one more thing that we don’t want to deal with, the shooting of those people of faith praying on their day of worship, which is what happened in Texas on Sunday. So, today, I am introducing H.R. 4268, the Gun Safety Not Sorry Act of 2017, that addresses a 7-day waiting period for purchases or sales of semiautomatic firearms, silencers, armor-piercing am-munition, or large capacity ammuni-tion magazines for purchase or trans-fer. And let me respond to those who of-fered mental health. The data shows that Americans have more mental health problems than do people in other countries with fewer mass shoot-ings. But it shows that it is estimated that only 4 percent of American gun deaths could be attributed to mental health issues. Let’s not keep giving excuses or blaming people with mental health issues. I can assure you that is not the problem. As the article in the New York Times says, it is all about guns— guns, guns, guns. I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 4268. 
f 
OPPOSE DISASTROUS RYAN- M
CCONNELL TAX PLAN (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Ryan-McConnell tax plan that puts the interests of wealthy elites and corporations ahead of the needs of the American people. This bill tears away protections for Americans with student loans and Americans who choose to adopt chil-dren. It strips support for individuals with unexpected health challenges, even those whose homes have burned down. Under this plan, some 8 million American families will see their taxes go up almost immediately, and mil-lions more will face tax increases in the future. All this is done while giving perma-nent tax breaks to millionaires and bil-lionaires and increasing the deficit by trillions of dollars. This puts America’s social safety net and our economic fu-ture in deep jeopardy. This is not the type of tax relief the American middle class and working poor need—or deserve—right now. Mr. Speaker, I urge every one of my colleagues to put the needs of the American people first and oppose the very disastrous Ryan-McConnell tax plan. f 
CONGRATULATING THE HOUSTON ASTROS (Mr. GOMEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my colleague, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, and the Houston Astros for winning the 2017 Major League Baseball World Se-ries. The Astros finally earned history this season by winning their first World Series title. But they weren’t the only ones to earn something by beating my Los An-geles Dodgers. Congresswoman J
ACK-
SON LEEalso earned some of LA’s iconic Philippe’s French dip sand-wiches as part of our friendly wager. We may be on opposing teams when it comes to baseball, but we both play for the blue team here in Congress, and I look forward to working with her to fight for working men and women across the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I couldn’t have had a wager with a greater Member of Congress. I love his orange tie. I love him looking at this sign: Beat LA. All of those players—LA Dodgers and the Houston Astros—had great char-acter and great sportsmanship. I love the sandwiches. Let’s do it again. Let’s see them in 2018 in the World Series. Go Astros. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, congratu-lations to Houston: Houston strong, and Houston proud. 
f 
LET’S LEARN FROM KANSAS, NOT BECOME KANSAS 2.0 (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.110 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8583 November 7, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, what happens if Congress goes nuts on tax cuts without paying for them? Kansas, which did just that, has now had to raise State taxes back to where they were, providing a valuable object lesson for Congress right now: tax cuts about ideology, not economics, do not work. Yet Republicans seem to be taking a page out of the Kansas tax cuts, au-thored by Governor Sam Brownback, that crushed that State’s economy. He promised tens of thousands of jobs to fund the State’s schools. He guaran-teed a progrowth economy that would pay for the tax cuts and then some. Kansas did grow initially, but then lagged behind all the rest of the States. Now Brownback’s tax cuts have pro-duced new taxes for Kansas. Let’s learn from Kansas, not become Kansas 2.0. 
f 
GOP TAX SCAM (Mr. NADLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, the Re-publicans are scamming America. They are offering a facade of lowered taxes that you probably will never see in ex-change for massive and permanent tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and corporations. And for what? We are told the corporate and upper income tax cuts will result in more in-vestment and greater economic growth, which will yield more jobs and more revenue for the country and high-er wages for the middle class. But this is bunk. They have run this scam twice before. Reagan passed simi-lar upper class tax cuts and told us the tax cuts would generate such economic growth that they would pay for them-selves. What happened? The national debt—accumulated from George Washington through Jimmy Carter—went from $800 billion in 1980 to $4.3 trillion 12 years later, and growth was less than under Presi-dent Clinton. George Bush’s tax cut turned an an-ticipated 10-year $5.65 trillion surplus into a $10.63 trillion debt in 8 years. And 3 or 4 years from now, Repub-licans will use the $1.5 trillion to $2 trillion deficit this scam will create to say: Look at this massive deficit. We have to make savage cuts to Social Se-curity, Medicare, education, and infra-structure. That is what they are building in now. The Republicans are scamming America, and we must reject this bill. 
f 
b1845 WE NEED TO PASS A CLEAN DREAM ACT NOW (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Marco, a DREAMer in Portland, Oregon, and to continue to urge Speaker RYANto put forth a clean Dream Act bill. In 1995, Marco was brought to the United States when he was only 3 years old. As a teenager with dreams of going to college, Marco realized he didn’t qualify for financial aid because of his immigration status, but he did not allow this to deter him. Instead, Marco worked hard in various minimum wage jobs, allowing him the ability to attend college part-time. In 2012, after applying for DACA, Marco was granted a work permit, making it possible for him to earn a job with a law firm in Portland, where he worked his way up from the mail-room to be a legal assistant. His salary from the law firm enabled him to en-roll in more classes and finally com-plete his bachelor’s degree in account-ing. Marco now works as an accountant for an Oregon nonprofit that helps ben-efit youth. This President claims to want only the best. I have news for him: we al-ready have the best and brightest, and it is time we stopped treating them like second class citizens. Mr. Speaker, we need to pass a clean Dream Act bill. 
f 
VETERANS (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, this week we honor America’s veterans, a group of men and women with unparalleled courage and love of country. We owe our veterans an eternal debt of gratitude. We made a promise to look out for them in exchange for their promise to defend our freedom, but gratitude is not enough. That is why I am fighting to maximize the care homeless veterans receive with my bill to improve reporting from our VA hos-pitals, to make sure no veteran, at any stage in life, falls through the cracks. I also helped introduce the Patriot Employer Act, which would give tax in-centives to American businessowners who employ veterans. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Pennsylva-nia’s 13th Congressional District, I would like to thank all of our Nation’s veterans for their service on this Vet-erans Day and every day. 
f 
VETERANS DAY (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Veterans Day, which we will observe this Saturday, November 11. Each Veterans Day, we celebrate America’s veterans for their unwaver-ing patriotism and willingness to serve and sacrifice above self. How noble for liberty’s cause, yet too many veterans, upon their return from service, endure long wait-times at VA health facilities. That is why I have developed a bill that would reduce the VA physician shortage, which is estimated to be about 5,000. Our VET MD Act would address this by allowing pre-med students to par-ticipate in organized clinical observa-tions at VA medical centers. Future physicians will have exposure to the VA healthcare system, and the VA will create potential medical professionals. This is just one solution Congress should implement to address the VA physician shortage. It will help lead to decreased wait-times, better care, and healthier outcomes. Our veterans dedicated their lives for our country. We owe these honorable men and women better basic healthcare. Mr. Speaker, on this Veterans Day, I urge my colleagues to please join me. Let us affirm a commitment to action for the men and women who have de-fended our liberty and have lived the words duty, honor, and country. f 
WE NEED FAIR AND STRONG HURRICANE RELIEF PACKAGES (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the continuing urgency of providing relief and recovery aid for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, which were devastated by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. While U.S. efforts have ramped up after a failed initial re-sponse, we can and must do more. In Puerto Rico, some 70 shelters re-main open, access to safe drinking water is a problem, and there are doz-ens of waterborne disease deaths. Near-ly a third of hospitals are still running off generators, bridges remain de-stroyed, and many roads remain im-passable. Nearly 60 percent of the is-land is without power. The news is not better for the Virgin Islands, where many still lack access to cell service, power, and clean water. Officials estimate $5.5 billion is needed for the most essential needs there. Mr. Speaker, there are less than 20 legislative days left on the House cal-endar. How can we be prioritizing tax cuts for the wealthy? Let’s put to-gether fair and strong hurricane relief packages for communities ravaged by these hurricanes, including those in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. 
f 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST OF SPE-CIAL COUNSEL MUELLER AND OTHERS IN THE PREVIOUS AD-MINISTRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.112 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8584 November 7, 2017 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B IGGS) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I stand to-night with a number of my colleagues to shed light and ask questions and dis-cuss the conflicts of interest of Mr. Mueller and several others in the pre-vious administration. As I recall the events of the past 2 years, it becomes clearer than ever that Mr. Mueller should resign. If he does not resign, then he should be fired. I believe he has conflicts of interest that do not allow him to proceed with his investigation in an unbiased, inde-pendent manner. Further, he has broadened the scope of his investiga-tion far beyond his charge to examine Russian interference in the 2016 Presi-dential election. In the process, he is helping to attack the integrity, percep-tion, and credibility of the American justice and electoral system. Mr. Speaker, my constituents want answers. Congress has sought answers from the previous administration for many years. Without exception, the Obama administration stonewalled these attempts. Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation are the subject of many of these questions and subsequent inves-tigations. Ms. Clinton did not become Presi-dent. Some say that, because of this, we should not complete our investiga-tions into multiple allegations of mis-conduct, but this is misguided. No American is above the law. Losing an election does not grant immunity for misconduct. Whether Ms. Clinton is Secretary of State, President of the United States, or a citizen of Chappaqua, New York, she should be held to the same standard as everyone else. I am pleased that the House Judici-ary and Oversight Committees share this sentiment. Our committees will soon be launching a joint investigation into the unanswered questions sur-rounding the allegations that we have mentioned. We intend to get truthful answers to these questions. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we are at risk of a coup d’etat in this country if we allow an unaccountable person with no over-sight to undermine the duly-elected President of the United States, and I would offer that is precisely what is happening right now with the indis-putable conflicts of interest that are present with Mr. Mueller and others at the Department of Justice. I join my colleague, the gentleman from Arizona, in calling for Mr. Mueller’s resignation or his firing. Moreover, we absolutely have to see the Department of Justice appoint a special counsel to look into the Clinton Foundation, the Uranium One deal, and the Fusion GPS dossier that I will now have the opportunity to discuss. I really don’t know who is inves-tigating the Uranium One deal right now. I know that, in July, the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee, along with 20 members of the Judiciary Com-mittee, sent a letter to Attorney Gen-eral Sessions asking who would be looking into these critical questions, demanding that a special counsel be appointed to conduct a thorough re-view. It is extremely disappointing that the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and my fellow members have received no response from the De-partment of Justice as to that letter. I don’t know whether the Attorney General’s recusal on matters related to Russia impacts, influences, or, in any way, covers the Fusion GPS challenge and the incredible threat to national security raised by the Uranium One deal. I do know that there is no world in which Mr. Mueller could potentially in-vestigate these matters. It is Federal law that even the appearance of a con-flict of interest means that someone cannot engage in prosecutorial duties regarding allegations and investiga-tions. That conflict of interest is abso-lutely present. As early as 2009, the FBI knew that we had informants alleging corruption into United States uranium assets. There were allegations of bribery, kickbacks, extortion. Even in 2010, Members of Congress were raising these questions and asking the Obama administration to provide answers that were never given. I don’t think it is a coincidence that at the same time we were hearing from sources that there was bribery to influ-ence our uranium assets, you had former President Bill Clinton getting paid $500,000 by a bunch of Russians to go give a speech. It must have been one hell of a speech. It is deeply troubling to me that these circumstances seem to be ripe for corruption and seem to demonstrate an ecosystem of corrup-tion that must be thoroughly inves-tigated. Now, why can’t Mr. Mueller and Mr. Rosenstein conduct this investigation? First of all, Mr. Mueller was the head of the FBI in 2009. He potentially had a role to play in these questions. At the very least, the fact that the FBI never prosecuted any case, never raised ob-jections, never allowed Congress to be able to look into these matters, that would be an act of omission. So at best, there is an omission that creates a conflict for Mr. Mueller; at worst, there might have been actual malfeasance or active negligence. And in those circumstances, we need fresh eyes and clear eyes to give the Amer-ican people confidence that our justice system is, in fact, working for them. It is not only the Uranium One deal that gives us a great deal to question. We also have this Fusion GPS dossier, which we have now learned that the Democratic Party was paying for. The Democratic Party was out paying peo-ple to stir up this salacious and inac-curate dirt on President Trump both before and after he was elected. In his own testimony before the Con-gress, Mr. Comey said that these alle-gations were salacious and could not be relied upon. So it begs the question, what was the Fusion GPS dossier relied upon for? Was it relied upon so that there would be FISA warrants issued to go and spy on the President and mem-bers of his team? We don’t know, but until we have a special counsel, we will never get those answers, because Mueller and Rosenstein are conflicted. Why did Congress never hear from these informants? Well, it is no sur-prise to me. You actually have Mr. Rosenstein’s name on the signature block of the pleadings that sealed the information that could have shed light on this entire scandal, but we didn’t have that opportunity. Now, it may very well be that these were simply acts of negligence, acts of omission or oversight. If that is the case, let’s get someone in who can give us the answers, because certainly the people who are there now cannot give us answers, and they have these tragic conflicts of interest. The American people are well aware that the Clinton Foundation func-tioned largely as a money laundering organization to influence the State De-partment and to ensure that there were special people with special access and special relationships to the Clintons who got special treatment. That is not an America that abides to the rule of law. As a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, we have to see the rule of law held up and cherished. We are a model for the world, but if we have cir-cumstances where our President, who was elected, is undermined as a con-sequence of these things, if we do not replace Bob Mueller with someone who can come in absent of association with the individuals who may be implicated, then I fear this great, special place that we hold in the world may be di-minished. So I have introduced legislation. I am very pleased that my colleagues have joined me in sponsoring that legisla-tion, calling for Mr. Mueller to resign. I have also called for a special counsel to be appointed. To my colleagues on the other side who say, well, hey, you know, there were a variety of agencies that were in-volved in approving the Uranium One deal, there were eight or nine groups that could have said no. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.114 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8585 November 7, 2017 
b1900 Are Members of Congress really tak-ing the position that the Clintons don’t have their tentacles in just about every agency of government? How ludicrous. You are talking about the former President of the United States and, at the time, the lady who was serving as our Secretary of State. The fact that this was a multiagency process only underscores the conflicts of interest that lie with Rosenstein and Mueller. I am calling on the Attorney General to appoint a special counsel to preserve the rule of law and to help us save this great country from those who are try-ing to undermine us and undermine our President. Mr. BIGGS. I thank the gentleman from Florida and I appreciate his re-marks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
ORDAN ). Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, why, in 2016, would James Comey call the Clin-ton investigation a matter, not an in-vestigation? Last time I checked, he wasn’t direc-tor of the Federal bureau of matters. Why, in 2016, would then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch, one day before the Benghazi report is due to come out, 5 days before Secretary Clinton is scheduled to be interviewed by the FBI, meet with former President Bill Clin-ton on a tarmac in Phoenix? Why would that happen in 2016? Why, in the days just following that meeting with the former President, would Attorney General Loretta Lynch, when corresponding with the public relations people at the Justice Department via email, not use her real name and, instead, use the name Eliza-beth Carlisle? Again, it seems to me if you are just talking about grandkids and golf, you could probably use your real name. Why, as we have learned recently, re-ported in The Federalist, why would the FBI be reimbursing Christopher Steele, the author of the dossier? Why would that be happening all in 2016? You know, as the previous speakers have talked about, we have had this focus the last several months on poten-tial Russia, Trump campaign collusion and influence, Russian influence on the election. It seems to me we know something pretty clearly. The Obama administra-tion Justice Department certainly tried to influence the election. I mean, I think we can see that without a doubt. What did we learn today? The gen-tleman from Florida was talking about the dossier. What did we learn today? It was reported today that the co-founder of Fusion GPS, Glenn Simpson, was meeting with the now famous Rus-sian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, both before the meeting that she had with Donald Trump, Jr., and after the meeting she had with Donald Trump, Jr. I find that interesting. The story keeps getting better. When James Comey is fired, he then leaks a government document, through a friend, to The New York Times. And what was his objective? What did he tell us? Under oath, he told us this: Trying to create momentum for a special coun-sel. Of course, it can’t just be any special counsel. Who is that special counsel going to be? Bob Mueller, his friend, his prede-cessor, his mentor and, maybe most importantly, as my good friend from Florida just pointed out, the guy who was running the FBI when the whole Uranium One deal was going down. I mean, this is amazing. All we are asking for is for the Attorney General to name a special counsel to look into all these questions. Why was it so critical that James Comey call the matter not an inves-tigation? Why was it so important that Loret-ta Lynch not use her real name when she is talking about the meeting she had with Bill Clinton on the tarmac? Why was it so important that we get a special counsel, and that special counsel be Bob Mueller; so important that James Comey can leak a docu-ment, through a friend, to The New York Times, a government document? Why was all this so important? All we are asking for is to name a special counsel to look into this; and we first asked for this 3
1⁄2months ago. Twenty members of the Judiciary Com-mittee sent the Attorney General a let-ter on July 27, laying out all these questions and saying: Name a special counsel to look into it. After all, the taxpayers, the Amer-ican people, would like the answers. I know the ones in the Fourth District of Ohio would. I talk to them all the time. For 2 months we heard nothing. So five of us went and met with the Attor-ney General asking about the July 27 letter, and would they appoint a spe-cial counsel. To date, we have got no answer, no response. So I appreciate the gentleman from Arizona for organizing this Special Order. I appreciate my good friend from Florida, the gentleman from North Carolina, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and the gentleman from Arizona who are going to join us as well this evening. It is time for a special counsel to be named to get the answers for the American people on these fundamental questions. We haven’t said them all. There are lots of other questions, but these are the fundamental ones. It is time we had a special counsel get to the bottom of this. That is what we have called for. That is what we want to see happen. We hope it does, and the sooner the better. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for his eloquent comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his leadership; and, obviously, for the elo-quent words of my colleagues from Florida and from Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in, really, addressing a seri-ous matter of transparency that has left the American people with ques-tions that deserve honest answers. You know, for the past year, as our government has been mired in a fruit-less, aimless, and sometimes laborious investigation on accusations of collu-sion between the Russian Government and the 2016 Presidential campaign, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have insisted that Congress follow where the evidence leads in this inves-tigation. Mr. Speaker, I am here to tell you today that I agree wholeheartedly. Congress should follow the facts where they lead. However, they are leading in a very different direction than many of the mainstream media narratives might suggest. You see, in the process of this inves-tigation, we have learned a fact pat-tern surrounding the Clinton campaign and potentially the Obama administra-tion’s involvement in a targeted cam-paign using information from foreign intelligence officials against then-can-didate Donald Trump. Now, as we know from the recent New York Times report, the Presi-dential campaign of Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Com-mittee paid for research that was in-cluded in the now infamous Russian dossier that was made public in Janu-ary of this year by Buzzfeed and re-ported on by CNN. Now we know that the Clinton cam-paign and the DNC paid an ex-British intelligence officer, Christopher Steele, to compile this dossier with the re-search provided from Russian intel-ligence officials. Now, much of this dossier contains claims that have either not been verified or have been directly refuted. So, Mr. Speaker, it is suspicious enough that the Clinton campaign and the DNC paid intelligence officials in Russia for this type of material and false information on President Trump. But we were also beginning to see evidence that raises questions about the very way that the Obama Justice Department may have inappropriately involved themselves into this project, both before and after the 2016 Presi-dential campaign. Mr. Speaker, now, if you would, con-sider the timeline that we are working with here. In April of 2016, the Clinton campaign used the law firm of Perkins Coie to retain Fusion GPS, the firm be-hind the Russian dossier. Now, that very same month, in April of 2016, President Obama’s campaign began paying more than $900,000 to what law firm? Perkins Coie, the very same firm used by the Clinton campaign in the creation of the dossier. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.116 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8586 November 7, 2017 
Now, we also know that in the weeks prior to the 2016 election, President Obama’s FBI tried to reach an agree-ment with Christopher Steele to pay for the Russian dossier, and the FBI ac-tually ended up reimbursing some of the dossier expenses. Now, to be clear, the FBI attempted to pay, and then reimbursed, the costs of the Russian dossier that was being orchestrated by Hillary Clinton’s Pres-idential campaign. Now, the FBI has refused to answer questions and re-sisted any transparency on this issue. So going a step further, we now know that on January 6, President Obama’s intelligence officials, led by then-Di-rector of the FBI, James Comey, briefed President-elect Trump on the contents of the dossier. Now, following that January 6 brief-ing, there are reports that the Obama administration’s intelligence officials leaked to CNN the fact that the Presi-dent-elect was briefed on the dossier. Four days later, on January 10, the dossier ended up being published by Buzzfeed. Now, keep in mind, several media outlets had the dossier in hand prior to January 10, but none of them had printed it since the claims could not be verified. Now, this timeline leaves us with a myriad of extremely concerning ques-tions, Mr. Speaker, but they can be boiled down into a few specifics: Why did President Obama’s campaign begin paying almost $1 million to the very same firm that the Clinton campaign used to fund the dossier in the very same month that the Clinton campaign began paying for the dossier? The second question: Why did Presi-dent Obama’s FBI attempt to pay Christopher Steele for the Russian dos-sier? Why was President Obama’s FBI involved in paying for a project that the Clinton campaign started and was orchestrating? Again, the FBI has refused to answer these questions and has resisted trans-parency on this issue. And why brief the President at all on the dossier if much of the dossier could not be verified? Or, I would suggest, if President Obama’s intelligence officials had rea-son to treat the dossier seriously, then why did they wait 2 months after the election to disclose the information on January 6? Why wait? And why was the President’s meeting with President-elect Trump leaked to CNN 4 days after the briefing, if, again, the dossier could not be verified? Mr. Speaker, the intention of all of this is not to spread theories or to speculate as to what might have hap-pened. The point is to recognize that there are legitimate, unanswered ques-tions about whether the Obama Justice Department involved themselves in a political project targeting then-can-didate Donald Trump, a suggestion that has far more evidence behind it than the directionless investigation into the Trump-Russian collusion. The American people deserve an an-swer to those questions. They demand answers to those questions, and it is our government’s responsibility to find them. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for his remarks, and I am grateful to have him here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Ari-zona. He and I hold a deep, common conviction that Arizona is the most important and best State in the Union, and I don’t think anyone here would debate that. Mr. Speaker, last Monday, October 30, we were delivered the over-hyped ‘‘bombshell’’ story that Special Coun-sel Robert Mueller would introduce some damning evidence about Presi-dent Trump’s collusion with Russia via indictments. On Friday, October 27, someone in-volved in the grand jury investiga-tion—now, don’t forget, Mr. Speaker, that the purpose of a grand jury is se-crecy, but someone in that organiza-tion leaked information to the press, specifically CNN, with no reasonable person being able to count as a friend to the President of the United States; and it caused every political pundit in the country to begin surmising who would be the first to fall. Reporters were assigned the story, revisiting campaign notes and combing through stacks of research and fact sheets about so-called evidence of Rus-sia collusion. Then the big reveal: Paul Manafort and Rick Gates were indicted for crimes related to their business deal-ings with a Ukrainian politician clinging to power in a country under-going a revolution, back in 2014. The FBI had been trying to indict them ever since. There was no mention of the Trump campaign, not any whatso-ever in the 12-count indictment. In other words, Mr. Speaker the an-nouncement amounted to what many have called a ‘‘nothing burger.’’ Mainstream media members, who had spent all weekend promising the view-ers and their readers some new damn-ing evidence about Trump, were aghast. b1915 Mueller had let them down. How could they face their audience now with nothing to show? But wait, an-other indictment snuck in in the last few hours, only a few hours later, right in the nick of time. George Papadopoulos—now, here is our guy. This is the guy. He actually went to Russia, and he proposed Trump meet with Putin. We have got him now. Well, no. It turns out Papadopoulos was an unpaid intern who possessed a background in researching Russia. When he suggested Trump meet with the Russians, he was shot down quickly and firmly. The indictment against Papadopoulos didn’t even have to do with his work on the campaign. He was indicted because he had lied to the FBI—again, no collusion with the Trump campaign found whatsoever. But that didn’t stop the media from sensationalizing the news. After all, they have a job to do. But the Amer-ican people didn’t fall for it, Mr. Speaker. The New Yorker’s legal writ-er, Jeffrey Toobin, and the liberal vox.com have suggested Mueller seems to be conducting his investigation like he is going after a mafia mob boss. The problem with treating the Trump campaign as an organized crime organization, clearly, is it presumes Trump’s guilt. No matter how well-in-tentioned and full of integrity Mr. Mueller might be, if he is treating Trump like Al Capone, his tactics are wrong. When trying to pursue charges on a mafia boss, the FBI pulls in the street guys, threatens them with life in jail or some other steep charge, unless they spill the beans on their superior. Once they crack, they bring in the next level, all the way to the top. This is a well-known tactic, and it incentivizes those arrested to invent some spurious testimony against their superiors. Could Mr. Mueller be acting with vengeance or to vindicate his good friend and colleague, James Comey, who had a very public feud with the President? Well, we don’t know, Mr. Speaker, but it is hard to take any charges with this investigation seri-ously when they are going about it in this fashion. The main point is this, Mr. Speaker: at least James Comey, the media, and the Democrats desperately want collu-sion to exist between Trump and Rus-sia. And when you want something that bad, you might even begin to be-lieve it is true, even if it is not. But there is good news. Anyone sin-cerely looking for the drama of Amer-ican officials actually colluding with the Kremlin, need look no further now than the emerging scandal concerning the sale of American uranium reserves to Russia during Hillary Clinton’s time at the State Department. The FBI, in 2009, under the Obama administration, began investigating Russia’s use of bribery, kickbacks, and extortion to gain a bigger foothold in the American atomic energy industry. They knew this was happening. The record is clear. Of course, Mr. Speaker, American nuclear resources are a crit-ical component of America’s national security. So any detail between Rus-sian companies and U.S. atomic energy resources would require a signoff from the State Department. After all, Russia is a hostile foreign government. Correct? Democrats cer-tainly seem to believe so now, even though, in past years, most of them couldn’t find Russia on a map. So when Rosatom, a Russian energy group, took control of the Canadian Uranium One, which had control of mining and uranium stakes stretching 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.117 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8587 November 7, 2017 
from Central Asia to the American West, that deal needed U.S. State De-partment approval. After all, this meant that Russia, a hostile foreign power, would control 20 percent of America’s uranium industry. And, of course, as Obama’s FBI was inves-tigating Russia for bribes and extor-tion related to atomic energy, this deal should have raised a red flag for the State Department. Vladimir Putin really wanted the deal to go through because, per The New York Times, it would allow him to realize his goal of becoming one of the world’s major atomic energy players. The only thing standing in his way was Hillary Clinton’s State Department. The month the deal was approved by Hillary Clinton’s State Department, Bill Clinton received $500,000 from a Russian investment bank with ties to the Kremlin for a ‘‘speaking engage-ment’’ in Moscow. Then, Mr. Speaker, Uranium One’s chairman used his fam-ily foundation to make a series of do-nations to the Clinton Foundation, to-taling $2.35 million. Now, being under agreement to dis-close all of their foundation contribu-tions publicly, the Clintons neglected still to reveal the Uranium One dona-tions. That is pretty convenient, Mr. Speaker. Are we paying attention here? Now, since the media seems to have an insatiable appetite for Russian col-lusion, let’s take a look at the Ura-nium One deal. That is a story worth looking into, Mr. Speaker. And I would bet the biggest stake in Washington, with anyone in this place, that if a spe-cial counsel was appointed to look into it, that investigation would bring some truly legitimate results. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his re-marks. It is my pleasure now to yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. Speaker, we have been entreated to claims of collusion with our govern-ment, people high in our government with Russia for over a year now; since the last election happening this very day a year ago, we have been entreated to this. So I thought I would bring some sense to this confusion about what we know as the Uranium One deal. Even I didn’t know a whole lot about it, so I did a little research to understand the timeline and what exactly happened here. I want to talk to you about that this evening. On June 8 of 2010, the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation, also known as Rosatom—the Russian state, not some private organization. It be-longs to Vladimir Putin. Make no mis-take about it—announced plans to pur-chase a 51.4 percent stake in the Cana-dian company Uranium One. Now, why do we care? Well, we care because this announcement had signifi-cant strategic implications for the United States since Uranium One’s international assets included 20 per-cent of the United States’ uranium re-serves. Now, due to uranium status as a stra-tegic commodity, the $1.3 billion deal was subject to the approval of the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States, known as CFIUS; CFIUS, the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States. And they care because uranium is impor-tant. Do you know why? We make nu-clear bombs out of it—that is why it is important—and so do other countries. And maybe so do terrorists if they get their hands on it. So we care. Now, the CFIUS panel is made up of nine department heads and agencies, including, at that time, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Okay, fair enough. Now, CFIUS went through the approval process at what we would con-sider an unusually rapid pace, approv-ing the sale of one-fifth of our uranium reserves, the United States’ reserves, to a Russian, Vladimir Putin, state- owned enterprise in less than 5 months. Five months. I mean, they did that in 5 months. We have been investigating allegations of President Trump and Russia for about 12 months now. In ear-nest, less than 12 months, but, cer-tainly, the claims have been made since the night of the election, yet they got this done in 5 months. Okay, that is good. CFIUS proceeded at this pace despite national security concerns raised by Congress—people right here said: Hey, 20 percent of our uranium shouldn’t go to Vladimir Putin. That doesn’t make sense to us. The FBI had extensive concerns, tying Rosatom’s main executive to a U.S. racketeering scheme. My col-league has already talked about brib-ery, extortion, racketeering. Right. Both Secretary of State Clinton and Attorney General Eric Holder—whose FBI, by the way, produced the evi-dence—voted in favor of the deal. Inter-estingly enough, who was in charge of the FBI at the time? Our friend, Robert Mueller. It just is a little too coinci-dental for me. I am sorry, it is just a little too coincidental. After the sale, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission, as-sured both Congress and the public that the uranium sold could not be ex-ported because neither Uranium One nor Rosatom, Vladimir Putin’s organi-zation, had an NRC export license. So even though we had control of 20 per-cent, he could never do anything with the 20 percent except leave it in the United States. And, by the way, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission still hasn’t granted a license to export any of that material to Rosatom or to Uranium One to this day. But despite the public statements, somehow it got exported because an NRC memo showed the agency ap-proved the shipment of yellowcake ura-nium from the Uranium One mines in the United States to Canada through a third party. Additional shipments of the uranium were made to Europe, and they were authorized as well by the NRC. And where they went from Eu-rope, who knows. The NRC doesn’t know. At least if they know, they aren’t telling us. We have asked. We certainly don’t know. Maybe Rosatom knows. The question you should have is: Why? Why would the United States do this? What was in our interest to sell 20 percent of our uranium? Was it that we needed $1.3 billion? I suspect not. In an attempt to avoid congressional scrutiny, the NRC did not provide a di-rect export license to Uranium One, but, instead, it amended an existing li-cense for a logistics company to allow it to export Uranium One’s uranium, which was, in effect, the United States’ uranium, our uranium. The NRC was able to amend this ex-port license because of two policy changes resulting from the Russian reset orchestrated by Secretary Clin-ton. Again, look, it might be innocent. It might be completely innocent, but it deserves more scrutiny, certainly. The two things—the two policy changes were: the Obama administra-tion reinstated the U.S.-Russian civil-ian nuclear energy cooperation agree-ment in May of 2010. Shortly there-after, in 2011, the Commerce Depart-ment removed Rosatom from a list of restricted companies that could not ex-port nuclear or other sensitive mate-rials or technologies. They still didn’t have a license, but they were removed from the list. Nine months after the Commerce De-partment did that, the removal of Rosatom from the list, the NRC issued the license amendment to the third party allowing for uranium of the United States to be exported from Ura-nium One mines through Canada, and eventually on to Europe, and who knows where from there. The license amendment stipulated that the ex-ported uranium must be returned to the U.S. Now, this did not occur. In-stead, the Department of Energy ap-proved the movement of uranium from Canada to Europe, and that was it. It is gone, folks. It is just gone. It is now clear that the previous ad-ministration took every conceivable action to clear the path for Rosatom to purchase Uranium One and to enable the export of that uranium. The Rus-sians got it. Vladimir Putin got the uranium. In taking these extraordinary meas-ures in support of Russian state-owned enterprise, the Obama administration, with the aid of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former At-torney General Eric Holder, put our na-tional security at risk. Mr. Speaker, it is far past time to thoroughly—marginally, how about to marginally investigate this deal—the Obama administration’s actions and the Clinton family’s role and their foundation’s role. You only need to ask 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.119 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8588 November 7, 2017 
one question about all this: Why? Why would we do this? Why would the United States agree to this? Why did this deal happen the way it did happen? No other deals happened that way. Why did this one happen this way? Why is there no independent investigation into these matters at this point? Why? And why is there no special counsel? We are here tonight to call for a spe-cial counsel so that we know the truth, so if there is Russian involvement in the United States’ national security, whether it is our election, or whether it is our uranium that they could use to make an atomic bomb, the Amer-ican people need to know. They should know. They should have all of the evi-dence. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his remarks, and I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. B
IGGS. I appreciate your hosting this hour because this is crit-ical stuff here. This is the kind of thing that makes or breaks an experiment in self-government because there is an at-tempted coup taking place. We have heard over and over about, oh, gee, Mr. Mueller will come to a fair and just conclusion. Well, the only fair and just conclusion that Bob Mueller could come to would be that he should never have accepted the position of special counsel, that he had conflicts so deep that accepting the role of spe-cial counsel could not be ethical and appropriate. You wonder, why would he take it? Well, when you find out that, as FBI Director, he and U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein were involved in the deep cover investigation into Russia’s effort to corner the market using American uranium, and that Hillary Clinton and Eric Holder and others in the adminis-tration approved the sale to a group, the stockholders of which donated, as I understand, $145 million or so to the Clinton Foundation, in effect, the Clin-tons hit the Russian megalottery—the megamillions lottery from Russia. b1930 As I understand, $145 million or so to the Clinton Foundation, in effect, the Clintons hit the Russian mega lottery; the megamillions lottery from Russia, and just a little tease was the half-a- million-dollar fee for just giving one little, short speech by Bill Clinton. But if we look back at what has gone on, just look at some of the facts, it was shocking that FBI Director Comey did not have Cheryl Mills interviewed. She was Clinton’s former Chief of Staff at the State Department. Now we are finding out, well, I guess, gee, if Comey was going to draft a statement saying that there was not sufficient evidence to prosecute Hillary Clinton before he ever talked to Cheryl Mills or talked to Hillary Clinton or followed up on the most critical evidence, then clearly it makes sense why Director Comey would not want to make Cheryl Mills’ interview recorded, and would make an agreement with Cheryl Mills and the other potential defendants in the case that, gee, if they just got a look at their laptops, they promised they wouldn’t use anything in the laptop to prosecute them, and the FBI would then, under Comey’s direction, would actually participate in the obstruction and destruction of evidence so that no-body could ever use it against any of them. Now, originally, we thought that might only be Hillary Clinton. But as we find out, gee, Mr. Mueller, Mr. Comey, and Mr. Rosenstein were in this up to their eyeballs when it came to the Russian investigation regarding uranium. If they were doing their jobs, they should never, ever have allowed that sale of American uranium to go to a company that they knew would end up in Russian hands. So if you look at Cheryl Mills, Heath-er Samuelson, John Bentel, Bryan Pagliano, and Paul Combetta, these are people who were potential targets. And what does Director Comey do? He makes sure that they walk. Be-cause if they were properly inter-viewed, like good prosecutors or good investigators normally do, you start there and you say: You help us with what happened and what you were told by the person above you, and then we won’t prosecute you to the full extent of the law. That is how deals are made. That is how you get to a Mr. Big in a racketeer organized confederation. Mr. Comey and the FBI apparently relied on the Fusion GPS investigation knowing where it came from and know-ing who paid for it. This is incredible. If you go back to the Washingtonian article of 2013, it makes pretty clear that Comey and Mueller were basically joined at the hip. In fact, a quote back in 2013 says: ‘‘The stressed Comey had few people he could turn to for advice; almost no one was allowed to know the program ex-isted, and disclosing the program’s ex-istence to someone outside that circle could send him to prison. In fact, there was only one person in government whom he could confide in and trust: Bob Mueller.’’ ‘‘Comey thought, ‘A freight train is heading down the tracks, about to de-rail me, my family, and my career.’ He glanced to his left at his fellow pas-senger, thinking, ‘At least Bob Mueller will be standing on the tracks with me.’’’ ‘‘The crisis over, Comey and Mueller shared a dark laugh.’’ Well, it is not quite so amusing when you look at the stakes and whether or not this little experiment in self-gov-ernment will continue. For example, we know that Comey admitted in testi-mony before Congress before the Sen-ate that he had leaked information in order to get a special counsel ap-pointed. That was his dear friend who would stand beside him through thick and thin, Bob Mueller. This brought memories of when Mr. Comey urged his boss, John Ashcroft, to recuse himself and let them appoint a special counsel. So Ashcroft trusted Comey. He prob-ably shouldn’t have, but he did. Then Comey saw to it that his child’s godfather, Patrick Fitzgerald, would be the prosecutor. Much like Mueller, he got massive amounts of money and a great powerful staff so they could go after Karl Rove and Vice President Cheney. They were embarrassed there was no case there, so they made up one on Scooter Libby, and he became the fall guy. But we know from the leak that Comey admitted that he used an ex- U.S. Attorney, identified as Columbia University professor Daniel Richman, to leak to The New York Times the contents of the memo Comey wrote. If you look at the FBI contract with agents and with people employed by the FBI, it makes it very clear that memo that Comey prepared about his conversation with the President was not supposed to ever be provided to the press. That is FBI property, and he vio-lated the law in leaking it. But if you look, then-professor Dan-iel Richman got that to The New York Times author Michael Schmidt, who later wrote the Comey memo story in which Comey told Congress he directed Richman to leak. Well, if you go back through and you start looking for this common thread, Michael Schmidt writing stories for The New York Times about leaks, then you find a number of cases where it ap-pears likely. Whether it is March 1, March 4, March 5, March 6, it appears likely that this was James Comey leaking again. The only question is: Did he commit a crime in one or all of those events? The answer is: We will never know as long as Bob Mueller is special counsel. He needs to have the decency to say that it was a mistake for me to take this on, it was a mistake when Comey testified there was no evidence of any collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians, it was a mistake for him to leak out that night that now he is investigating the President for ob-struction of justice. Why would he do that? So he wouldn’t get fired, because there was no purpose in his investiga-tion. Why would he indict people when he did? Because even The Wall Street Jour-nal and others around this town began to say: Do you know what? Mueller really should resign. He had to get those indictments out quick so people would not keep calling for his resignation. Well, some of us are. We have got to clean this town up, and it will start with the resignation of Mr. Mueller and a proper investigation of all of this underlying case involving Comey, Lynch, the Clintons, Russia, and Rod Rosenstein who oversaw the Russia case before he decided to seal it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.120 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8589 November 7, 2017 
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas, my friend, for his leadership on this issue. I appre-ciate his giving his remarks tonight. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MUCKER ). The gentleman from Ari-zona has 13 minutes remaining. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. B
IGGS for putting this very important hearing together. I am going to cut mine a little bit shorter. After the previous election, a lot of people were angry. They came to our office demanding special investigations into the Trump campaign and the Rus-sia probe. I forewarned them then, and I will make this prediction now: that if it goes there and it leads to the pre-vious administration or Hillary Clin-ton, are you willing to go down that rabbit hole? Here we are today. I think we need to follow this because it has led to that. Without going too much into all the stuff that has already been said, we can talk about how the Obama administra-tion approved the sale of the Canadian mining company with significant U.S. uranium reserves to a firm owned by a Russian Government. The NRC, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, as-sured Congress and the public the new owners could not export any raw nu-clear material from the American shores. No uranium produced at either facility may be exported, the NRC de-clared November 2010 in a press release. We found out that is not true. As has been brought up, over 20 per-cent of our uranium is going into the hands of Russia. Beyond the mines in Kazakhstan, which are among the most lucrative in the world, the sale gave Russia control of one-fifth of all ura-nium production capacity in the U.S. Since uranium is considered a stra-tegic asset with implications for na-tional security, the deal had to be ap-proved by a committee composed of representatives from a number of United States Government agencies. Among those agencies that eventually signed off was the State Department, then headed by Mrs. Clinton. Frank Giustra, a mining financier, has do-nated $31.3 million to the foundation run by former President Bill Clinton. As the Russians gradually assumed control of the Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 to 2013, Canadian records show how a flow of cash made its way into the Clinton Foundation. We could go on and on about this. Shortly after the Russians an-nounced their intention to acquire the majority stake in Uranium One, Mr. Clinton received $500,000 from a Mos-cow speech from a Russian investment bank with links to the Kremlin that was promoting Uranium One stock. Very interesting. I remember when President Clinton was asked about his high speaking fees. He kind of brushed it off with a laugh and said: Well, there are people who like to hear me speak. Fordham University professor Zephyr Teachout, a highly regarded law pro-fessor who has written extensively about political corruption—and she is a Democrat—said: As a Democrat, I am concerned about Hil-lary Clinton as a general election candidate. These questions aren’t going away. There is a pattern of foreign donations and speaking fees that the Clinton Foundation and her husband have found their ways to the Clin-ton Foundation. Bill Clinton made 13 speeches between 2001 and 2012 in which he was paid $500,000 or more. The interesting part is 11 of those speeches were made after Hillary Clinton be-came Secretary of State—pay to play. Why did the Clinton Foundation change its name to the Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clin-ton Foundation? It is surmised that it was because the pub-lic and large corporation donors backed away from the questionable, if not unethical, and possibly illegal activities. 
I just want to speak as an American. We come up here from different back-grounds. I see people who are here to-night who spoke tonight all from dif-ferent backgrounds. The thing we hear about over and over again is that we want transparency and accountability. We demand that, but we never see it. So as these investigations go forward, my hope is that there is a conclusion to an investigation and that the people who broke the law are held accountable so that we don’t have to talk about an-other investigation that spends the American taxpayers’ money without somebody paying the price for mis-representing the American people and turning over strategic products of this country—uranium in this case—to a foreign entity that doesn’t want the best for America. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-tleman from Arizona for putting this on and leading this. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman being here and speaking tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE), my good friend who has been waiting like patience on a monument. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend from Arizona for holding this Special Order. What an incredibly important issue. Over the past year, we have heard nearly on a daily basis accusations of what Russia tries to do to undermine the United States. I think most of my colleagues would agree that Russia’s actions over the past 2 years, which in-clude everything from cyber attacks to supporting Assad’s bloody regime in Syria, all of it demonstrates that their intention is to disrupt the stability both of the United States and the en-tire world. b1945 But here is the deal: none of this hap-pened overnight. No one in Russia flipped a switch on their foreign policy and it suddenly changed from being friendly to the United States to trying to cause us harm. The fact is the United States did not remain vigilant. Our foreign policy suf-fered. We ignored the fact that Russian interests and goals are not our inter-ests and goals. Nothing demonstrates this more than the Uranium One case. In 2010, the Committee on Foreign In-vestments of the United States ap-proved a partial sale, as you have heard this evening, of a Canadian company to the Russian-owned nuclear giant Rosatom. We have heard about all of this. One-fifth of our uranium capacity gone. In the United States, we have been long aware of the fact that the Russian Government’s request is, among other things, to control the production of en-ergy, both at home and in other na-tions, and then use that energy as a source of leverage during conflicts. Furthermore, striking information has been uncovered that Federal agents used a confidential U.S. witness work-ing inside the Russian nuclear industry to gather extensive evidence that showed Moscow had compromised an American uranium trucking firm with bribes and kickbacks, all, of course, in violation of the law. Rather than bringing these charges up, however, the FBI kept this secret. They didn’t tell anyone about it for 4 years. That is unacceptable. We need to know why the FBI didn’t share this in-formation. Why was this crucial infor-mation about Russia’s actions in our nuclear energy sector not shared? This is absolutely unacceptable. Then, as we have been hearing to-night, we have the cases where Russian officials spent millions of dollars to benefit former President Bill Clinton’s charitable family foundation while Hil-lary was Secretary of State. These are all extremely serious alle-gations, and it is absolutely our re-sponsibility to investigate them. There was a fundamental conflict of interest here, and I think you would have to be blind not to recognize that. Our Sec-retary of State was making decisions that impacted the entire world while, at the same time, receiving massive amounts of money from foreign dona-tions. As the Russians assumed control of Uranium One, the company’s chairman was giving tons of money to the Clin-ton Foundation. Of course, none of this was disclosed as it was supposed to be. So from what we know, the decision to allow the Clinton Foundation to continue soliciting foreign donations was, at best, naive, if not criminal. This seems to be a pattern of the pre-vious administration. It is absolute cluelessness and self-interest, at best, perhaps even worse than that. It is hardly surprising that Russia believed it could pull the wool over our eyes with impunity and increased its mali-cious behavior. I look forward to this investigation going forward, and I thank my friend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.123 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8590 November 7, 2017 
from Arizona for having this Special Order. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia. Mr. Speaker, how much time is re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I will do my best to sum up. What you have heard tonight, those who have been listening, are the out-lines of the scandal of our lifetime—the scandal of our lifetime that began in 2009 and proceeded forth even to revela-tions in the last 36 hours of Mr. Comey changing the wording in his draft from the statutory culpable mental state re-quirement of gross negligence to mere-ly carelessness. That is a huge change as he prepared his draft report on Mrs. Clinton and the misuse of her email server giving access—which we don’t even know. We don’t have access to that. But you take this back from the Uranium One situa-tion, the transaction that should never have happened, the money that changed hands, and you look at the common thread throughout. Well, oddly enough, it is Robert Mueller. Robert Mueller sits today as the investigator of the supposed collu-sion between the Trump administra-tion and the Russians to influence the election. Oddly enough, it has turned on its head. We have found out now that it is the DNC and the Hillary Clinton cam-paign that was funding Fusion GPS, trying to influence the American elec-torate. It is upside down. Yet the person who is tied through-out all of this is Robert Mueller. He is the guy conducting the investigation. Is there any clearer conflict of interest than what we see in this special inves-tigator? Again, with my colleagues—I thank all of them who have spoken tonight— I renew my call for his resignation, short of that, his termination of em-ployment. This is the scandal of our time. It af-fects our national security, the views of the American people for justice, and our elections. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
TAX POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I came here to talk about tax policy, and I will; however, having listened for the last 60 minutes to the most remarkable admission that Russia is meddling in America in many, many ways, even an admission that Russia somehow wants to influence America’s elections—in this case, America’s elections for the last year—I am pleased that my Repub-lican colleagues are so adamant in pur-suing Russian influence and, perhaps, controversial influence in the United States. I am pleased that they are doing that. I am also pleased that Mr. Mueller is continuing his investigations. I will note that there have been two indict-ments and one guilty plea that have al-ready come forth from his investiga-tion having to do with people that are very, very close to President Trump’s administration. More will come of that, and I cer-tainly hope our Republican friends will continue to focus on the fact that Rus-sia is playing very serious and, quite possibly, illegal games or activities here in the United States. We will carry on. I firmly believe that Mr. Mueller is not about to resign or be fired. If he were to be fired, I would suspect that there would be far more serious consequences than the kind of yapping we just heard for the last hour here on the floor. Let me go back to my original point, which has to do with tax policy. As in-teresting as Russia might be, tax pol-icy is going to be far, far more con-sequential in the long term. Whatever comes of the Russian situation in the election and conspiracies or other kinds of conflicts will bear themselves out over the next several years or months. Tax policy, however, is some-thing that America is going to live with for a long, long time, were it to pass. There are many things we could say about it. One is that, yes, the top 1 per-cent of America’s wealthiest people— you take 360 million of us Americans and take the top 1 percent—are going to get 50 percent of all of the tax cuts that are in this multitrillion-dollar tax cut legislation. So a trillion and a half dollars over the next 10 years to the top 1 percent ought to really drive up that problem that we call income disparity in the United States, you know, what we used to talk about: the rich get richer and the poor get poorer, or that America has a real problem with the super-wealthy controlling most of the wealth and the rest of Americans really left behind. So this tax bill is going to make it even worse. Now, that is really good. How does it do that? Well, let’s see. By eliminating the es-tate tax. Yes, five members of Presi-dent Trump’s Cabinet, including the President, would benefit in the billions. You see, the estate tax would be elimi-nated in just 4 years, about the same time they would be leaving the admin-istration. What does that mean? Well, if you have a billion-dollar es-tate and there is a tax on that, you can eliminate the first $10 million, $11 mil-lion of that, but you have a 40 percent tax on the remainder. Well, that is about $400 million in estate tax. Who would have a billion-dollar es-tate? The President, Mr. ROSS, the Treas-ury Secretary, maybe the Education Secretary, maybe others. So who is going to benefit from this? The superwealthy, to the tune of mil-lions upon millions or hundreds of mil-lions of dollars of the estate tax itself. There is much more to that. Amer-ican corporations would see their top rating from 39 down to 20. Who is going to benefit from that? Well, we heard the Treasury Sec-retary say the American workers will. Where is the evidence for that? There is no evidence for that, none at all; in fact, quite the contrary. The Treasury Department’s own tax anal-ysis section says that 70 percent of the after-profit taxes now go to, guess who. Stockholders and executives, not to the workers. It used to be that way back in the sixties and seventies. Maybe 70 percent went to the workers, went to increas-ing plants and equipment, investments in the United States. It is not that way anymore. Quite the contrary. The American workers will be left behind once again by those tax reductions. That is not to say we shouldn’t re-duce the nominal tax rate for corpora-tions. Yes, we should, but we should do it in a way that actually helps Amer-ican workers. It keeps investments in the United States. But, no, not this tax proposal. This one actually creates what is called territorial accounting for international corporations. Let’s suppose that you have an inter-national corporation located in Silicon Valley. We have some really big ones there. Territorial taxes would be that all of the earnings that that corpora-tion has outside of the United States would be beyond being taxed by the United States, even though it is an American corporation that can manip-ulate the price of its goods and services to actually push, overseas, its profits. Brilliant. You want to bring jobs back to America? Don’t do territorial tax re-form. It doesn’t work for the American worker. It works for the stockholders. Their stocks and stock prices will go up. They will be able to receive even more benefits. That is only $3 trillion over 10 years of reduction for corporation taxes. Who benefits? Wall Street corporate executives. Who loses? The American worker loses. One more thing that is on my mind is that I used to hear last year, the year before last, the year before that—in fact, for the last two decades—a lot of talk from about more than half of the Members of this House of Representa-tives who would talk about the hor-rible impact of the American deficit and that it would lead to ruin for the American economy, our grandchildren would be left to pay it off, and all the horrible things that the deficit would bring to the United States, ultimately leading to the collapse of the American economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.124 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8591 November 7, 2017 
Well, there is some truth in that. The hyperbole was a little bit more than necessary, but, indeed, it is a problem to see our deficit ever increasing. Every now and then, we come up against the debt limit, and, oh, my goodness, the debate that took place here: We have got to stop it. We have got to stop deficit financing. We have got to bring our budget back into bal-ance. Not a bad idea. In fact, it is the right thing to do. And, by the way, it was ac-tually done during the Clinton admin-istration. For 2 years, almost 3 years, the American Federal Government ran a surplus, and it was estimated that in the 2000 to 2010 period, if that surplus were to continue, it might lead to a significant and troublesome reduction in the American debt. That is a com-plex question as to why that would be troublesome, but, nonetheless, it was said. b2000 So what happened? George W. Bush came in, cut taxes, decided we would go to war, first war ever in America’s history that was not financed by taxes but by borrowing, mostly from China, and the deficit began to explode. And then there was the great collapse in 2008, and the def-icit went right through the roof. So we have been living, since that time of the George W. Bush tax cuts with a deficit, a structural deficit that has not been solved despite all the rhetoric from the deficit hawks. Now, I guess the deficit hawks, like the Canadian geese, have somehow mi-grated to the far south of Washington, D.C., because I don’t hear any around here today. They have migrated some-where far away from Washington. But what I hear from those previous folks that called themselves deficit hawks is that they want to drive up the Amer-ican deficit, that they have a proposal to actually increase the American def-icit. Oh, wonderful, they say, not to worry. We can increase the deficit by well over $1.5 trillion in the next dec-ade and it will be lovely. We will create more jobs. I am going: Excuse me. I must have missed something in this debate. You just said a year ago that those deficits would somehow create a calamity for the American economy, that we would lose jobs, we would lose our competi-tiveness, that we would come to ruin, and now you are telling me I shouldn’t worry about a $1.5 trillion increase in the deficit over the next decade? Wow, how does that work? How does that happen? I want to share something with you. I became—trying to understand what this was all about, how could it be 6 months ago or a year ago they were deficit hawks and they had to do away with the deficit and now they want to increase the deficit? What is this all about? So I asked my staff: Give me some numbers. Don’t we have what we know as a structural deficit built into the budget of the United States tax reve-nues significantly lower than the ex-penditures, and therefore we have this structural deficit? Show me what those numbers are. So they did, and here they are. Structural deficit, 2018, the struc-tural deficit is $567 billion. That is half a trillion. That is the structural deficit that exists today without any of this discussion about tax cuts. Next year, 2019, it is expected to be $689 billion, two-thirds of $1 trillion in 1 year—in 1 year. And it goes on. The structural deficit in 2020, $775 billion. That is the ongoing structural deficit in the Federal budget: revenue received, expenditures—expenditures $775 billion more than the revenue in 2020. This isn’t talking about the new tax cuts that are being discussed now here in Congress. And so it goes. In 2022, it is $1 trillion annual struc-tural deficit. So what does this tax cut mean? Oh, it is only $1.4 trillion or $1.5 tril-lion over a 10-year period, but that is on top of the existing structural def-icit. So here you have it. This year, the existing structural deficit before any tax cuts, we are talking about $563 bil-lion. Added to that, as a result of the Republican Ryan-McConnell-Trump tax cuts, we are adding $114 billion on top of $563 billion so that the struc-tural deficit, should this new tax cut ever come into place, will be $677 bil-lion—not millions, billions. Over the next 10 years, by the end of the 10-year period, as that tax cut, this new tax cut goes into effect, with the addition adding to the existing struc-tural deficit, in the year 2027, 10 years from now, you can expect a $1.6 trillion structural deficit. This is a problem. It is a problem that is made even worse—even worse— by the fact that the benefit of the tax cut does not go to economic growth, but quite the contrary. It does not go to the working men and women, the middle class of America who really do need to have a better way, better wages, more money in their pockets, a better living, a better ability to take care of their family and their children, a better education, a better oppor-tunity, and a better infrastructure. No. No. None of that will happen. Instead, what will happen as a result of the Re-publican tax cut is that the wealthy will get wealthier. Remember this: 50 percent of all of the tax cut benefits—and we are talk-ing trillions here, as much as $3 trillion over a 10-year period. Fifty percent of that will go to the top 1 percent of Americans. We are talking the super-wealthy here. That is not a better way. That is an awful way to run a government. That is an awful thing for an economy when you continue to skew the American economy to the superwealthy and leave behind the American worker, the American family struggling to do bet-ter, struggling to have a better oppor-tunity for their children in school, a better road or a better bus or a better train on which to travel, a better transportation system. So here we are. Here we are in the House of Representatives debating in committee today how to make the def-icit worse, how to increase the struc-tural deficit over the next 10 years, how to literally run this country into bankruptcy. No, we are not going to go bankrupt, but what we will do, we will terminate key programs as we struggle to find ways of balancing the budget with so little Federal revenue available to us as a result of these tax cuts. I could probably go on for an hour and just work myself into a rage about the lost opportunity. We Democrats have proposed a better solution, a better way to deal with the tax policies, one that actually provides benefits to the working families of America, who, as our Republican friends like to say, sit around the kitchen table and worry about their debts. Yes, indeed, they do. They worry about it. We have a better way of pro-viding for the infrastructure, a better way of providing for our national secu-rity, our education, and on and on. The architect of those programs that lay out a better way for the American economy and the American worker and the American family is with us here to-night, our minority leader, Ms. P
ELOSI . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ). Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I accept his compliment on behalf of the House Democratic Caucus, which really developed the better deal. It sprang from our membership, with con-sensus based on our values that keep us united for America’s working families. That is the unifying factor in our Democratic Caucus in the House. Mr. G
ARAMENDI , I thank you for your diligence in always coming to the floor and speaking truth about the numbers, about what they mean to America’s fu-ture, and also about making it in America. So much of that is violated by what the Republicans have put forth. I thank you for starting with the budget, because a budget should be a statement of national values. What is important to us as a nation should be reflected in how we allocate our re-sources. That is how we Democrats have always thought of it and acted upon it. That is not what is present in the Re-publican budget on which these taxes are predicated. Would it be a statement of your val-ues to take $1.5 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid and give a $1.5 trillion tax cut to corporate America while, at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.126 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8592 November 7, 2017 
the same time, saying to working fami-lies you are going to have to pay what little—hit them on their deduction on SALT, the State and local taxes, and rubbing salt in the wound by saying that corporations don’t have that de-duction taken away from them and, at the same time, in this tax plan, mak-ing it advantageous for corporations to send jobs overseas by having them pay a lower tax for a factory they set up abroad than they would pay in the United States? It is just not right. It is just not fair. You have been a champion, along with Mr. H
OYER , on making it in Amer-ica. Again, this tax proposal that the Republicans are putting forth does vio-lence to all of that. And thank you for pointing out the structural nature of what they are doing to the budget. The Republicans, our colleagues, are supposed to be def-icit hawks. We agree that we must pay as you go. That has been our modus operandi until the Republicans came along and removed that: You want something? Pay as you go. Republicans contend to be deficit hawks, but that must be an endangered species because none of them seem to recognize or acknowledge the damage they are doing to our fiscal soundness as we go out not just in the first 10 years, which is damaging enough and structurally horrible enough, but in the following 10 years. And we in Con-gress, when we make proposals that have a budget impact, have to account for not only the first 10 years, but the second 10 years. Mr. Speaker, in the second 10 years, the horror of what the Republican tax bill does to the budget is a hem-orrhaging—a hemorrhaging. This tax bill, when Members vote for it, if they do, will be an assault on our children’s future. It is not only fiscally unsound, it is morally ungrounded because it says to our children and, in my case, our grandchildren: You are going to have to pay the bill. The sad part of it is it has an impact on the budget. It comes back and says, well, we have so much deficit and so much debt service, so much interest on the national debt, we are now going to have to make further cuts in edu-cation, in research and development, in all of the initiatives that produce inno-vation. Innovation begins in the classroom. They make an assault on the classroom in this tax bill. It is going to get worse when they try to pay for it. Then, of course, it is fiscal engineer-ing so that they can go after Medicare and Medicaid, Social Security once again. They have never really believed in Medicare. They say it should wither on the vine, and in this bill, they do vi-olence to it. But let’s just talk about what this does to the State of California, my col-league, because our Golden State, which we are proud to represent, is a great economic resource to the Na-tion—to the Nation. It contributes enormously to our balance in trade, whether it is agriculture from your area, innovation, entertainment, what-ever it is. California is a big producer of favorable balance of trade for Amer-ica. Without California and without the industries that it has spread through-out the country, we would be in an even worse trade situation than we are now for all the giveaways that the Re-publicans are giving in the trade issue. But let me just talk about this and what it means to people in their homes at their kitchen table when they are trying to pay the bills, establish their own priorities, make ends meet. It is shocking, Mr. Speaker, it is ab-solutely shocking that 14 of our col-leagues from California voted for a budget, and now many of them are pro-posing to vote for a tax bill, that will hurt their constituents to the tune of tens of thousands of their constituents. D
OUGLAMALFA , the First District of California, around 100,000 households in his district claim the SALT deduction to the tune of thousands of dollars, and they will lose that. T
OMMCCLINTOCK , around 100,000 or more claimed the deduction, and that is 36 percent of the households in his district, and they will lose thousands of dollars. How does P
AUL COOK explain to his constituents, 57,000 of them who have claimed the deduction, that he is going to cost them thousands of dollars by increasing their tax bill? b2015 J
EFFDENHAM , he is really going to have to explain it very hard to a large percentage of his constituents as to how he is increasing their tax bill by thousands of dollars. D
AVID VALADAO , tens of thousands of his constituents will get the bad news if he insists on voting for this bill, which will cost them thousands of dol-lars. D
EVIN NUNES , tens of thousands of his constituents will pay the price for his lack of courage in a vote to go down the line with the Republicans to give a tax break to the wealthiest corporate America at the expense of their con-stituents, a direct expense and cost to their constituents. K
EVIN MCCARTHY says to corporate America: We will give you $1.5 trillion tax cut, and guess who is paying for it? Around over 100,000 of my constituents to the tune of thousands of dollars. S
TEVE KNIGHT : Don’t worry, my con-stituents, we are giving the tax cut to corporate America, $1.5 trillion, and we are taking it out of your pocket, you are paying more. Sadly, E
DROYCE has the largest number of people who will be affected, close to 100,000 people, and they will be spending thousands of dollars more in the taxes that they pay because of SALT. K
ENCALVERT , the same thing, tens of thousands paying thousands of dollars more. MIMIWALTERS , how does she explain to her constituents, tens of thousands of them, that they will be paying thou-sands of dollars more in taxes? Why? To give a tax break to the top 2 per-cent: 80 percent of the tax break goes to the top 2 percent, 50 percent of it goes to the top 1 percent, $1.5 trillion goes to corporate America. D
ANAROHRABACHER , the same thing, tens of thousands of people will be pay-ing thousands of dollars more. D
ARRELL ISSA. Hopefully D ARRELL  won’t vote for this. Hopefully some of these constituents will make sure that their Member of Congress knows that they see what is happening. D
ARRELL  I
SSA, well over 100,000 constituents paying thousands of dollars more. D
UNCAN HUNTER , the same thing, around the same number. Well over 100,000—well over 150,000 paying thou-sands of dollars more. That represents about a third of his district. But, as I said before, to rub salt in the wounds, while they are saying to their constituents, ‘‘You are going to pay more because we are taking away your deduction,’’ they are saying to corporate America, ‘‘Your deductions for State and local taxes you keep.’’ It is just remarkable. Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Leader, if I might, you said SALT. It is like real-ly pouring salt on a wound. But SALT is State and local taxes. So for California, New Jersey, New York, Illinois, and other States that have big populations, they collect this revenue, and it cannot be deducted. The numbers you have, I understand those came from the Department of the Treasury and the IRS. Ms. PELOSI. And I underestimated them because I know they would ques-tion them, so I gave a conservative view. It is worse. But you bring up the State and local, what SALT means, State and local taxes. The State and localities, did you see there is a letter—I don’t have it right here—from the mayors of scores of cities in California asking the Mem-bers of Congress not to vote for this be-cause of the provision that is in there that undermines their ability to ad-dress the education needs of their con-stituents, of the people in those towns and cities, the public safety issues? We had a firefighter come testify as to what it means to public safety, to law enforcement, to meeting the needs of people so that they can learn, that they can work, that they can raise their families, and to do so in a way that everyone pays his or her fair share. That is not the case here. So, again, it is a boon to the megarich corporate special interest and a bust to the middle class. It also is very harmful to small business. While the Republicans will say this is good for the middle class, it is not. They give with one hand something and take with another, so they can set the banquet table for the superrich cor-porate America and throw some crumbs to the middle class and say: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.128 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8593 November 7, 2017 
Sucker. I am just telling it the way it is. Instead, Democrats say: Let’s go to the table, let’s be respectful of each other’s views, let’s have a clear objec-tive debate on putting growth in the middle table—what creates growth for our economy, generating good-paying jobs, not stagnated wages, good-paying jobs, and reduces the deficit, instead of taking us into a hemorrhaging state of deficit in the years to come. That is part of what is now. If time allows, and after the gentleman says his remarks, I will go into some of the specific ways in which cruelty is dem-onstrated in this budget. But right now, I just want to say this is a letter to the California delegation from 24 cities with their seals at the top and the signature of their mayors, some of them Republican, who have asked not to pass a bill that has this provision in it. Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Leader, you raised a very important point early on here about the way in which— I just heard you ask to reach out to Re-publicans to sit down and talk about how to structure a decent tax reform, not just a tax cut for the wealthy. My understanding is the Republicans have not even offered a moment—a sec-ond—to discuss these tax bills with any of us, nor have they had even one hear-ing on the most consequential eco-nomic policy that this Nation could put forward. Not a hearing at all, but rushing out secretly. Today, I under-stand they had a markup, but no wit-nesses, other than someone to answer questions as to the impact. And there has been discussion about the past major tax cut of Ronald Rea-gan’s in 1986, in which we heard that there were 2 years of hearings all around the Nation and, I guess, more than 30 hearings in Congress before that major tax bill passed in 1986. But now here we are rushing this huge monumental and very detrimental tax bill through. Now, that is what I have heard, and I am not in the leadership, but, as far as I know, they haven’t talked to you. Ms. PELOSI. No. Well, what you see is they haven’t really talked to the American people because they don’t want the American people to know what is in this bill. You would think that at the time when the bill is being marked up in committee, when they came to the floor instead of engaging in their con-spiracy theories, they would, instead, brag about what they are doing if they think it is right, but they are not. And the reason is they are going so fast. This is the speed of light, in the dark of night, so that nobody knows until it is too late, but we are going to make sure that everyone does. Let me correct my statement. I am not sure if any of the Republican may-ors signed this letter, but 24 mayors did. I see two prominent mayors lack-ing on here, and I guess the discipline of the Republican Party is extended to the mayors. But their cities will suffer, and they know it. Just another point, because you brought up process. I am not into proc-ess. This is about what does this mean to America’s families. But because you brought it up, it is important to know that they don’t want people to know, and that is why their process is so be-hind closed doors. Their members didn’t even know what was in this until a couple of days ago. Mr. GARAMENDI. You said it. I was astounded that, during the first Special Order hour, there were about 12 mem-bers of the Republican Party who came down here on some weird conspiracy theory, and I am going: Wait a minute, guys, why don’t you talk about your tax bill; why don’t you sit up here and brag about all of the good things you are doing on the tax bill? Apparently they want to hide. Ms. PELOSI. Every single one of them is voting to raise the taxes of their constituents. And in California—not that they were from California—but the non-partisan Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy estimates that 5.5 million California taxpayers—that is about a third of our taxpayers, and that is families, so that is many peo-ple—will see an average tax increase of $4,180; 2.2 million of those receiving a tax increase will have incomes of less than $110,000. Mr. GARAMENDI. That is middle-in-come. Ms. PELOSI. So how can they say to the middle class, this is for you? Mr. GARAMENDI. You were laying out, Madam Leader, our Republican colleagues from California who seem to ignore or want to not even think about the State and local tax deduction, and also the mortgage interest deduction. Trying to find a house in California that is for less than $500,000 or $700,000 is virtually impossible. Certainly in the bay area, much of southern Cali-fornia, and in the Sacramento region, it is almost impossible. So by reducing that mortgage inter-est deduction, together with State and local taxes, you are seriously increas-ing the tax burden on homeowners and on working men and women in Cali-fornia. You laid it out so very well. In the district directly to my south—Mr. D
ENHAM ’s district—101,000 of his con-stituents currently have a $7,982 aver-age deduction for State and local taxes, and for the mortgage interest. They will lose that, and they will wind up paying somewhere between 25 to 30 per-cent on that lost deduction. So let’s say 25 percent of $8,000 is what, $2,000? New taxes right there. Ms. PELOSI. New taxes. And we all want to encourage home-ownership because it is putting down roots. Building community is very im-portant. But it is not just California, it is across the country. We are speaking from our experience. We are holding the California Repub-licans accountable. But every one of the Members who votes here is doing an injustice to the ability of States and local governments to do their job. We are cutting taxes. Now you go raise them so you can get the job done. So it makes matters even worse when you see what else is there. Some of the cruelties that are in the bill, I mean, macrowise we know that this is a big transfer of wealth from middle class people to corporate Amer-ica and to the superrich. We know that it is unfair to the middle class and will raise taxes on the middle class. It will increase the deficit. It is a legacy as-sault on our children’s future. In addi-tion, it deprives us opportunity cost to our budget in the near-term. But there are some things in here that maybe are illustrative of the fact that this is not a statement of any-body’s values that you know. Let’s talk about education for a mo-ment. First of all, with all due respect, Mr. Speaker, one of the dumbest moves in this bill, with stiff competition, but one of the dumbest moves in this bill is the cut to education. Nothing brings more money to the Treasury than in-vesting in education: early childhood, K–12, higher education, postgrad, life-time learning. And in this bill, they, of course, make an assault on education. For example, if you have a student loan, right now you have a $2,500 deduc-tion for your interest payment on the loan. Not in this bill. Make that zero. What? What did the middle class ever do to the Republicans that they are going to take away a deduction for in-terest on student loans when it is hard enough to save up and pay for college? Next, now let’s just go down to grade school. You are a teacher and you bring to school supplies for the class-room because your district is too poor to afford all of the things that the chil-dren would like to have. Right now, you get a tax deduction for what you bring to the classroom, but not in this bill. They have to take that away so they can give a tax break to the superrich so that schoolteacher isn’t even compensated adequately, is sacri-ficing her personal funds, gets a tax break, but they take it away because the top 2 percent are desperate for their tax cut. But I don’t think they are. I have more faith in the people of our country to say: Let us pay our fair share and let’s do what is right. But the list goes on on the things about lifetime learning and employers being able to provide for the training of workers: bye-bye. Let me just tell you this one, since we are talking about education and children. In the bill, right now you get a tax credit to help you with adopting a child. b2030 Such a joy to a family. If you are adopting a child with special needs, a tax credit. Not now. They have got to take that tax credit away from you. You don’t need it anymore because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.129 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8594 November 7, 2017 
they have got to give it to corporate America. If your employer decides that their place of business wants to help you with adoption, they get a deduction for helping you with your adoption. Not under this bill. Say good-bye to that. Tax credit to the family adopting, tax deduction to the employer all gone so they can give the top 1 percent of our country 50 percent of this benefit at the cost of America’s working fami-lies. If you have medical needs, since 1944, you could deduct medical expenses for extraordinary medical needs. Very im-portant to America’s families. Not any-more. Say good-bye to that because we have got to take care of the superrich, so the pressure is on you. The list goes on and on, but it gets personal. For families, it makes a dif-ference as to whether their children can go to college. It makes a difference as to whether they can make ends meet with their medical expenses. It makes a difference if they don’t have their State and local tax deduction. Again, this is across the country. We are speaking from our California experi-ence. It would take all night to go through the sins in this tax bill. I just wanted to give you a touch of some of those and how they directly impact Amer-ica’s working families while they pro-fess that they are helping them. Not true. Then they say: Oh, it is going to pay for itself. Never has, never has. Don’t take it from us. Bruce Bartlett, who is part of this supply side economics leadership as well as the trickle-down economics, said: We never said it would pay for itself. Anybody who says it does, it is not true. It is nonsense. He even went on to say it was BS, as I am allowed to say on the floor of the House in its initial form. These other things they say that just aren’t true—oh, they take the name of Bill Bradley and Dick Gephardt in vain, and even President Ronald Reagan: Oh, this is what they did. No, this isn’t what they did. They had over 400 people to testify, 30 hear-ings over a period of a couple of years, and worked in a bipartisan way to iron out so that it would have sustain-ability. That is the only way you get a good tax bill, is if it is bipartisan and sustainable. So, in any event, this is a moment of truth for the American people, and we want the truth to be known. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distin-guished gentleman for calling the Spe-cial Order. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Leader for joining us to-night. I remember here on the floor, when the debate occurred over the budget that did pass the House of Representa-tives a couple of weeks ago, you spoke eloquently on the floor about what this budget would mean, that it would open the door to some very bad public poli-cies, in fact, public policies that would harm individual Americans as well as the American economy, and you were very passionate about it. You said that about the budget, which passed the House only on Republican votes, no Democrat votes. Ms. PELOSI. And just barely. Just barely. Mr. GARAMENDI. Yes. J
EFF D
ENHAM , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and the other Republicans from California in-cluded. Ms. PELOSI. All 14 California Repub-licans, like lemmings to the sea, be-traying the economic security of their constituents’ families. Mr. GARAMENDI. You laid it out. You made it very, very clear that it would lead to a tax bill that would be harmful. We had some ideas then what it would be, but we had no idea that it would be such a horrendous problem for the American economy and particu-larly for the American workers and middle class. You laid that out very well. You also laid out very, very clearly that in that budget was the blueprint for the evisceration of programs that Americans depend upon. You talked about Medicare and you talked about Medicaid, of which 60 percent of Med-icaid goes to seniors in nursing homes across this Nation, and the potential cut that would come to Medicare. You also talked about how it would, as you just did, go after the education system, after research that we need for medical research, and economics, and all of the sciences. You talked about the infrastructure. You laid out that that budget bill was the template. We are now seeing that template come to reality on the floor of the House first with this tax cut. Probably within months, should this tax bill pass, we are going to see the rest of what you told us to watch out for. Watch out for the cuts coming to Medicare, watch out for the cuts coming to Medicaid, to education, to infrastructure, to the things that Americans depend upon in their daily lives, the Meals on Wheels program, and then the supplemental nutrition programs. Standing right here, I remember I was in the back of the room here, and I heard you speak about what would happen if that budget bill passed the House. It did. Now we are seeing the first step. There will be another step. They will come back after the Afford-able Care Act and medical care and all of that. I wish you were wrong. Ms. PELOSI. I do, too. Mr. GARAMENDI. What you did standing here warning us, I wish you were wrong, but you are not. You are absolutely correct. Now we are seeing it play out here in secret without pub-lic hearings. We are going to talk about this, and I hope the American people will hold those accountable who vote for such a horrendous economic policy, one that actually creates a structural deficit that will be virtually impossible for America to get out of, and all of the harm that will come by shifting enor-mous wealth to the men and women who already are the wealthiest ever in the last 400 years. The wealthy in America have accumulated more wealth in a smaller group than at any time in the last 4 centuries dating back to the Spanish Crown in 1500 and 1600. That is bad economics, bad social pol-icy. That is what they are doing. Thank you so very much for joining us tonight. Ms. PELOSI. It was my pleasure. Mr. GARAMENDI. We are going to drive this and make sure the American public knows what is coming down. Ms. PELOSI. I thank you, because one thing that we must make sure they know is that this is not tax reform. It is not a tax cut unless you are in the top 2 percent or a corporation. But if you are a middle class American or a working family in our country, you are susceptible to an increase in what you pay in taxes. It is just not fair. I thank Mr. G
ARAMENDI for his re-lentless leadership. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank you, Madam Leader. As I close, I will just say that this is not the last of this debate. We are going to make sure that the American public knows what is happening to them and what this Republican Con-gress is doing to the American public. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 38 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 8, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3114. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-069, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3115. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-038, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO7.131 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8595 November 7, 2017 
3116. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-040, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3117. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-081, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3118. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-059, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3119. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-072, pursuant to Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3120. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-022, pursuant to Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3121. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-026, pursuant to Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3122. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-061, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3123. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-048, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3124. A letter from the Director, Office of Management, Department of Energy, trans-mitting the Department’s annual list of Gov-ernment activities that are and are not in-herently governmental in nature, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3125. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel (GLER), Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting a notification of a va-cancy, designation of acting officer, nomina-tion, and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3126. A letter from the Chairman, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Inspector General’s semi-annual report for April 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 3127. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s annual report concerning the Post-9/ 11 Educational Assistance Program, pursu-ant to 38 U.S.C. 3325(a)(1); Public Law 112-154, Sec. 402(a)(1); (126 Stat. 1189); jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Vet-erans’ Affairs. 3128. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Revi-sions to Payment Policies under the Physi-cian Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Part B for CY 2018; Medicare Shared Savings Program Requirements; and Medicare Diabe-tes Prevention Program [CMS-1676-F] (RIN: 0938-AT02) received November 3, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 3129. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program: Hos-pital Outpatient Prospective Payment and Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Sys-tems and Quality Reporting Programs [CMS- 1678-FC] (RIN: 0938-AT03) received November 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); joint-ly to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce and Ways and Means. 3130. A letter from the Administrator, En-vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s report entitled, ‘‘Mis-sissippi River/Gulf of Mexico Watershed Nu-trient Task Force: 2017 Report to Congress’’, pursuant to Sec. 604 of the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Amendments Act of 2014; jointly to the Com-mittees on Natural Resources and Science, Space, and Technology. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1133. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a vet-eran, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–393). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 2123. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of telemedicine, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–394). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 2601. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve the access of veterans to organ transplants, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–395). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3634. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that individuals may access documentation verifying the monthly house stipend paid to the individual under the Pose-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance Program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs (Rept. 115–396). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3705. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to require the use of certified mail ad plain language in certain debt collection activities; with an amendment (Rept. 115–397). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3949. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approving agencies for multi-State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assistance pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; with an amendment (Rept. 115–398). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1900. A bill to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Co-lumbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Me-morial and Museum, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–399, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4173. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line; with an amendment (Rept. 115–400). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 609. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2201) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registration re-quirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–401). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Natural Resources dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 1900 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 4263. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 4264. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Bureau of Land Management land in Cache County, Utah, to the City of Hyde Park for public purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. D
ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. D ENT, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R
USH, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S
HUSTER , Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. K
IND, Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. B RAT, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. S
TEWART ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07NO7.000 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8596 November 7, 2017 
H.R. 4265. A bill to modernize the sugar program under the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996, to pro-vide for the repeal of the feedstock flexi-bility program for bioenergy producers under the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 and marketing allotments for sugar under the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Ms. P
INGREE ): H.R. 4266. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. M CHENRY , and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 4267. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to change certain re-quirements relating to the capital structure of business development companies, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to business de-velopment companies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. C LAY, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. N ADLER ): H.R. 4268. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for a 7-day waiting period before a semiautomatic firearm, a si-lencer, armor piercing ammunition, or a large capacity ammunition magazine may be transferred; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for her-self and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois): H.R. 4269. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the school voucher State tax credit loophole by lim-iting the double benefit of charitable con-tributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 4270. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to ensure transparency in the con-duct of monetary policy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. L
EE, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Ms. H
ANABUSA ): H.R. 4271. A bill to block the implementa-tion of certain presidential actions that re-strict individuals from certain countries from entering the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Home-land Security, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C RIST, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. L EE, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM ): H.R. 4272. A bill to include community partners and intermediaries in the planning and delivery of education and related pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. DEGETTE (for herself, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H.R. 4273. A bill to prohibit the sale or dis-tribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 21; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B RAT, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. B UDD, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Flor-ida, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. B
UCK): H.R. 4274. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for accredita-tion reform, to require institutions of higher education to publish information regarding student success, to provide for fiscal ac-countability, and to provide for school ac-countability for student loans; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia): H.R. 4275. A bill to provide for the develop-ment and dissemination of programs and ma-terials for training pharmacists, health care providers, and patients on indicators that a prescription is fraudulent, forged, or other-wise indicative of abuse or diversion, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4276. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to require voting sys-tems used in elections for Federal office to produce a voter-verified, auditable paper record of the votes cast in such elections, to require State election officials to audit the results of such elections prior to certifying the results, to provide grants to States to improve voting system security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ (for himself and Mr. E
SPAILLAT ): H.R. 4277. A bill to ensure that the Federal share of the costs of certain assistance relat-ing to Hurricanes Irma and Maria is 100 per-cent, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 4278. A bill to ensure that the oper-ations of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System remain independent from the credit policy of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 4279. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise any rules necessary to enable closed-end compa-nies to use the securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers of securities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 4280. A bill to provide for the sunset of rules one year after the date on which they are finalized, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIHUEN (for himself and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 4281. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to expand access to capital for rural-area small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. P ERRY , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , and Mr. D ONOVAN ): H.R. 4282. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Director of the Office of Refugee Resettlements of the Department of Health and Human Services to establish additional procedures for mak-ing placement determinations for all unac-companied alien children who are in Federal custody by reason of their immigration sta-tus, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 4283. A bill to encourage States to re-quire the installation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio): H.R. 4284. A bill to establish a Federal Co-ordinator within the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 4285. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 4286. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a grant program for em-ployers to develop and carry out job training programs for veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 4287. A bill to establish a broadband infrastructure finance and innovation pro-gram to make available loans, loan guaran-tees, and lines of credit for the construction and deployment of broadband infrastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. P
ITTENGER ): H.R. 4288. A bill to enhance the security of Taiwan and bolster its participation in the international community, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. B
ARR): H.R. 4289. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to repeal certain disclosure require-ments related to coal and mine safety; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07NO7.100 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8597 November 7, 2017 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 4290. A bill to require the Attorney General to study whether an individual’s his-tory of domestic violence can be used to de-termine the likelihood of such individual committing a mass shooting; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 4291. A bill to utilize loans and loan guarantees under the rural broadband access program to provide broadband service for ag-ricultural producers and to provide universal service support for installation charges for broadband service for agricultural producers in order to improve precision farming and ranching, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): H.R. 4292. A bill to reform the living will process under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4293. A bill to reform the Comprehen-sive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. C
HABOT ): H. Con. Res. 90. Concurrent resolution con-demning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. H AR-
RIS): H. Res. 608. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Fam-ine-Genocide of 1932-1933 (Holodomor) should serve as a reminder of repressive Soviet poli-cies against the people of Ukraine; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ALLEN (for himself and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut): H. Res. 610. A resolution expressing support for the designation of November 9, 2017, as ‘‘National Diabetes Heart Health Awareness Day’’, coinciding with American Diabetes Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 611. A resolution recognizing the denial of full voting rights in Congress for veterans and their families who are District of Columbia residents; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 4263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 4264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, section 3 By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 4265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 4266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States.’’ By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 4267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 4268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 4269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clause I: The Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 4270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (i.e. Article I , Section 8, Clause 3 and 5) By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 4271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. ’’ By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 4272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. DEGETTE: H.R. 4273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 4274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’), Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’), and the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution (‘‘The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-ple.’’). By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 4275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ: H.R. 4277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. HILL: H.R. 4278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 4279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 4280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution, including the power granted Congress under Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18, of the United States Con-stitution, and the power granted to each House of Congress under Article I, Section 5, Clause 2, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KIHUEN: H.R. 4281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 4282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4—To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uni-form laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 4283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 4284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. LoBIONDO: H.R. 4285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . .’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07NO7.100 H07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8598 November 7, 2017 
By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 4286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-stitution By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 4287. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 4288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 4289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’). By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 4290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 4291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States of America. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 176: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 535: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 559: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. D
AVIDSON , and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 592: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 620: Mr. C
OMER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 632: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 644: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 747: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 754: Ms. A
DAMS and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 785: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 820: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. A
RRINGTON , Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. H UIZENGA . H.R. 843: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 846: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 952: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 959: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1017: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1094: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1133: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 1136: Mr. W
OODALL . H.R. 1153: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 1155: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1164: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1178: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B
UCK, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. D AVID-
SON, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 1276: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1357: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1450: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 1478: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 1494: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1498: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 1552: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 1676: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 1817: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 1828: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1953: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1987: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 2076: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2092: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 2101: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 2150: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2152: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 2198: Mr. P
AYNE , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2436: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2452: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 2465: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 2472: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 2482: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 2584: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 2641: Ms. E
SHOO and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 2723: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2740: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 2759: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2788: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2800: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2851: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 2858: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2862: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. K IND, Mr. H UN-
TER, and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 2925: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H.R. 2956: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 3032: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3107: Mr. R
USHand Mr. C OLE. H.R. 3124: Mr. C
OHEN and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 3160: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3222: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. H ECK, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 3317: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3345: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S
UOZZI , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 3380: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 3444: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 3447: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. K IND. H.R. 3459: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3530: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 3596: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. R
USH, and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 3642: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3664: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3681: Mr. R
USH, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. L EE, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. D ELANEY , and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 3711: Mr. SMUCKER and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 3738: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3751: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3759: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3761: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3767: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3780: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3797: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 3798: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3814: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3828: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire. H.R. 3831: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3843: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3887: Mr. C
LAYand Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 3928: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 3940: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 3983: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 4007: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 4036: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4082: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4092: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 4114: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4131: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4143: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 4145: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4155: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. H ECK, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. T
ORRES , and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 4173: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 4184: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 4207: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 4223: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4229: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. H
UDSON , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 4232: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4239: Mr. L
AMBORN , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 4240: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 4248: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 4253: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4254: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.J. Res. 65: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.J. Res. 120: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 59: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. H. Res. 129: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 161: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H. Res. 367: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H. Res. 495: Mr. P
OCAN . H. Res. 564: Mr. B
URGESS . H. Res. 571: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H. Res. 604: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. R
OYCE of California, and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO7.053 H07NOPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7033 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 2017 No. 181 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our Father, help us this day to love and serve one another in ways that honor Your Name. May our lawmakers manifest a cour-tesy that brings about constructive change. Grant our Senators a tolerance so that they may not be quick to con-demn ideas that differ from their own. Lord, give them such integrity so that their work may be their best whether there is anyone to see it or not. Bless and keep us all. Shine Your wisdom upon us, doing for us more than we can ask or imagine. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as we all know, the Senate has been quite busy. Legislatively, we have been hard at work on everything from budgets, to disaster relief, to consumer protec-tions, to tax reform. On the nominations front, we have taken strong action to strengthen the judiciary, including confirming a slate of very-well-qualified nominees in re-cent days. This week, we are con-tinuing our work to staff up the rest of the government as well. This is one of the Senate’s most important functions and one we take seriously. We are currently considering men and women who have been nominated to serve in many different roles at many different agencies. The one thing they all share in common is this: They are ready to get to work, and the soon-er we confirm them, the sooner they can get on the job for our country. First, we will vote to confirm John Gibson as Deputy Chief Management Officer at the Department of Defense. He will be responsible for increasing ef-ficiency throughout the Department’s business operations. Afterward, the Senate will continue its consideration of Steven Engel, who will, as I discussed yesterday, serve as the Deputy Attorney General in the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel. The next nomination we will consider is that of Peter Robb to serve as the General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board. For most of its 80-year existence, the NLRB has had the important responsi-bility of supporting stable labor rela-tions by acting as a fair and impartial umpire in the resolution of labor dis-putes. Unfortunately, that changed under the previous administration, which wielded its Board majority as an anti-worker political cudgel at the be-hest of special interests and union bosses. Instead of the Board’s historic commitment to impartially applying the law, the NLRB’s Obama-appointed Democratic majority put forward poli-cies that diminished the rights of em-ployees, hurt small businesses, and re-warded entrenched political elites at the expense of workers and the middle class. Thankfully, this Senate recently con-firmed a new majority to the NLRB that is already beginning to undo the damage of the past 8 years. Now we have the opportunity to build upon that good work with the nomination of Mr. Robb. The NLRB’s General Counsel is re-sponsible for investigating cases of un-fair labor practices and for advancing cases before the Board and its mem-bers. Mr. Robb will fulfill these duties under the aegis of a new Board major-ity that is returning the NLRB to its true mission once more. Labor policy is not simply some the-oretical abstraction for Mr. Robb; he knows what it means to work as a hos-pital orderly or a construction worker, welder, truckdriver, forklift operator, or highway sign maker because he him-self has worked in all of those jobs be-fore. After law school, Robb gained val-uable experience in employment law. His previous leadership roles, including as an NLRB regional field attorney and chief counsel to a Board member, con-tribute to making Robb an ideal can-didate to serve as the Board’s General Counsel. I look forward to voting to advance this nomination, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in helping restore the NLRB to the neutral umpire of labor disputes it was meant to be. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, our complex Tax Code is in desperate need of reform, and we now have a once-in-a-generation oppor-tunity to overhaul it. We all want an economy that reaches for its full po-tential again. We all want to support small businesses and the middle class. Tax reform represents the single most important action we can take today to advance goals such as these. I have heard from many Kentuckians calling out for relief from our outdated and burdensome Tax Code. Listen to this small business owner from Mur-ray, KY, who wrote to my office about his struggles under our current Tax Code. This is what he said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.000 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7034 November 7, 2017 
I am writing to stress the importance of tax reform for small businesses. As a small business owner, I have been saddle[d] with tax burdens since I began my business over 8 years ago. Tax reform for small business and families need[s] to be done immediately [so] we can have some economic hope once again. 
Small businesses just like this one are calling out for relief. So are fami-lies. So are middle-class workers all across our country. Instead of better opportunities, our Tax Code gives them a complicated web of schedules, deduc-tions, and regulations, a byzantine sys-tem that is easy for the wealthy and well-connected to exploit and impos-sible for almost anyone else to under-stand. It is time for a system that ac-tually helps the middle class succeed and actually encourages small busi-nesses to grow, invest, and hire. We want to help families plan for their future. We want to get the econ-omy going again and growing again. Most of all, we want to take more money out of Washington’s pockets and put more money in the pockets of the middle class. To accomplish these goals, both the House and the Senate are continuing to move forward to de-liver tax reform. Yesterday, the House Ways and Means Committee completed its first day of discussing the House legislative proposal unveiled last week. That bill, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, builds upon the unified tax reform framework and reflects goals shared by President Trump, Republicans in the House, and our conference here in the Senate—priorities shared by Americans of both parties all across our country. Later this morning, a group of Sen-ators, administration officials, and tax reform advocates will highlight the benefits of relief for families, small businesses, and the American economy. They will share their constituents’ calls for tax reform. As they do, the Senate Finance Com-mittee will continue its work on this important issue as well. Chairman H
ATCH will continue to lead the com-mittee through an open process, giving members the opportunity to provide their input, offer amendments, and work together to take another big step forward. I am grateful for the work of both Chairman B
RADY and Chairman H ATCH  to get us to this point. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are com-mitted to passing tax reform to help our Nation’s economy reach its full po-tential. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for de-bate only until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, later this week, the House will begin mark-ing up the Republican tax plan in record speed, with no hearings, no real discussion. Unfortunately, Senate Re-publicans are mimicking the House in trying to rush through their bill as well. It is said, the Senate Republicans will unveil a plan of their own, al-though I don’t expect there to be that much difference between the two. What has united the Republican tax reform efforts so far in this Congress has been a stubborn desire to reduce taxes paid by big corporations and the superrich. That is the core. The middle class ends up with the leftovers. Shockingly, millions in the middle class will actually see a tax increase, not just a handful but a large number. This morning’s New York Times did an analysis. According to them, one-third of all middle-class families would pay more in taxes next year under the House bill, and by 2026, nearly half of all middle-class families would pay more in taxes—almost half. Here is the newspaper article. This is the New York Times. They defined the middle class as households between $50,000 and $160,000—the backbone of America. Here is their headline. I don’t know if you can see it. ‘‘Republican Plan Would Raise Taxes on Millions of Middle-Class Families.’’ Here is the headline again printed a little larger so everyone here in America can see it. ‘‘Republican Plan Would Raise Taxes on Millions of Middle-Class Families.’’ That is the case. They did their anal-ysis. By the way, you say: Well, that is mainly in the coastal States. No. Even if it is not one-third, it is probably about 20 percent in the poorest of States. Large numbers of middle-class taxpayers in every State in this Union—coastal, noncoastal, New York, California but also Wyoming, Utah, and Nebraska—would pay a significant tax increase. Looking at the House bill, you can see why. Republicans either reduce or eliminate several middle-class tax de-ductions. The elimination of the per-sonal deduction, for example, which lets families deduct roughly $4,150 for each person in the household, would be costly to families of three or more. If you have a lot of kids, this bill is bad for you. Taxwise—if tax policy influ-ences behavior—they are trying to dis-courage bigger families. What does that say? Ending the personal exemp-tion makes the Republican tax plan an anti-large family bill. In many cases, the new benefits pro-vided to the middle class are insuffi-cient to fill the gap created by the loss of popular deductions, and, worse, many of the benefits are temporary, expiring after several years. So while some in the middle class may get an initial tax break, down the line, the break disappears, and taxes start to go up. As pointed out by David Kamin, a professor of tax law at NYU—and they have a great tax department, proudly from New York—Republicans have re-duced the value of middle-class tax breaks significantly over time. To meet their desires not to increase the deficit by too much—although $1.5 trillion is a heck of a lot—instead of re-ducing the tax breaks on the biggest corporations or the very wealthiest, they reduced them on the middle class. So in 5 years’ time, the $300/person family credit is gone. The child tax credits—unlike the personal exemp-tions they replaced—lose value over time because they are not indexed. They only increase with inflation. The Republicans use the same gimmicks to make the value of middle-class deduc-tions, like the standard deduction, lose value over time. So while some middle-class families may see a tax decrease in the very short run, a considerable number see a hidden tax increase a few years later. They have front-loaded the benefits to disguise a tax hike in the outyears. Look at this chart. Now, our Repub-lican colleagues picked the perfect family to benefit from their tax break. This middle-class family, when they proposed it, is a family making $59,000 a year. Well, the Institute for Taxation and Economic Policy looked at the Re-publican plan and found over one in five taxpayers, those earning between $56,000 and $150,000—the heart of the middle class—would see an average in-crease of $1,350 by 2027. Here it is. This is not a family who has medical ex-penses or kids in college—they lose those deductions—or a large mortgage or from a State with high personal in-come and sales taxes. This is the plain- vanilla, hand-picked family chosen by the Republicans to highlight the bene-fits of their plan. It is true. In the first year, they get a break around $1,100, but over the years, they get an increase. By 2027, even this hand-picked Republican fam-ily gets a tax increase. The bottom line is, the Republican tax plan is like a ticking timebomb for many hard-work-ing, middle-class families. Working middle-class families see a tax increase because the Republican plan reduces their benefits over time. Meanwhile, tax giveaways for the wealthiest Americans and huge cor-porations get better over time. The es-tate tax exemption goes up from $11 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.001 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7035 November 7, 2017 
million to $22 million for a couple, and then it is permanently repealed by 2023. The corporate rate cut and pass-through cut also stays permanent—a boon to wealthy shareholders. Middle- class tax deductions and credits expire. Deductions for corporations and the wealthiest are permanent or even get better. As Mark Mazer, the director of the Independent Tax Policy Center, said, ‘‘You could create a plan that just cuts taxes for middle-class people. That’s not what this is.’’ Yet that is how Re-publicans are selling it. A few days ago on Hugh Hewitt’s show, my friend the majority leader said that ‘‘at the end of the day, no-body in the middle class is going to get a tax increase’’ under the Republican bill. Again, that was M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL : ‘‘Nobody in the middle class is going to get a tax increase.’’ Well, if Leader M
CCONNELL was referring to the House bill, that is just a bold-faced lie, and he ought to retract it, but to give the Senator the benefit of the doubt, maybe he is referring to the Senate tax bill still under consideration. Let’s see. In the Republican bill, will nobody in the middle class get a tax increase? We will wait and see. If past is prologue, I doubt it because the House said no middle-class person would get an in-crease, then their bill walloped the middle class. One-third get an increase immediately, and then half get an in-crease over the next 10 years. I would remind my Senate Repub-lican colleagues that their House Re-publicans sold their bill as a middle- class bill—a middle-class tax cut—and then put together a plan that raises taxes on millions of middle-class fami-lies, one-third of all families making between $65,000 and $150,000. If the Senate bill follows the same path, promising universal, middle-class tax cuts but delivers smoke and mir-rors and hidden tax increases, it will get clobbered in the court of public opinion, as it would deserve. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 60 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Connecticut. GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, we are grieving yet again today another hor-rific mass shooting in a church in Texas—over 25 dead, others still clinging to life. We were barely past our stage of grief as more than 50 peo-ple were shot dead and 500 were injured at a country music concert in Las Vegas. Of course, every single night in this country, parents and brothers and sisters go to bed having lost their loved ones, and 90 people die every day from guns in this country. I just think it is worth stating that this happens nowhere else other than in the United States. This is not inevi-table. This is not something that we should accept. We are not impotent or helpless to try to change the scope of tragedy that is crippling for families that have to go through this. I want everyone to take a quick look at this pretty simple chart. The United States has more guns and more gun deaths than any other developed coun-try. It is not close, we are not even in the neighborhood of any of our other G–20 competitor nations. While the President told us the other day that this is a mental illness problem, one cannot explain this outlier status through a story of mental illness be-cause none of these other countries have any lower rate of mental illness. There are just as many people who are mentally ill in these countries as there are in our country. We cannot explain it by the attention we pay to mental illness. We spend more money on treating mental illness than these countries do. This isn’t a mental illness problem. We have to do better in treating people who have psy-chological disorders in this country, but the reason that we are an outlier nation when it comes to the number of gun deaths and the epic scale of our mass tragedies is explained by some-thing else. Here is a quick story. This graphic shows the States that have background check requirements on all gun sales in the private sector, and here are the States that have no background check laws beyond those that are required in Federal law. It is a fundamentally dif-ferent story when it comes to gun-re-lated homicides. In the States that have background check laws, the aver-age rate of homicide is substantially lower—substantially lower—than in States that haven’t background check laws. That is because in this country, with the loosest, most lax gun laws in the industrialized world, private citi-zens are able to get their hands on weapons that are designed not for hunting and not for shooting for sport but to kill. These tactical assault-style weapons are being used over and over in these mass tragedies, and more peo-ple end up in harm’s way. Smarter gun laws—just making sure that the right people have guns, not the wrong people—lead to less gun deaths. It is time for us to admit that this is a uniquely American problem and that it deserves our attention rath-er than our silence, which has been our response every single session that I have been a Member of Congress. This poster shows but a few of the faces that have been lost to gun vio-lence in this country. My small town of Sandy Hook is a broken community. It is a beautiful, wonderful community, but it is a broken community. The rip-ples of grief that come with losing that number of children—beautiful chil-dren—all at one time never really gets repaired. That small community in Texas, Sutherland Springs, will suffer that same fate. It will be a community that will not ever truly repair itself, having lost so many beautiful people at one moment. You can’t rewind the clock. It is increasingly impossible for me to continue to go back to Newtown, CT, and tell the people of that commu-nity that even after mass murder after mass murder in this country, at a scale that occurs in no other Nation, our re-sponse as a body is to do nothing. It is a level of callousness that is frankly unexplainable to the victims of this vi-olence, and this macabre club of fami-lies that have had to deal with the con-sequences of gun violence is getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Why? Because the number of people who die by guns is not going down. It is not leveling off. It is exploding. Every year, more people—not less people—are killed by guns in this country, and it seems to be the only problem in which there is zero interest in this body to solve. When a terrorist plows into civil-ians with a truck in New York City, Republicans in this body are talking about policy change within hours, but after somebody walks into a school or a church or a shopping mall, we are told that there has to be a restraining order on policy debate for days. It is ri-diculous, and it is offensive to the fam-ilies who have gone through this. So, let’s just for a moment set aside the issues that I will admit are un-likely to come up for a vote in this body between now and the end of this session. I think it is unbelievable that universal background checks, sup-ported by 90 percent of Americans, can’t get a vote here. I don’t think there is another issue like that in the American public, where 90 percent of Americans agree on something and Congress can’t even conceive of getting it done. The only place where background checks is controversial is in the Con-gress. Every single gun owner I talk to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.002 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7036 November 7, 2017 
in my State wants to make sure that criminals and people who are seriously mentally ill can’t buy guns. Similarly, let’s admit what is hap-pening here. It is not a coincidence that the same kind of weapon is used every single time in these shootings. These are copycat shootings in which people see the kind of destruction that comes with an AR–15-style weapon, and they use it again in order to maximize the lethality. Wake up. Wake up to the reality that these weapons are being used to mur-der with speed and power, and the kill-ers are watching what happens in Sandy Hook, what happens in Texas, what happens in Orlando, what happens in Las Vegas, and they are repeating the process. They are replicating the weapon. They shouldn’t be in the hands of civilians. You can have plenty of fun hunting without an AR–15 or AR–15- style weapon. So let’s set aside uni-versal background checks and assault weapons for a moment. I get the poli-tics of this place. I understand those are unlikely to pass. Why, then, can’t we work on the things that we know we agree on? I have listened to dozens of Republicans in the House and the Senate claim that they are for making real the prohibi-tion on automatic weapons. People shouldn’t have fully automatic weap-ons in this country. Nobody should be able to do what that guy did at an upper story window in a hotel in Las Vegas, and the law that we all passed is being ignored by companies that are selling these aftermarket modifica-tions that turn semiautomatic weapons into automatic weapons. The company that sold the modification took it off the market, but only for a couple of weeks. They are back to selling bump stocks again because we have signaled that we are not going to do anything about it. It is not enough to just tell the ATF to do it. Why? Because the law is vague. The ATF said it was vague in 2010. All we have to do is clarify it, but aftermarket modifications that turn semiautomatic weapons into auto-matic weapons shouldn’t be legal. It seems we have agreement on that be-cause I have listened to many Repub-licans saying they are willing to take that step. Let’s take it and stop talk-ing about it. Put legislation on the floor that says you cannot have an automatic weapon in this country. Let’s do it. We agree on it. I didn’t agree with the President yes-terday when he said it is a mental ill-ness problem, but similarly we could work together to make sure that peo-ple who are seriously mentally ill don’t buy weapons. That is the second non-controversial policy proposal on which we could work together. Let’s just admit we are going the wrong way, not the right way. Earlier this year, Republicans passed a piece of legislation that allowed for 75,000 people in this country who have serious mental illness to be able to get off the list of prohibited purchasers and start buying guns again. These are peo-ple who were judged to be so mentally ill that they couldn’t deposit a check. They were given conservator status for Social Security purposes. These are people who were so mentally ill, so limited in their cognitive abilities that they couldn’t take a Social Security check and deposit it. Those people were prohibited from buying guns. This Con-gress passed a law earlier this year to say that those people who can’t deposit a check should be able to go buy an as-sault weapon. If we are serious about trying to stop people with mental illness from getting weapons, let’s work together on that instead of moving backward. Finally, it is an open secret that the existing background check system is broken. Let’s not pretend we just woke up yesterday in amazement that the records of people who are seriously mentally ill or have been convicted of crimes aren’t ending up on the back-ground checklist. I am holding in my hand the data that is available to every single one of us about the records that are being uploaded onto the background check system. For the Department of De-fense, it is a whole bunch of zeros. The Army, the Navy, the Air Force—zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero. Similarly, States aren’t doing their part either. Connecticut uploaded 363,000 felony records onto the NICS system over the course of 2016. Colo-rado uploaded 10 felony records in 2016. New York uploaded 57,000 domestic vio-lence records in 2016. North Carolina uploaded 261. There weren’t 261 people in North Carolina who were convicted of domestic violence crimes in 2016; it is just that only 261 people went up on the list. Many other States, like the Department of Defense, have zeros in all of these columns. Many States are uploading no records onto the system. Now, admittedly, NICS tries to get those records through other means when States don’t give it to them, but it is an open secret that the NICS sys-tem is broken. Congress at least tried to make some changes. After the Vir-ginia Tech shooting, Congress did pass a NICS improvement bill, but it has not worked. It gave the Department of Justice the power to withhold Federal funding if States don’t upload records. Despite the fact that there are a hand-ful of States that have uploaded no records to NICS—zero—no State has been penalized under that 2007 law. That is not a Republican or a Demo-cratic problem. The Obama administra-tion didn’t penalize States, and Repub-lican Presidents didn’t penalize States. Why don’t we work together on that? A couple of years ago, the House passed additional funding to help States, other jurisdictions, upload records. Why don’t we find a way to work together to at least make the ex-isting background check system work? This feeling of helplessness that peo-ple have in this country, this feeling of impotence that nothing can be done to change the trajectory of violence in this country, the regular scroll across the bottom of your TV screen telling you news of the latest mass shootings where little kids and senior citizens are being gunned down in churches and schools—that sense of helplessness isn’t real; it is a fiction, an invention of the gun lobby designed to make this place feel as if there is nothing that can be done in order to make sure that they can continue to make these ob-scene amounts of profits. There are things we can do. I understand that despite the popu-larity of background checks with the public, we are probably not going to get a vote on that, but let’s work to-gether to make sure that automatic weapons can’t be in the hands of civil-ians. Let’s make real the very simple premise that seriously mentally ill people shouldn’t be able to buy guns. Let’s fix the background check system so that, as Republicans tell us over and over again, at least we can enforce ex-isting law. There are ways that we can stop this slaughter, and I don’t know how we live with ourselves, how we sleep at night as a body if, in the face of these massacres, we don’t even do the stuff we all agree on. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. 
TEXAS CHURCH MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I come before this body a second day in a row to talk about an event that the Sen-ator from Connecticut has been refer-ring to that has shocked all of us. It has rattled us to the very core and shocked the conscience of the entire Nation. I didn’t get a chance to hear every-thing he said about this today, but I was encouraged to hear him make com-ments about fixing the background check system, which I think failed us terribly here, and it failed, of course, the 26 people who lost their lives and the 20 more who were injured in this terrible shooting in Sutherland Springs, TX, during a Sunday morning church service at First Baptist Church. Of course, at times like these, we need to respect the right and the need of people to mourn and to grieve their loss and to express our solidarity with those families who were torn apart. One woman who has lived in Suther-land Springs for nearly 70 years de-scribed the community as a place where ‘‘everybody knew everybody.’’ She said that before Sunday, most peo-ple didn’t even keep their doors locked because the town never experienced any significant crime. Well, now that has changed. Sutherland Springs has suffered at the hands of a man whom initial re-ports have described as having a known history of violence, a man whose vic-tims included his own grandmother-in- law as well as the visiting pastor of the church. No community finds it easy to deal with unexpected heartbreaking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.004 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7037 November 7, 2017 
losses like this, but the fact that this crime involved so many tightly knit friends and neighbors and occurred in a house of worship on a Sunday morning and harmed so many innocent children makes the task much harder. As each new detail emerges from what is still an ongoing investigation, we need to study the whole puzzle and ask ourselves how this happened, why so many lives were lost, and what, if anything, could have been done to pre-vent it. We know, for example, that the gunman was court-martialed by the Air Force and convicted of seriousness domestic abuse, fracturing the skull of his own son. Under the relevant Fed-eral law, the Gun Control Act of 1968, this should have prohibited him from ever purchasing a gun in the first place, but we know it didn’t in this in-stance. This critically important infor-mation from the suspect’s criminal his-tory was not uploaded into the rel-evant background check databases even though a Federal law clearly re-quires that it be done. Finally and most troublingly, we know what happened next: Mr. Kelley unlawfully purchased four firearms after passing Federal background checks that did not turn up his Air Force convictions. Of course, the shooter lied on his paperwork. He was asked about these convictions—that is part of the background check system— but because there was no record of it, he was able to lie his way into getting these firearms. This is very clearly a problem, and the Air Force has now ad-mitted that Kelley’s convictions should have barred him from ever purchasing or possessing firearms. What appears to have happened is that the records of the convictions were not uploaded into the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System. They are re-quired to be uploaded by Federal law already. There are still some questions to sift through, but I plan to introduce legis-lation—and I would be happy to work with my colleague from Connecticut— to ensure that all Federal Departments and Agencies, including the Depart-ment of Defense, upload the required conviction records into the national database. This legislation will also en-courage, to the greatest extent possible under the Constitution, State and local governments to do the same. We can make the Federal Agencies do it. We can only request that the States do it, as the Senator from Connecticut point-ed out earlier, and their record of com-pliance is lousy. It is lousy. Justice Department records indicate that some Federal Agencies and State governments are failing to comply with the Federal law. According to the De-partment of Justice, the number of these records that are actually uploaded is staggeringly low. That is unacceptable, and it must change. What is important to note, though, is that when the dust settles, the appro-priate answers won’t necessarily be the easy ones. The fact remains that under existing law, this atrocity should have been prevented. This gunman should not have been allowed to purchase fire-arms and should have been arrested when he tried to do so. We need to bet-ter understand why our existing laws didn’t work in this instance, and that is what my proposed legislation will do. After analyzing the problem, we will try to ensure that everyone is complying with the law. In 2015, I introduced legislation called the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act that addressed a re-lated issue: the failure of State and local authorities to upload valuable mental health records into the NICS background check database. I hope this demonstrates my willingness to work together with anybody who is willing to meet these problems head-on. Right now, we need time and clarity. We need to know and continue to study the facts. Then, as we have already started to do, we need to consider all existing laws and regulations, both State and Federal, in light of this new information. Mr. President, I know we are coming up on a deadline. I ask unanimous con-sent to speak for an additional 5 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as we wait for additional details, I want to say a few more words about the strong community of Sutherland Springs, one just 35 miles from my hometown of San Antonio, TX, where I grew up. First Baptist Church, where the shooting occurred, has served as a mainstay in the town since 1926. It is the site of church services every Sun-day, weddings, social gatherings, and even some funerals. We hope the First Baptist Church can bounce back from this tragedy, and I am confident they can because faith, hope, and love can never be extinguished no matter the depravity, the evil that tries. We are not sure what will happen to the building or the congregation itself, but no matter what, the unique spirit of this community will no doubt en-dure. I am hopeful that the town of Sutherland Springs will come back too. If people like Stephen Willeford are any indication, it will. Stephen, of course, is the plumber who managed to hit the gunman through a gap in his body armor. He was joined by Johnnie Langendorff. In a truck, the two chased the gunman at high speeds for 11 miles into neighboring Guadalupe County. What these two men displayed is that in the worst circumstances, we won’t let evil have its way. We won’t let sick individuals like this shooter escape the consequences of their crimes. Strang-ers will come together and act quickly and courageously to defend the com-munities they love and in which they live. Today I join Governor Abbott, my colleagues—Senator C
RUZ and Rep-resentative H
ENRY CUELLAR , in whose House district this occurred—and so many other Texans in once again pledging my support to the people of Sutherland Springs. I send my thoughts and prayers to those who lost parents, children, friends, and relatives in this unbelievable act of evil. The biggest danger, though, is that we become numb and we just simply move on to other matters. We can’t let that happen. As Sherry Pomeroy, the wife of the pastor at First Baptist, said yesterday, ‘‘Please don’t forget Suther-land Springs.’’ And when we hear peo-ple ask us to do something about ter-rible tragedies like this, let’s do what we can, working together in a bipar-tisan way, to fix the holes in what is already the law, which says that people like this shooter should never have gotten their hands on a firearm in the first place. But either through human error or some failure of the background check system, he was able to do so. We need to fix that, and hopefully, in doing so, we can bring some small sense of justice to the people who lost so much last Sunday in Sutherland Springs, TX. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, all time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Gibson nomina-tion? Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. PAUL). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 91, nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 262 Ex.] YEAS—91 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.006 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7038 November 7, 2017 
Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—7 
Booker Gillibrand Harris Markey Merkley Sanders Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Menendez Paul 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Steven Andrew Engel, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, John Barrasso, Johnny Isakson, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Lindsey Gra-ham, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, John Thune, John Boozman, Cory Gardner, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, JMike Rounds, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 51, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 263 Ex.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCain McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Menendez Paul 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 51, the nays are 47. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:52 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OUR COUNTRY ’S MIDDLE EAST FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, in recent months, the United States and coali-tion forces have achieved major gains against Iraq and Syria. Building upon the retaking of Mosul in July, U.S. co-alition partners have liberated ISIS’s former capital of Raqqa in Syria, the pocket of Hawija in northern Iraq, and, just days ago, the border town of al- Qaim in western Iraq. The so-called ca-liphate that terrorists claimed would overrun the Middle East is now a shad-ow of its former self—a shrinking swathe on a map once defined by an open reign of terror. Unfortunately, however, our chal-lenges in the region remain daunting despite these hard-fought tactical vic-tories. Our relentless focus on destroy-ing ISIS, which is, of course, essential, has obscured a troubling reality: The United States lacks a clear comprehen-sive strategy that addresses the Middle East in all of its complexity. This is part of the unfortunate legacy the Obama administration left for its successor, but nearly 1 year into the Trump administration, we lack clarity on essential questions about our Na-tion’s role, and we are left to observe as bystanders the intensifying symp-toms of a collapsing regional order. While in some cases we are bystanders who take action, we do so with unclear and often unstated objectives. The United States has committed to the sale of over $100 billion of weapons to Saudi Arabia. We have announced an outline of strategy to counter Iran while providing only minimal detail. We remain conspicuously silent on the future of our role in Iraq and Syria be-yond eliminating ISIS, as the Assad re-gime and its partners consolidate power. Our power and influence is dimin-ishing in the Middle East as a result of our lack of direction, and the vacuum has been filled by forces working con-trary to American interests. Consider the events that have swept the region in recent months. In Iraq, Iranian forces are working to sow discord as we recently saw in Kirkuk, where the presence of the Quds Force commander, Qassem Soleimani, exacerbated tensions among the Kurds and the government in Baghdad. Ira-nian-backed militias continue to gain power and aim to turn next year’s elec-tion into a setback that drives Amer-ican influence out of Iraq. Meanwhile, the scourge of ISIS remains despite re-cent military successes. The terrorist attack last week in Manhattan shows its persistent appeal. Its rise in the wake of U.S. withdrawal years ago demonstrates the danger of leaving be-fore winning the peace. Across the border in Syria, the Assad regime, backed by Russia, Iran, Hezbollah, and an array of militias, has retaken most of the country, including many eastern areas that are strategi-cally important. The consequences of the resulting humanitarian crisis have spilled beyond its border for years, de-stabilizing nations far beyond Syria and paving the way for radicalization. Forces that are hostile to both our in-terests and our values are shaping the future on the ground while we remain silent, focused on the immediate defeat of ISIS. I want to emphasize, we want to de-feat ISIS. We are defeating ISIS, but that is not our only goal in the Middle East. On Saturday, the Lebanese Prime Minister, Mr. Hariri, resigned, claim-ing that he faced death threats from Iran, leaving the United States with one less valuable partner in a divided government in which Hezbollah plays a major role. I happen to have become friends with Mr. Hariri over the years. He is a good, pro-democratic, out-standing individual who basically was forced out of office. A web of Iranian proxies and allies are spreading from the Levant to the Arabian Peninsula, threatening sta-bility, freedom of navigation, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.001 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7039 November 7, 2017 
territory of our partners and allies, in-cluding with advanced conventional weapons. Iran itself continues to men-ace its neighbors, use its sanctions re-lief windfall to harmful ends, test bal-listic missiles, and spread weapons throughout the region. According to our allies and partners, just days ago, Houthi rebels in Yemen launched an Iranian-provided missile at the airport in Riyadh. Meanwhile, our Arab allies are embroiled in in-fighting and diplomatic disputes that weaken regional cooperation and coali-tion efforts in the face of these press-ing threats. Saudi Arabia itself is in the midst of monumental change. The recent ap-pointment of a new Crown Prince, the arrest over the weekend of a number of prominent Saudi citizens, and the Kingdom’s ongoing war in Yemen, which has spawned a humanitarian cri-sis of its own, indicate a forcefulness that promises progress but also raises concern about internal stability and regional conflict. Ultimately, it could serve to strengthen Saudi rivals. In Turkey, President Erdogan con-tinues to consolidate power, abuse human rights and the rule of law, and stifle democracy, while growing closer to Russia and straining the relation-ship with NATO. Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin’s Russia casts a long shadow throughout the region as it reestab-lishes itself as a power broker hostile to American interests and wholly un-concerned about human rights. These challenges are daunting, con-fusing, and complex, borne of years of neglect, punctuated by crises and ag-gravated by weeks filled with the events of decades. The questions a comprehensive strat-egy must address are formidable: What are our political and military objec-tives in the region? How should we prioritize our pursuit of objectives given the numerous regional chal-lenges, and how should we measure our success? What roles and responsibil-ities should our allies and partners play, and what support will they need to do so? What should be the size, roles, missions, and capabilities of U.S. forces in the region, whether in Iraq, Turkey, the Persian Gulf, or else-where? How will the United States fa-cilitate humanitarian relief, stabiliza-tion, reconstruction, and political rec-onciliation where possible? These questions—many of which we require the President and Department of Defense to answer in the National Defense Authorization Act—are not academic. The United States is not involved in the Middle East because we labor under the illusion that our presence will solve every problem but because the stability of the region is vital to our national interests and international se-curity alike. Middle Eastern insta-bility tends to travel far beyond its borders. The region’s importance to the global economy that Americans benefit from and depend upon cannot be under-estimated, but if we keep sleepwalking on our current trajectory, we could wake up in the near future and find that American influence has been pushed out of one of the most impor-tant parts of the world, and that we cannot abide. The world faces an unprecedented array of challenges, of which insta-bility in the Middle East is only one. Most importantly, the United States faces growing threats from Russia and China, both of which are eager to tilt the balance of power in Europe and Asia toward them rather than toward us and the majority of the world that favors greater freedom and openness. We need to prioritize these critical challenges by rebuilding military read-iness, reorienting our force structure, investing in needed capabilities to deter near-peer competitors, and strengthening our alliances with like- minded partners and allies. If we neglect to consolidate our gains against ISIS and address the threats to American interests throughout the Middle East, our gains will easily be overtaken. As my friend and former Secretary of State George Schultz once observed, ‘‘If you have a garden and want to see it flourish, you have to tend to it.’’ We could find ourselves en-meshed in conflicts far more costly in lives, power, and opportunity if we ne-glect to care for a particularly frus-trating part of the world. Our elected leaders must articulate a comprehensive strategy that reflects these judgments with specificity and detail rather than piecemeal offerings and tactical victories. Congress, with our constitutional role as a coequal branch of government, and, more im-portantly, the American people, de-serve no less. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today the Senate will confirm Steven Engel to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel. The Office of Legal Counsel, which we refer to as the OLC in the Judiciary Committee, functions as legal advisor to the President and executive branch agencies, providing advice on complex questions of constitutional and statu-tory interpretation. The OLC essen-tially serves as the general counsel to the executive branch. Mr. Engel is well equipped to lead that office, both from the standpoint of academics and from the standpoint of background. Mr. Engel received his un-dergraduate degree from Harvard, his master’s of philosophy from Cambridge University, and his law degree from Yale Law School. Following his graduation, Mr. Engel clerked for Judge Kozinski of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and for Jus-tice Kennedy on the Supreme Court. Mr. Engel joined the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis after clerking for Jus-tice Kennedy. Mr. Engel’s practice fo-cused on appellate and commercial liti-gation matters. In 2006, Mr. Engel joined the OLC as counsel to the Assistant Attorney Gen-eral at that time and was later pro-moted to Deputy Assistant Attorney General. There he provided legal advice to the Attorney General, to the White House counsel, and other executive branch clients on a variety of legal matters. In 2009, Mr. Engel joined the law firm of Dechert as a partner in the white collar and securities litigation group and later in that same firm as a mem-ber of the complex commercial litiga-tion group. Mr. Engel’s nomination has broad support across the legal community. The Senate Judiciary Committee re-ceived a number of letters in support of his nomination. One such letter is signed by former Attorneys General Mukasey and Gonzales, as well as former Deputy Attorneys General Filip, Morford, and McNulty. Other let-ters of support were received from his coclerks on the Supreme Court, a group of Mr. Engel’s former colleagues, Yale Law School classmates, and Har-vard Law Professor Jack Goldsmith. Mr. Engel also received an endorse-ment from the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association of the city of New York, which is the largest police union in New York City. Another letter from former senior government officials and legal officers of the executive branch, including Ken-neth Wainstein and Michael Hayden, noted their ‘‘enthusiastic support’’ for Mr. Engel’s nomination. Wainstein and Hayden wrote: ‘‘We are confident that as head of OLC, Steve will render legal opinions with the highest level of pro-fessional integrity and according to his best understanding of what the law and the Constitution require.’’ Mr. Engel and I met this summer, and we discussed the importance of congressional oversight and the essen-tial role played by Members of this body and the House of Representatives. He assured me that he agreed that each Member, whether or not a chairman of a committee, is a constitutional officer entitled to the respect and best efforts of the executive branch to respond to his or her requests for information. Further, he committed to review the May 1, 2017, OLC opinion on this very issue and to consider whether a more complete analysis of the issue is nec-essary. You may remember that my interest in this whole thing goes back to early in this new administration, when peo-ple working for the President and pre-sumably speaking for the President said that the only oversight letters that would be responded to would be those from chairmen of committees. Now, you can imagine that leaves out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.012 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7040 November 7, 2017 
at least 30-some Republicans that would never get answers to their over-sight letters, and it would leave out 48 Democrats that would never get an-swers to their letters. Consequently, most of Congress would not be able to do their constitutional role of over-sight, making sure that the executive branch is in enforcing the laws and spending the money according to what we require. So I raised that issue through a 7-page letter to the White House, and they came and visited with me about it. I think they had some misunder-standing of what oversight was all about. They wrote a letter that said they are going to respond to every Member of Congress on oversight issues, which satisfies me from the standpoint of their intent. As I just said in my remarks here, Mr. Engel committed to review that May 1, 2017, OLC opinion on this issue and to consider whether a more com-plete analysis of the issue is necessary because every Member of Congress should be able to do oversight, and every Member of Congress ought to ex-pect an answer to their letters from the executive branch of the govern-ment, whether they are a chairman or not, whether they are a Republican or not, whether they are a Member of the House or a Member of the Senate. I want to make sure that we follow through on this, although I will give this administration credit for almost totally reversing an opinion that they issued way back in May. The head of OLC is a highly impor-tant role at the Department of Justice, and it is a role whose importance is felt throughout the Federal Government. Just to show you how it is felt throughout the entire government, let me tell you that they issued an opinion in the previous administration on something to do with the work of in-spectors general throughout the gov-ernment, previously, or maybe origi-nally, intended to say what the inspec-tors general could demand or not de-mand. We understand that the law passed in 1979 says that an inspector general can be entitled to any informa-tion he wants from that department, but they issued an opinion—the OLC person at that time—along the lines of, well, there are some areas that maybe the head of the agency has to review, which means that the 1979 law isn’t being carried out in the spirit. That is kind of an example because that opin-ion from the Justice Department was used by general counsels throughout the administration of Obama to keep Congress from doing its oversight work. That is how important the per-son who is the head of the Office of Legal Counsel is in determining what goes on in the executive branch of gov-ernment—enough to stifle the over-sight work of the Congress of the United States or the work of the in-spectors general of each department. So I see Mr. Engel as a person who is going to be a friend of congressional oversight and, if he isn’t, I am going to be very, very disappointed. He has sat-isfied me through his testimony before our committee and through the prom-ises he made in letters to me and in the privacy of my office that he is going to do that. So we are ending up with a Mr. Engel who is, as you can see, very well qualified to take on such a role as As-sistant Attorney General of the Office of Legal Counsel. I urge my colleagues to support Mr. Engel’s nomination and confirm him to this important position. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Steven Engel to head the Justice Depart-ment’s Office of Legal Counsel. On many occasions, President Donald Trump has made clear that he does not appropriately respect the rule of law in America. We have seen this many times over the last few years, from his bigoted and disdainful comments about Federal judges, to his firing of FBI Di-rector Comey because of what the President called ‘‘this Russia thing,’’ to his shameful pardon of Joe Arpaio, a man convicted of criminal contempt for refusing to stop violating the Con-stitution, to his efforts last week to badger the FBI and Federal prosecutors into doing his bidding. As Republican Senator B
OBCORKER  said last Friday: 
President Trump’s pressuring of the Jus-tice Department and FBI to pursue cases against his adversaries and calling for pun-ishment before trials take place are totally inappropriate and not only undermine our justice system but erode the American peo-ple’s confidence in our institutions. 
If my Republican colleagues want to restore confidence in our institutions of justice, they can start by making sure that only someone truly inde-pendent of Donald Trump serves in the vital position of Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel. The Office of Legal Counsel, or OLC, is not well known, but it is a critical part of the Federal government. OLC exercises statutory authority to pro-vide legal advice that is binding on the executive branch. In addition to giving legal advice to the President and exec-utive branch officials, OLC reviews all proposed Executive orders and Attor-ney General orders for form and legal-ity. Essentially, OLC serves as a check to make sure that the President and his administration are faithfully exe-cuting the laws. There have been shameful moments in our history when OLC’s leaders have lacked the independence and judgment to stand up for the rule of law. For ex-ample, in 2002, under Assistant Attor-ney General Jay Bybee, OLC produced the infamous torture memo that ap-proved the CIA’s use of torture tech-niques like waterboarding. When this memo became public in 2004, the Jus-tice Department was forced to with-draw it. Jack Goldsmith, a prominent conservative legal scholar who was act-ing head of OLC at the time said he was ‘‘astonished’’ by the memo’s ‘‘deeply flawed’’ and ‘‘sloppily rea-soned’’ legal analysis. Then, in May 2005, OLC had a new leader—Steven Bradbury—and he se-cretly issued three new torture memos approving the use of waterboarding and other abusive interrogation techniques. Then-Deputy Attorney General Jim Comey strongly objected, saying the United States would be ashamed when the memos came to light, but Attorney General Alberto Gonzales overruled him. Already, we have seen troubling signs at OLC under President Trump. In Jan-uary, OLC signed off on President Trump’s travel ban Executive order, a decision that was kept secret from then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates. According to Ms. Yates, this was the first time ever that OLC hid its ac-tions from the Attorney General, which it did even though OLC reports to the Attorney General. This Execu-tive order was blocked by multiple Federal courts before it was with-drawn. OLC issued an opinion on Inau-guration Day to allow President Trump to employ family members in the White House. This was a reversal of OLC’s longstanding position on antinepotism laws. OLC is likely to face many critical legal issues in the coming months and years. We need OLC to serve as an inde-pendent check on this administration, especially since President Trump has shown an eagerness to denigrate the justice system and to criticize those whose views on the law differ from his own. Unfortunately, Steven Engel, the President’s nominee to head OLC, has not demonstrated the independence and judgment that our country needs for this vital position. Mr. Engel has been a law firm part-ner since 2009. Previously, he worked at OLC under President George W. Bush from 2006 to 2009, rising to the level of Deputy Assistant Attorney General. Mr. Engel admitted that, while he was at OLC, he ‘‘reviewed and commented upon’’ a July 2007 memo to the CIA Acting General Counsel which con-cluded that six CIA enhanced interro-gation techniques were legal. These techniques included, for example, ex-tended sleep deprivation by shackling detainees in a standing position while wearing a diaper for days at a time. The OLC opinion said that these tech-niques did not constitute cruel, inhu-man, or degrading treatment. The Jus-tice Department’s Office of Profes-sional Responsibility concluded that this 2007 memo was inconsistent with the plain meaning and commonly held understandings of Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions. The OLC opinion was withdrawn in 2009. While at OLC, Mr. Engel also helped draft legislation that would become the Military Commissions Act of 2006. This law included a provision that sus-pended habeas corpus rights for Guan-tanamo Bay detainees, a provision that the Supreme Court struck down as un-constitutional in the Boumediene case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.014 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7041 November 7, 2017 
Additionally, Mr. Engel worked on President Trump’s transition and Jus-tice Department landing team, but, he would not tell the Judiciary Com-mittee what matters he worked on, which is troubling. I asked Mr. Engel to provide reassur-ance that, if he is confirmed, OLC will operate independently from President Trump. His response? He said he was deeply committed to the independence of OLC and said, ‘‘I demonstrated that commitment in my prior service in the Office, as well as in my activities in private practice and my volunteer work for the Trump transition team.’’ It is hard for me to understand how Mr. Engel’s work for the Trump transi-tion—work that he would not even dis-cuss with the committee—is supposed to reassure us about his independence from President Trump. To the con-trary, I fear that by refusing to discuss his transition work, Mr. Engel has al-ready started covering for Mr. Trump. Perhaps the most telling response Mr. Engel provided when it comes to demonstrating independence from President Trump is this. I asked him this question in writing: 
According to news reports, in a January 27th dinner, President Trump asked then- FBI Director James Comey if Comey would pledge his loyalty to President Trump. Do you believe it is appropriate for a President to ask a Director of the FBI to pledge loy-alty to the President? 
His response? ‘‘I do not have any knowledge concerning the communica-tions between President Trump and former FBI Director Comey.’’ This is not a hard question. I wasn’t asking Mr. Engel about the specific conversa-tion between President Trump and the FBI Director. Here is the easy answer that he should have given: It is wrong and unethical for a President to ask an FBI Director—or any Justice Depart-ment or FBI official—to make a per-sonal loyalty pledge. If Mr. Engel can’t get the easy questions right, what will he say when challenging questions come before OLC? For example, what if President Trump asks OLC to revise the 1974 OLC memo concluding that a President can-not pardon himself? Would Mr. Engel cave to the President’s whims? Or what if President Trump asks OLC to justify some pretext for the firing of Special Counsel Mueller? Are my Republican colleagues confident that Mr. Engel would stand strong? Here is the bottom line. Many of my Republican colleagues talk and tweet about their concerns when President Trump disrespects the rule of law, but talk and tweets are cheap. If they are truly concerned about President Trump’s actions, they need to vote in a way that serves as a meaningful check on President Trump. Our Nation needs the Office of Legal Counsel to serve as a check on the President’s worst im-pulses. We need them to stand strong when the President berates the Justice Department and urges it to ignore legal norms and processes. I am concerned that Mr. Engel has not demonstrated the independence and judgment we need from the head of this critical office. Therefore, I cannot support his nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, we are getting close to making tax relief for Americans a reality. Last week the House released its tax reform bill, and this week we expect the Senate Fi-nance Committee to release our version. In the coming days, the tax committees in both Houses will review the bills, and then we will debate them on the floor and develop a final version. After years of economic stagnation, Americans are ready for relief. They are ready to keep more of their hard- earned money. They are ready to fi-nally see a real pay increase, and they are ready for access to more economic opportunity. That is what our tax re-form bill is going to provide. To start with, our bill is going to put more money in Americans’ pockets by lowering their tax rates and doubling their standard deduction. Under our bill, a family making $24,000 a year or less will not be paying any taxes, and families making more than $24,000 a year will be paying significantly less than they are paying today. We are also going to help families by substan-tially increasing the child tax credit, and we are going to simplify and streamline the Tax Code so that it is easier for Americans to figure out what benefits they qualify for so they don’t have to spend a lot of time and money filing their taxes. But that is only the beginning. Americans don’t just want to keep more of their hard-earned money. They also want to be making more of it, but Americans have had a hard time doing that lately. Wages have been stagnant for years, and new opportunities have been hard to find. So in addition to reforming the indi-vidual side of the Tax Code, we are going to reform the business side so that we can give Americans access to the kinds of jobs, wages, and opportu-nities that will set them up for a se-cure future. In order for individual Americans to thrive economically, we need American businesses to thrive. Thriving businesses create jobs, they provide opportunities, and they in-crease wages and invest in their work-ers. Right now, though, our Tax Code is not helping businesses thrive. Instead, it is strangling both large and small businesses with high tax rates. Small businesses are incredibly important for new job creation. They play a huge role in the economy in my home State of South Dakota and other States all across the country, but the high tax rates that too many small businesses currently face can make it difficult for them to even survive, much less thrive and expand their operations. So we are going to lower taxes for small businesses so that they can grow and hire new workers. We are also going to allow small businesses to re-cover their capital invested in things like inventory and machinery more quickly, which will free up capital so they can use that to expand and create jobs. Right now it can take small busi-nesses years, or in some cases even dec-ades, to recover the cost of their in-vestments in equipment and facilities. That can leave them extremely cash poor in the meantime, and, needless to say, cash poor businesses have a hard time expanding, hiring new workers, or increasing wages. Allowing small busi-nesses to recover their investments more quickly will mean more jobs and more opportunities for American work-ers. In addition to high tax rates on small and large businesses, another thing that is decreasing jobs and opportuni-ties for American workers is our out-dated worldwide tax system, which is discouraging American companies from investing their profits here at home in American jobs and American workers. Having a worldwide tax system means that American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they make here at home as well as on part of the profit they make abroad once they bring that money back to the United States. The problem with this is that American companies are already paying taxes to foreign governments on the money they make abroad. Then, when they bring that money home, they too often end up having to pay taxes again on part of those profits and, I might add, at the highest tax rate in the industri-alized world. It is no surprise that this discourages businesses from bringing their profits back to the United States to invest in their domestic operations, in new jobs, and in increased wages. Between 1982 and 2003, when the U.S. tax rate was much more competitive with those other countries, there were 29 corporate inversions where U.S. companies moved abroad. Between 2003 and 2014, when other countries were dropping their corporate tax rates and shifting to territorial tax systems, there were 47 such inversions. Our tax plan addresses this drag on our economy by moving from our out-dated worldwide tax system to a terri-torial tax system. What does that mean? By shifting to a territorial tax system here in the United States—a move, I might add, that is supported by Members of both political parties—we will eliminate the double taxation that encourages companies to send their in-vestments and operations overseas. Combine that with a reduction in our high corporate tax rate, and we can provide a strong incentive for U.S. companies to invest their profits at home in American jobs and American workers instead of abroad. Business tax reform is essential to reversing the economic stagnation that we have seen in recent years. The White House Council of Economic Ad-visers estimates that the tax reform framework that Republicans have pre-sented will boost economic growth by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.003 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7042 November 7, 2017 
between 3 and 5 percent. That is good news for the economy. More specifi-cally, however, it is good news for American workers, who can expect to see their incomes rise as a result. A study from the White House Council of Economic Advisers estimates that re-ducing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent, where it is today—the highest, as I said, in the industrialized world— down to 20 percent, which is more com-petitive with our competitors around the world, would increase average household income by $4,000 annually. Think about that. Reducing the tax on businesses in this country would in-crease average household income for families in America by $4,000. A Boston University professor and public finance expert, Larry Kotlikoff, found that lowering the corporate tax rate to 20 percent would increase household income by $3,500 per year on average. This was most recently con-firmed by Martin Feldstein, a Harvard professor and former Chair of the Coun-cil of Economic Advisers, who noted in the Wall Street Journal this week that corporate tax reform is likely to boost household income by $3,500 per year. There are lots of analysts, lots of ex-perts who are looking at these pro-posed changes to the Tax Code and the tax reform that we are attempting to get through the Congress this year and onto the President’s desk, and they have concluded that not only will it re-duce taxes—the tax burden, the amount of tax that is paid by middle- income families in this country—but the reduction in the rates on busi-nesses will also increase the number of opportunities for better paying jobs and higher wages and it will raise that annual income—that average house-hold income—that is so desperately in need of a boost. It has been a rough few years for the American economy and for American workers. I think all you have to do is to look at the numbers and you know that most Americans haven’t seen a pay raise in almost the last decade. But with comprehensive tax reform, the next few years—and the next few decades, for that matter—can look very, very different. Republicans’ tax reform legislation is going to provide direct relief to hard- working Americans, and it is going to create the kind of economy that will give workers access to more jobs, to better opportunities, and to higher wages, not just for the near term but for the long term. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Finance Com-mittee, under the leadership of Chair-man H
ATCH , to put the final touches on our bill and to take it up in the com-mittee next week. Then, I hope we can bring that bill to the floor of the Sen-ate and have an open debate, process amendments, and pass something through the Senate that we can con-ference with the House of Representa-tives, put it on the President’s desk, and move our economy in a direction that will provide a brighter and more prosperous future for American work-ers and American families. It is time to give the American peo-ple some relief. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise today to strongly oppose the legis-lation that has emerged from the House of Representatives that pretends to provide tax relief to middle-class Americans, but if you take a look at it and you look at the analyses that have already come out, what it really is, is another big tax giveaway to million-aires, billionaires, and big, multi-national corporations. I believe we should do tax reform. We should take our Tax Code and clean up a lot of the junk that has gotten into our Tax Code that is not there for good public policy reasons and is there be-cause someone had a high-powered lob-byist. We need to clean up our Tax Code, we need to reform our Tax Code, and we need to do it in a way that helps the middle class and doesn’t add more big breaks for big corporations. Unfortunately, this Republican plan does the opposite of tax reform. What it does is doubles down on big tax breaks for big corporations and the superwealthy. There is a headline today based on the analysis. The New York Times looked at it. ‘‘Republican Plan Would Raise Taxes on Millions’’ of middle- class families. I can tell you that is very true in my State of Maryland. In fact, it is going to be true in States throughout the United States of Amer-ica. We are going to see millions of middle-class families paying more under this plan. In fact, this analysis that is discussed in the Times found that 45 percent of middle-class families will see a tax increase under this plan once it is fully implemented. That means that families making between roughly $50,000 a year and $160,000 a year—about half of them are going to end up paying higher taxes under the Republican plan. Here is one of the double standards that you see continuing throughout the Republican tax plan: Big corporations not only get big tax cuts—$1.5 tril-lion—but they are going to go on for-ever. In middle-class families, many people will see an immediate tax in-crease. Others will initially see a little tax cut. But for individuals and fami-lies, it is the great disappearing tax cut—a little sweetener to make the bill look good in the early years, but the bill takes away all those tax cuts for middle-class families, on average, and then actually increases the burden on a family of four making $59,000 under the plan. For corporations, a $1.5 trillion tax cut over 10 years—permanent. For folks in the middle, many will see an immediate tax increase, and the tax in-crease will stay in place. Others will see a little tax decrease, but as the years go by, many of those are going to see their taxes go up. It is a major cor-porate tax cut financed in large part by millions of middle-class families pay-ing higher taxes. Just to give a sense of how well the folks at the very top will do, there is a headline from the Wall Street Jour-nal—this is not a Democratic-leaning newspaper—‘‘Banks Sidestep a Big Tax-Plan Pitfall.’’ Right here in the second paragraph of the Wall Street Journal article, it says this: At a 20- percent corporate tax rate, banks stand to be among the biggest winners from tax reform. That is according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. The five biggest diversified banks alone might have had tax savings of $11.5 billion in 2016 at that rate—the biggest sum for any subindustry group tracked by S&P. The biggest banks do just great under this Republican plan. Middle-class fam-ilies are left paying the bill. If you look at this on the individual side, the top 1 percent wealthiest Americans in this country are going to get an average tax cut of $65,000—that is per person, on average. If you are in that top 1 percent, an average family will get a $65,000 tax cut. That means that 48 percent of the benefit of all the tax cuts in this Republican plan goes to the top 1 percent. Let me say that again and just flip it around. The top 1 percent wealthiest households are going to get 48 percent of the dollar benefit of this tax cut. That doesn’t sound like a plan focused on improving the situation of middle-class taxpayers. They are the ones who are going to have to finance many of those tax cuts for the very wealthy and big corpora-tions. I know our Republican colleagues recognize what a vulnerability this is because our colleague, Senate majority leader Mr. MCCONNELL , said about the tax bill in an interview last Saturday: ‘‘At the end of the day, nobody in the middle class is going to get a tax in-crease.’’ To understand what that means, he is saying that not a single middle-class household out there in the country is going to see their taxes go up. Well, I don’t know what tax plan he is talking about, but it is certainly one that hasn’t seen the light of day yet because the bill that has come out of the House will raise taxes on millions of middle-class families, and that is a fact. Just the other day, in an interview on FOX News, Speaker R
YANsaid: ‘‘We are making sure every middle income taxpayer is a winner here.’’ Every mid-dle-class taxpayer is a winner here. Well, that is certainly not true of the plan that was just marked up in the Ways and Means Committee of the House because there are a whole lot of families in the middle class who are big losers under the Republican plan—in fact, millions of them around the coun-try. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.015 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7043 November 7, 2017 
I don’t know what plan they are talk-ing about. I am looking forward to see-ing the Republican plan that doesn’t raise taxes on any middle-class family in the United States. That should be our policy. We should not be increasing the burden on middle-class families in order to finance a $1.5 trillion tax cut for big, multinational corporations, but that is the way it is right now. Homeowners are going to be espe-cially hard hit under this Republican plan because a lot fewer homeowners will utilize the mortgage interest de-duction, and the Republican plan also slashes the deduction for State and local taxes. In fact, they eliminate your option to deduct State and local income taxes. The result is going to be that a lot of middle-class homeowners are going to pay a lot more. That is why the Realtors oppose this bill. These are the folks in our neighbor-hoods who are buying and selling homes. They are folks who have their ears to the ground in our communities. Here is what the president of the Na-tional Association of Realtors said about this bill: It ‘‘threatens home val-ues and takes money straight from the pockets of homeowners.’’ In fact, they had a study done by PricewaterhouseCoopers that said that if you are a homeowner and your in-come is between $50,000 and $200,000, ad-justed gross income, you will see an av-erage tax increase. They also predicted that home values across the board could drop by 10 percent, and it is not clear when they would recover their value. The National Association of Home Builders is also opposed to this legisla-tion because of the impact it will have on home ownership and the prices and value of people’s homes around the country. They said: 
The House Republican tax reform plan abandons middle-class taxpayers in favor of high-income Americans and wealthy cor-porations. The bill eviscerates existing hous-ing tax benefits by drastically reducing the number of homeowners who can take advan-tage of mortgage interest and property tax incentives. 
I think all of us know that this is not some left-leaning group. We are talk-ing about the National Association of Home Builders finding that the Repub-lican plan abandons middle-class tax-payers in favor of high-income Ameri-cans and wealthy corporations. That is their finding based on their analysis of the bill. Here is the catch. It is that double standard again. Just as I said earlier, you have the tax cuts for big corpora-tions going on forever, but there is much less tax relief for some middle- income taxpayers, and it takes effect early but then phases out. You also have a situation where, if you are a big corporation, you get to deduct all of your State and local taxes. In fact, if you are a multinational corporation and you are in China, you get to deduct taxes you pay to the Government of China. But if you are a household in Maryland or any of our States, you don’t get to deduct the taxes you pay to your State and local governments. So you are paying taxes twice on that dollar—once to the State government and again to Uncle Sam out of the same dollar. Fitch Ratings looked at this and con-cluded that it will put dramatic strains on State and local budgets since people in those States are not going to be able to take those tax deductions. Either you are going to see dramatic cuts to school funding or healthcare, or you are going to see State and local govern-ments raise the property taxes in those States. So you get hit coming and going if you are a middle-class home-owner. This also damages our economic de-velopment efforts in many parts of our country. It repeals the new markets tax credit. While it doesn’t get rid of what President Trump said was a huge giveaway, the hedge fund loopholes—I can’t remember how many times dur-ing the Presidential campaign Can-didate Trump talked about how the hedge fund tax break was a total give-away. That is not eliminated in this Republican bill. They keep the big hedge fund loopholes, but here is what they get rid of. They get rid of the abil-ity of people with high medical ex-penses to deduct those expenses from their taxes. They even take away the additional standard deduction that currently ap-plies to taxpayers who are at least 65 years of age or who are blind. There are many folks who are in that category who are also going to see their taxes go up. Seniors are going to see their taxes go up, which is why the AARP has raised the alarm about that provision and others. While they keep the big hedge fund loopholes, they get rid of the ability of families who adopt children to take a tax credit to help cover the costs of adoption. They get rid of provisions of the Tax Code that help students and teachers and schools. If you are a teacher who has been spending money to buy text-books and other materials for your class, you used to be able to deduct the costs of what you are buying to help your kids. They take that away in the same bill that they give big corpora-tions a big $1.5 trillion tax break. If you are a student who has been strug-gling to afford college bills, you no longer get to deduct the interest on your student loans. If you are an employer who is cur-rently receiving an incentive to em-ploy veterans who have served our country, sorry, that is gone too. So I want to get this straight. You are going to take away the ability of people with high medical expenses to take a deduction. You are going to take away the ability of college grad-uates to take a deduction so that their expenses are more affordable. You are going to take away the ability of peo-ple to get the adoption tax credit. And you are going to take away incentives for people to hire our veterans. But you are going to keep the hedge fund loop-hole and you are going to give a $1.5 trillion tax cut to big corporations. That is what this bill is all about. Finally—and I am going to talk about this at greater length some other time—look at the international tax provisions in this Republican bill and how they are structured. I really urge my colleagues to take a look at this. They actually increase the incentives for U.S.-based businesses and compa-nies to move their operations overseas. That is for two reasons. No. 1 is that when you reduce the international tax rates—when you say, essentially, that a U.S. corporation that moves its jobs overseas now just pays the tax in that country and has no U.S. tax obligation; we, under this bill, are at 20 percent— you still have an incentive, obviously, to move your operations to a very low tax place like the Cayman Islands. But, then, there is an effort to ad-dress that issue in this bill. The prob-lem is the effort to address that provi-sion doesn’t work at all. Here is the current situation: A lot of corporations try to park what are known as their in-tangible assets in the Cayman Islands or other tax havens. These are things like the value of patents. You make a great discovery, and you get a patent from the U.S. Patent Office, and you make royalties off of that patent. Then, you have a lot of good lawyers, and essentially you park that patent in the Cayman Islands. That really has no tax obligations, so all the profits that derive from that patent are not subject to any tax—or maybe 1 or 2 percent tax. So in this Republican bill, there is an effort to try to address that issue—at least it pretends to address the issue— but the problem is that it doesn’t. Here is what they say. They say: Well, we are going to catch you if you park your money in a place like the Cayman Islands because we are going to have a tax of 10 percent—a foreign high-return tax is what they call it. The way they determine whether you are making an excess profit is you look at your tangible assets in that country and you determine whether the profit you have made is over 8 percent. That is the way it approximately adds up under this bill. But here is the prob-lem: It is an average international minimum tax, not a per-country min-imum tax. So let me tell my colleagues what a company that wants to reduce its tax obligation does. They move their com-pany offshore. They take a company, say in Baltimore, MD, that is worth $100 million, and they are making a $5 million profit today here in the United States and they will be taxed at 20 per-cent, and then they have this profit from the Cayman Islands at $2 million. Under that previous provision I talked about—this effort in the Republican bill to protect against what they call 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.017 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7044 November 7, 2017 
high-return tax areas—they would nor-mally have captured some of the in-come generated from profits in the Cayman Islands. But when I move my company from Baltimore to, say, the United Kingdom, I actually then escape having to pay that tax on my monies in the tax haven. So the bottom line is that this Re-publican bill, because it has this aver-age 10 percent minimum tax provision, is going to encourage American busi-nesses and companies to move over-seas. If that is not what the intention is, I urge my Republican colleagues to fix this right away. It hasn’t been talked about much. There have been a couple articles re-cently about it. Gene Sperling, Kim Clausing, and others have gone through the economics of this, and it would make the situation a lot worse com-pared even to today in terms of these incentives. The bottom line is, in addition to this being a $1.5 trillion tax break for big, multinational corporations, paid for and financed by folks in the mid-dle—which, even after you see the mid-dle-class families pay more, results in a $1.5 trillion addition to the debt, but even after all of that—after the big tax giveaway to big corporations, it has an incentive to add insult to injury for them to move their businesses and fac-tories offshore. I hope we will take a big step back and stop rushing a bill through as a matter of political imperative. We need to get this right. We should have hear-ings. We should have folks from all dif-ferent walks of life and folks who will be impacted by this bill in many dif-ferent ways come and testify to Con-gress about this bill. Then, let’s get to-gether on a bipartisan basis and actu-ally do something that works for the American people, not something that is going to clobber the middle class and provide this huge windfall tax break to big multinational corporations, while encouraging them to suck jobs and fac-tories from the United States overseas. We need to start again on this. I urge my colleagues to do that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I don’t know where to begin. I want to speak about the tax reform proposal but will start by responding to my col-league from Maryland—and he is a col-league and friend—to say that he must be talking about a different tax reform proposal than we are talking about be-cause, frankly, so much of what he said is not consistent with the legislation that I have seen the House proposing and certainly not consistent with the legislation we are talking about here in the Senate. Let me start with his claim that there is a $1.5 trillion tax cut for big corporations. That is simply not true. You can look at the House proposal be-cause it is now out. You can see the fact that it does have tax relief, and it has tax relief targeted at middle-class families. He is right about the fact that it has a lower rate for our multi-national businesses, but he also knows that our current system is absolutely broken, and what is occurring is pre-cisely what he is suggesting might occur if we were to change the code, which is companies and jobs and in-vestment are going overseas. He talked about the fact that we haven’t had hearings. Since I got elect-ed to the Senate in 2010, we have had 70 hearings in the committee I serve on, which is the Finance Committee. I would encourage people to look at what we did 2 years ago. We set up five bipartisan task forces on tax reform. I cochaired one of them. It was actually on the very topic my colleague was talking about. I would encourage him to look at the working group paper on international tax reform and the need for us to go to a lower rate—20 percent—to be com-petitive, to get just below the other in-dustrialized countries, and then to have the opportunity to go to a new type of tax system that enables us to bring back the money that is locked out overseas. Unbelievably, there is $2.5 trillion to $3 trillion of earnings that are overseas. Much of that could be brought back, and that is what this tax proposal does. Significantly, that report my col-leagues will see was coauthored by two Members of this body, one Republican and one Democrat, because all of these task forces, these working groups, were bipartisan. My colleague in that effort was a Senator from New York by the name of CHUCK SCHUMER , who now hap-pens to be the Democratic leader. So I think there is a consensus, at least in the real world, about the fact that our current Tax Code is hopelessly broken and we have to fix it. And if you are against helping our companies to stay American companies, that must mean that you believe that they ought to become foreign companies, which is exactly what is happening. To me, it is an outrage that the U.S. Con-gress is allowing this to happen. Ernst & Young, which is a public ac-counting firm, recently came out with a study showing that 4,700 companies that have become foreign companies over the past 13 years would still be American companies if we had the kind of tax reform proposal that we are pro-posing. In other words, if you had this 20 percent rate I talked about, this competitive international system, you would have 4,700 more American com-panies here, providing jobs, making in-vestments, contributing to their com-munities. It does matter that a company is headquartered here versus headquartered overseas. We have done an analysis of this. We have done an in-vestigation of this. We have deter-mined that when companies leave, they don’t just change their headquarters, they take investment and jobs with them. I would refer my colleagues to the work of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations; again, bipartisan work about the fact that we have to fix this broken Tax Code. The Congressional Budget Office, which is the nonpartisan group here on Capitol Hill that gives us advice on the impact of tax reform on the economy, on deficits, on revenues, has a report which says that if you do lower the business tax rate to make these compa-nies competitive—again, the alter-native is going overseas—the benefit of that goes to shareholders, goes to workers. They say in their analysis that 70 percent of the benefit goes to higher wages and more benefits for workers. Think about it. That makes sense. If a company is not competitive, they can’t pay the kinds of wages we want them to pay. We want to get wages up. They can’t pay the kinds of benefits we want them to pay. We want to get ben-efits up. So although I hope that we can have a spirited debate about aspects of this legislation, we should stick to the facts. We should not attempt to make this yet another partisan issue in this town, where we are attacking some-thing not so much on the merits but because the other side thought about it. I will tell you, when you look back historically, it isn’t just the working group that Senator SCHUMER and I co-chaired on this international front where we have to get this rate down. We have to become competitive. We have to save our jobs here. But look at another bipartisan effort that is talked about a lot and is not agreed to by all Democrats or all Republicans; that is, the Simpson-Bowles proposal. This was several years ago. They looked at the tax policy and deficit issues. Simpson- Bowles—totally bipartisan, supported by a bipartisan group of U.S. Senators who, at the time, were on that commis-sion—said that we ought to go to this lower rate and territorial system. This is not a partisan issue or at least it hasn’t been until now. Let’s not make it one. Yes, it is true that there is tax relief in this proposal. The proposal the House has proposed—the proposal the Senate is likely to propose later this week—does have tax relief, and we be-lieve that tax relief is appropriate. We believe we have to give middle- class families in my home State of Ohio and around the country a little break right now. Why? Because they are seeing their expenses go up, espe-cially healthcare, but also other ex-penses. I say ‘‘especially healthcare’’ because that is the single largest in-crease in expenses; it is in the healthcare area—deductibles, copays, premiums—but also on food, housing, and other costs, including tuition if you are trying to send your kids to school. These expenses have sky-rocketed, yet wages are flat, meaning people are facing this middle-class squeeze. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.018 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7045 November 7, 2017 
We hear a lot of discussion on both sides of the aisle about the fact that we want to help the middle class. One way to help is to help the family budget, to get a little relief to these families so they can make ends meet and not just live paycheck to paycheck. It will also help the economy. It will help get more money into the economy to buy that car, to buy that appliance, to help move the economy forward. It is part of this reform bill—yes, it is— and we are proud of it. We also provide some tax relief on the business side to help small busi-nesses. These are the so-called pass-through companies. About 90 percent of the businesses in America don’t pay their taxes as companies. They are not corporations in that sense. They pay their taxes through their individual tax return. They are called pass-through companies. Some call them LLCs, subchapter S, or sole proprietors or partnerships. These companies tend to be smaller companies, they tend to be family-owned. They need a little help too. So the proposal does provide significant relief for those small busi-nesses. In the House proposal and the Senate proposal, it is hundreds of bil-lions of dollars out of the $1.5 trillion tax relief. We think that is appro-priate. Finally, again, on the business side, it will help make companies competi-tive to get the rate down so they can attract investment into America rath-er than having that investment and jobs going out of America, which is what is happening now. There are 4,700 companies that would be American companies today if we had this tax pro-posal in place over the last 13 years, but we didn’t, and we should learn from that. It is Congress’s responsibility to act to keep that from happening in the future. That is what this tax reform is about. It is about three things. It is about a middle-class tax cut allowing people to keep more of their hard-earned money. We think that is appropriate in these times. It is about helping to make our com-panies more competitive because we want more jobs and higher wages. Part of dealing with the middle-class squeeze is to provide a little help with the family budget with tax relief. Part is to get wages up. When people look at this tax reform proposal—right, left, or center—they are going to say the same thing: This is going to incentivize more investment. Some think more, some think less, but that investment in a tight labor market, as we have right now, is going to result in more com-petition for these workers, therefore, pushing wages up. That is what we want. That is what this is about. It is exciting. Third is to level the playing field internationally so American companies will not be going overseas. That is the whole point. We are not doing this tax reform proposal to encourage compa-nies to go overseas. We are doing this tax reform proposal to incentivize them to stay in America and to attract more foreign investment here in this country so an American company can pay that premium for a foreign sub-sidiary, rather than the other way around now, where American compa-nies are not just inverting. We have heard this word ‘‘inversions,’’ going overseas and buying a foreign com-pany. They are actually being taken over by foreign companies. That is the reality. We can’t let it continue. We have to stand up and be counted, stand up for the middle class, stand up for our workers who are now competing with one hand tied behind their back, whether it is a big auto company like in my home State of Ohio—I toured five of these auto fac-tories over the last couple of weeks, talked to them about the tax reform proposal and how it would work. They gave me their input. It is going to help. By the way, it is going to help whether you are a U.S. company or a foreign company. If you are a foreign auto-maker here in America or you have other foreign investments, a lower rate and immediate expensing—in other words, being able to write off your in-vestments and equipment as you make them—that is all good for you too. So it will have both, the desired effect of helping American companies be com-petitive but, also, if you have foreign direct investment in your State and your community, they should be en-couraged to put more money in Amer-ica rather than somewhere else. If you are a Japanese automaker and you are looking around the world asking: Do I put that next investment in China, do I put it in Tokyo, do I put it in Europe and Germany, or do I put it in Amer-ica, you will like this proposal because you will want to invest and be part of this too. That will help us give this economy a needed shot in the arm. There has been a lot of talk—and I heard it again today on the floor—that this is going to be bad for the deficit. I think there will be about $44 trillion of new revenue coming in, estimated, over the next 10 years. Yes, out of that amount of money, we are suggesting a $1.5 trillion tax cut relative to the score—the budget—we have to use. What does that mean? About $500 bil-lion of that is simply saying, the Budg-et Office says the existing tax policy in place is only temporary. Some of it is only temporary. These are the so- called extenders. We know that is un-likely because we have always pretty much made these permanent, including a big one called bonus depreciation, which is most of that. Right away we think the way it is scored is not fair so we get down to about $1 trillion in tax relief over 10 years, again, with $44 tril-lion coming in. What does that mean? It means you have to have a little more economic growth than is projected in order to not have a deficit and actually pay down the deficit through more revenue coming in. I think that will happen. Why do I say that? Because the projec-tions we have to use are very conserv-ative. The Congressional Budget Office is what we are using, and we are obliged to do that, which is fine. It is a nonpartisan group. They are saying economic growth over the next 10 years will average about 1.9 percent of growth. The average over the past 30 years is about 2.5 percent. So they are saying our economy is not going to grow as fast as it has in the last 30 years. We will see. In the last two quar-ters, the economy grew at 3 percent and 3.1 percent so they don’t seem to be on track with where the economy is going right now. More importantly to me, these pro-posals are pro-growth proposals— whether it is help with regard to the business rate, which gets it below the rate of other industrialized countries rather than the highest rate in the en-tire industrialized world, which is where we are now. We have the highest rate in the industrialized world, and we are getting it below the average. That will increase investment and economic activity and jobs and, therefore, rev-enue. If it is the immediate expensing,— again, where you can write down your investments right away—that will in-crease investment in jobs, according to all the economists who look at that. They may differ on how much. If you look at the international side, where we are going to bring back some of that $2.5 trillion to $3 trillion that is stuck overseas, that certainly is going to be invested here in this country and help with regard to economic growth. There are a number of provisions. I talked about the small business provi-sions earlier which will help small businesses to be able to innovate, to be entrepreneurial, which is what we need more of—more new starts. That is going to help. All of that together is going to help with economic growth. How much? In-stead of the 1.9 percent conservative es-timate they have made for the next 10 years, let’s say it grows 0.4 percent more than projected. I would attribute at least that much to this tax reform proposal because of what we just talked about, but if you believe it is going to grow at 0.4 percent more than projected; in other words, instead of 1.9 percent, 2.3 percent—2.3 percent growth would be below the average over the last 30 years—then you will actually see the deficit start to come down be-cause of this tax reform proposal be-cause the revenue will be there, not just to make it revenue neutral, but beyond that we will actually pay down the deficit. We haven’t done that in a while. Back in 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, we went through this before. We began to re-duce the deficit annually. Do you know how it happened? Constraining spend-ing helped, and that is part of our chal-lenge in the Congress—how do we get our hands around the spending—but second is growing the economy. In that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.020 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7046 November 7, 2017 
case, the capital gains rate of taxation was reduced. Then, suddenly, in the late 1990s, about $100 billion of revenue that nobody expected showed up in the coffers. That is how we got to a so- called balanced budget a few years early because tax revenues were great-er than expected. I believe this will happen again. I be-lieve that when you look at this pro-posal, it is conservative in the sense that it says: Yes, let’s provide needed middle-class tax relief. Let’s also do these things to grow the economy. Let’s assume that because of all this, we are going to be able to improve the economic performance that is pro-jected. It is a pretty disappointing projec-tion. Let’s face it, 1.9 percent growth isn’t great for any of us. It isn’t great to deal with the issues of poverty. It isn’t great to deal with the issues of entrepreneurship and innovation. It isn’t going to help us to afford the enti-tlements that are growing. We need better growth than that, we want more growth, and I think tax relief is the single-most important thing we can do right now. Yes, we should have more regulatory relief. Yes, we should do better in terms of getting the cost of healthcare under control. People are concerned about costs rising so fast, and we haven’t been able to grapple with that issue. Yes, we should do more on work-er training. We have a skills gap in this country. We have jobs available, and yet we don’t have the skilled workforce to take those jobs. Yes, we can do more in terms of helping grow the economy through education and other things, but the one policy area that is crying out for reform is our tax system. It is antiquated. It is out of date. It is driv-ing jobs overseas. It makes no sense. It can be simplified, and this simplifies the Tax Code. It can be made more fair, and this makes it more fair by helping the middle class more. It can encour-age economic growth, and it does so through small business relief and relief for our multinational companies. It can help bring back trillions of dollars stuck overseas. That is what this does. That is the whole idea here. I am excited about this opportunity. The House of Representatives is work-ing on their legislation now in com-mittee. Next week, that will shift to the Senate and the Senate Committee on Finance. We will have the oppor-tunity for an open process. As I noted, we have already had 70 hearings in the Finance Committee just over the past 7 years since I have been in this Cham-ber. We have had working groups, in-cluding the bipartisan one I mentioned earlier, the five bipartisan working groups of that committee. We will have the opportunity at our hearing next week to have an open process—anybody can offer an amend-ment—and open discussion. We will have an interesting debate. It will be spirited. As we saw here today, we have some differences of opinion, but let’s stick to the facts. Let’s not make this partisan. Let’s stick to the merits. Let’s try to help the American people and our economy. Then we will come to the floor of the U.S. Senate, and the same thing will happen—an open process. Every desk you see in here represents a Senator who will have the opportunity, should he or she wish, to offer an amendment, to have a debate, to discuss the issue. It will be spirited at times, but, again, I hope it will lead to a result that actu-ally helps do the things we were elect-ed to do: to give our constituents—the people we represent—the chance to have a better life; to give middle-class families a little relief as they are fac-ing this middle-class squeeze; to help grow this economy from the middle out, from the bottom up, from every-where; to give us the ability to say, once again, that America is that shin-ing example, that beacon of hope and opportunity for the rest of the world. That is what this is about. Let’s not blow this opportunity. Let’s get it done, let’s get it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature before the end of this year, and let’s make good on the commitments we have made to our constituents to help create a better economy and a better future. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 4:30 p.m. today, Tuesday, November 7, there be 30 min-utes of post-cloture time remaining on the Engel nomination, equally divided between the leaders or their designees; that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the con-firmation of the Engel nomination; and that if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; further, that there be 2 minutes, equal-ly divided, prior to the cloture vote on the Robb nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to call atten-tion to the tragedies that have been caused by gun violence across our country, including the most recent at-tack, which left at least 26 dead after a lone gunman opened fire at a church in Texas on Sunday. I join my colleagues in mourning for the victims and their families. Our thoughts are with them and all those affected by what hap-pened in Texas. At the same time, we remember that these heartbreaking events came just 35 days after the deadliest mass shoot-ing in our Nation’s history, when 58 were killed and hundreds were wounded in Las Vegas last month. But as we look ahead, we cannot escape the fact that we can, and must, do more to keep our communities safer. While no one policy will prevent every tragedy, we need to come together on commonsense proposals that would save lives. I appreciate the words of my col-leagues about mental illness and fund-ing for mental illness. I think that is very important. I come from Min-nesota, where Paul Wellstone was one of the leaders in making sure that mental illnesses got covered by insur-ance, and I think we need to do that and more. Another area where we have found some consensus in this Chamber is im-proving background checks. My col-leagues Senator MANCHIN and Senator T
OOMEY have made that clear, and I supported their background check leg-islation in 2013. But the fact remains that we didn’t pass that bill in the Sen-ate. We fell short, and it was a dis-heartening day. I remember having the parents of some of the Sandy Hook victims in my office that morning. Yet what hap-pened that day—you have to contrast it with where the American people are. Consistently, whether it is with public opinion polls or whether it is when you talk to people you meet when you are at home, we have seen that Americans from across the political spectrum sup-port commonsense proposals to require background checks, such as requiring background checks at gun shows. And they support that by wide margins. By the way, I look at this from a State that has a lot of households that have guns. We are a proud hunting State. And with every proposal I look at, I always think of my Uncle Dick and how he used to love hunting and sitting in his deer stand. I think: Does this hurt my Uncle Dick and his deer stand? And I don’t think that the Manchin-Toomey bill would in any way. When I look at these things, I have to evaluate them that way be-cause I know how many proud and law- abiding gun owners we have in our State. But I don’t see that closing this gun show loophole by doing something more about background checks would hurt that hunting tradition in any way. When I talk to law enforcement around Minnesota, they stress the im-portance of having effective back-ground checks to stop felons, domestic abusers, and people who are prohibited from having easy access to guns from having that access. If you remember, part of the Manchin-Toomey proposal was to do more on sharing data and getting the data out there. These ef-forts should not and do not have to in-fringe on Americans’ rights to own guns. Another sensible measure that came out of the tragedy in Las Vegas, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.021 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7047 November 7, 2017 
we should take action on, is Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s legislation to close a loop-hole that allows bump stock devices to convert semiautomatic firearms into weapons that work like fully auto-matic guns. Law enforcement recov-ered 12 of these devices from the hotel room of the shooter in Las Vegas last month. I hope we can find some common ground. Some of our colleagues across the aisle have voiced some interest in this, and I hope we can do something when we know that would have been helpful in that shooting. Another area where we can find com-mon ground is in taking action to pro-tect those who are at risk of gun vio-lence from domestic abusers. We were reminded of how important this is again this week, as reports have re-vealed that the gunman in the Texas shooting had a history of domestic vio-lence, having been court-martialed for assaulting his wife and child in 2012. He was sentenced to 12 months of confine-ment and received a bad-conduct dis-charge from the Air Force. There are also reports of ex-girlfriends and others who reported similar conduct. I am sure the facts will be unveiled, but what I do know, regardless of what the facts show right now, is that this connection between domestic violence, stalking—those kinds of activities— and some kind of homicidal behavior is something that has been well estab-lished. According to recent research, more than half of mass shootings be-tween 2009 and 2016—that is 54 per-cent—involved some kind of domestic or family violence. Before I came to the Senate, I spent 8 years as the top prosecutor for Min-nesota’s largest county, so I have seen that connection. And I have seen the connection between a history of domes-tic violence or stalking that later leads to a more serious crime. That is why it is so important that we have protec-tion orders, and that is why it is so im-portant—as I look at the record of the shooter—that these cases be taken se-riously, so you actually get that mis-demeanor conviction on the record or you actually get a felony conviction or you do something about the stalking behavior when it is reported to law en-forcement. When I was the county attorney in Hennepin County, we would have cases we would sometimes pursue when a vic-tim had reported it and the police had gathered evidence—even if the victim later backed away and was afraid to testify—because we knew it had hap-pened, we had the original testimony, and we had the evidence at the scene. We trained the police on getting the evidence at the scene so that we were able to actually make those cases. And you think about, in that instant, mak-ing those cases; no matter how hard it can be sometimes when you have a scared victim, it is really important. When I was in the county attorney’s office, I made prosecuting felons in possession of firearms one of my top priorities. They weren’t supposed to have guns, and when they did have guns, we had to take it seriously. I will tell you, some of the most disturbing cases that we saw involved people with a documented history of harassment— of stalking, of domestic violence—be-cause you would see it building and building, and sometimes it would be against one victim, but often we would find out that there were others and that it was a pattern of behavior, and one horrible case would erupt into homicidal violence. There was one case I had heard of where a woman was shot to death by her boyfriend. He killed her and then killed himself while both of his kids were still in the house. It was ulti-mately his 12-year-old daughter who went to the neighbors for help. The worst part of the story is that it could have been prevented. In the 2 years leading up to the murder-suicide, the police had been called to the boy-friend’s residence at least five times to resolve domestic disputes. Yet some-how the man, with a history of vio-lence like this, was able to have a gun in his hand on the day he killed his girlfriend. I wish I could say that it was a rare tragedy, but the truth is, studies have shown that more than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners, and over half—this is an average—of the women murdered by in-timate partners in the country are killed with guns. Many times these tragedies begin with incidents of stalk-ing. Research has shown that one in six women has experienced stalking some-time during her lifetime, and 76 per-cent of women murdered by intimate partners were first stalked by their partner. It is for this reason that a number of years ago I introduced a bill called the Protecting Domestic Vio-lence and Stalking Victims Act to close some of these loopholes in our ex-isting laws. My bill would make sure that those who are convicted of mis-demeanor crimes of stalking are not able to buy guns. It would also expand the definition of a domestic abuser to include dating partners. The second part—when we had a hearing on this bill on these issues in the Judiciary Committee, even the Republican wit-nesses who were called supported the dating partner idea because so many States have started to do that. I introduced the legislation this time. It has been bipartisan in the past, but the Republican Senator on the bill is no longer in the Senate, al-though it is bipartisan in the House. But this time I introduced it with Sen-ator H
IRONO and Senator F EINSTEIN , the only other two women on the Judi-ciary Committee of 20 members. Con-gresswoman D
EBBIE DINGELL from Michigan is leading the same bill in the House, and her bill, as I noted, is bipartisan. In 2014, we had a hearing on my bill. As I said, even the Republican wit-nesses agreed that a major portion of the bill was a good idea. At that hear-ing, we heard from Sheriff Christopher Schmaling of Racine County in Wis-consin. He testified about the connec-tion between stalking and guns being used in violence against women. In his testimony, he told the story of one woman from Wisconsin who, he said, had changed his career. This woman had endured 3 years of a violently abu-sive marriage before divorcing her hus-band. She then took out multiple re-straining orders against him over sev-eral years. That horrible day in 2004, he threatened her with a handgun, beat her with a baseball bat, bound and gagged her, and left her in a storage unit to die. Through what he described as some good breaks and some great luck, the Sheriff and his partner res-cued Teri before she died. As a result of the ordeal, she had a miscarriage and had to have her toes surgically re-moved. In his testimony, the Sheriff talked about the importance of my bill’s provision to extend the protec-tions in current law to include dating partners so that abusers would not be able to buy a gun if they are convicted of beating up their girlfriend or boy-friend, regardless of whether they lived together or had a child. As the sheriff said, ‘‘Dangerous boy-friends can be just as scary as dan-gerous husbands; they hit just as hard, and they fire their guns with the same deadly force.’’ This is a simple point that you would think we could all agree on. Sadly, we still have not been able to pass this bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the sheriff’s written testi-mony be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
WRITTEN TESTIMONY OF SHERIFF CHRISTOPHER  
SCHMALING —JUDICIARY COMMITTEE HEARING : ‘‘
VAWA NEXT STEPS : PROTECTING WOMEN  
FROM GUN VIOLENCE ’’—JULY 30 , 2014 Chairman Whitehouse, Senator Grassley, Senator Leahy, members of the Committee, thank you for hosting this hearing today, and thank you for the opportunity to testify. My name is Christopher Schmaling. I am the sheriff of Racine County, Wisconsin and have been a law enforcement officer for 19 years. I am a conservative Republican, and I’m here today to ask you to pass two laws that will protect our sisters, our mothers, and our daughters by keeping guns out of the hands of domestic abusers. The first bill is the Protecting Domestic Violence and Stalk-ing Victims Act of 2013, which will block abusive boyfriends and convicted stalkers from possessing guns. The second is a bill that would require criminal background checks for gun sales by unlicensed sellers. More than half of the women murdered each year are killed by intimate partners or family members. That’s 48 women killed by husbands and boyfriends each and every month. We know that people with a history of committing domestic violence are more likely to become killers—and we know the role that firearms play: When a gun is present in a domestic violence incident, the chances that a woman will be killed increase by 500 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.024 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7048 November 7, 2017 
These numbers are tragic. As the top law enforcement officer in Racine County and over my two decades on the force, I’ve seen far too many of these tragic incidents first-hand. I want to tell you about one such domestic violence incident, a tragedy that changed my career. In 2004, Teri Jendusa-Nicolai was vio-lently abused and left for dead by her ex-hus-band. Teri had endured three years of a vio-lently abusive marriage before divorcing him, and had then taken out multiple re-straining orders against him over several years. That horrible day in 2004, he threatened her with a .38 caliber handgun, beat her with a baseball bat, bound and gagged her, and left her in a storage unit to die. My partner and I were the lead investigators on the case, and through some good breaks and some great luck, we rescued Teri before she died. As a result of the ordeal, Teri had a mis-carriage and had to have her toes surgically removed. Teri is one of the most wonderful people I’ve ever known, and has been a tremendous advocate for victims of abuse in the decade since she was nearly killed at gunpoint. We’ve become very close since then, and my eyes have been opened to the reality of do-mestic violence and gun violence. I’ve also become close with Elvin Daniel, who is sit-ting here beside me today, and have been moved by his sister Zina’s story. I’m proud to say we are the first county in the State of Wisconsin to have a full-time domestic violence specialist. We work close-ly with victims to figure out how best to pro-tect them. We’ve made this very intimate and very deadly area a top priority for our department. So much of the crime we face in Racine County is intimate partner abuse, and any cop will tell you that domestic vio-lence calls are the most dangerous calls. The last thing a victim needs, and the last thing my officers need, is for these dangerous abus-ers to be armed with illegal guns. We respond to domestic violence incidents differently than other calls, because these are ‘‘heightened risk’’ calls—we send more officers, we go ahead and assume that guns will be involved, because they are so often involved. Abusers routinely threaten to shoot my deputies and I upon arrival at do-mestic violence calls. In fact, according to FBI data, over 150 law enforcement officers have been killed in action while responding to domestic disturbances. I’m proud to have worked on a great do-mestic violence bill in Wisconsin in 2014 known as ‘‘The Safe Act,’’ a bill that ensures guns are kept out of the hands of domestic abusers. This bill was passed by a bipartisan majority and signed by our Republican gov-ernor Scott Walker. This year alone, similar bills were passed with bipartisan support in New Hampshire, Minnesota, Vermont, and Washington. And in Louisiana, where an-other Republican governor—Bobby Jindal— signed the bill into law. The first bill I’m asking you to pass today is the Protecting Domestic Violence and Stalking Victims Act of 2013, S. 1290, intro-duced by Senator Klobuchar. This bill would close a loophole that allows abusive dating partners to buy and have guns—simply be-cause they are not married to their victims. And it would also block people with stalking convictions from having guns. Why is this bill so important? I can tell you firsthand that domestic violence is hor-rific, whether or not the abuser and victim are married. When we send our police into danger to respond to domestic violence calls, we send the same folks regardless of the cou-ple’s marital status. Dangerous boyfriends can be just as scary as dangerous husbands; they hit just as hard and they fire their guns with the same deadly force. In fact, accord-ing to FBI data, more women are killed in America by their abusive boyfriends than by their abusive husbands. This past March, just a couple hours from Racine County, Cheryl Gilberg was killed by her ex-boyfriend in a domestic dispute. The killer apparently shot Cheryl with her own gun, after a struggle. According to news re-ports, she had been seeking a restraining order at the time of the killing. But in cases like Cheryl’s, a restraining order isn’t good enough. If you’ve never been married to your abuser, federal law likely will not stop him from buying a gun. If Congress passes this bill, federal law will be catching up with the states. Among the 22 states that prohibit gun possession by do-mestic abusers subject to restraining orders, 19 of those states already include abusive dating partners. And 42 of our states have recognized that dating partner abuse is a form of domestic abuse by allowing victims to take out domestic violence restraining or-ders against their boyfriends. The second bill I’m asking you to pass today would require criminal background checks for gun buyers who shop with unli-censed sellers. Current federal law prohibits many abusers from buying guns, but only re-quires them to pass a background check if they buy a gun from a licensed dealer. This is a gaping hole in the law: It means a con-victed wife-beater can slip through the cracks and get a gun simply by finding a seller who does not have his own gun store. This is exactly what happened in Dane County: Tyrone Adair was a domestic abuser who had been convicted of battery twice, and was legally prohibited from owning a gun be-cause of a restraining order. So instead of going to a gun store—where he would have had to pass a background check—he found an ad for a 9mm Glock in a local paper, and met the seller at a hardware store. There was no background check, though the seller did ask, and I quote, ‘‘You’re not going to go out and kill someone, are you?’’ Tyrone Adair used that gun on a horrific murder spree, killing his two daughters—ages 1 and 2—and killing their two mothers. Background checks work. Sixteen states and DC already require background checks for all handgun sales, and about 40 percent fewer women are shot to death by their hus-bands and boyfriends in those states. And background checks save law enforcement lives as well: about 40 percent fewer cops are killed with handguns in those states, as well. These are the cops that risk their lives when they respond to domestic violence calls, rushing into the middle of very dan-gerous and very intimate situations. We see the terror that abusers can create when they are armed. We see the impact on their wives and girlfriends, and on their children. We’re major proponents of community policing in Racine County, and if I have my officers on the street, working closely with our resi-dents, I want to know that our laws are doing everything they can to keep guns out of abusive hands. So I’m here to speak for victims of abuse and to speak for my cops. I’ve made it a pri-ority to talk to victims. I’ve seen the esca-lation over the years, from yelling, to bat-tery, to homicide. When an abuser has a gun, the victims say to me, ‘‘Sheriff, is not a question of if he’ll use the gun to abuse me; it’s a question of when.’’ And I recognize the value of preventing even one gun from wind-ing up in the hands of an abuser: one gun may translate into one more lives saved. So today, I’m asking you to pass S. 1290, which will apply the same rules to all abus-ers, regardless of whether they are married to their victims or not—and will prohibit convicted stalkers from having guns. And I’m asking you to require criminal background checks for gun sales by unli-censed sellers, and ensure that abusers don’t get a free pass when they buy guns from them—often strangers they meet online, at gun shows, or through classified ads. The bi-partisan bill introduced last year by Sen-ators Joe Manchin and Pat Toomey would do just that, and it has already received the support of 55 senators. I’m asking you today to stand up against abuse by fixing our out-of-date laws and passing this common-sense legislation. Thank you for your time and I look forward to answering your questions. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I also note that a justice from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania also testified on that day as the Republicans’ witness. Even though he did not agree with every-thing in the bill, he also said: I abso-lutely agree that we should have boy-friends, dating partners as a part. We have it in Pennsylvania, OK? It is im-portant. As the sheriff said, they can shoot, and they can beat up people just like anybody else. He was, actually, the Republicans’ witness at the hearing. That is why I am happy that in the House of Rep-resentatives it is a bipartisan bill, but I would like to see it as a bipartisan bill here in the Senate. Maybe they will reconsider this now. Just as the NRA has said that it was looking at the bump stock issue, maybe they would be willing to look at this issue because they wrote kind of a fast memo on this—it is only a page long— back when we had the hearing and when we were gaining support for the bill. Remember that this is very nar-row legislation that is focused on mak-ing sure that dating partners are cov-ered and also people who are not charged but convicted of stalking. They wrote that the legislation ‘‘ma-nipulates emotionally compelling issues such as ‘domestic violence’ and ‘stalking’ simply to cast as wide a net as possible. . . .’’ I want to make this very clear—and I have never addressed this on the floor before—that this was really focused narrowly so that we could gain Repub-lican support. I didn’t really think the NRA would support it, but I thought that maybe they would be neutral, and, sure enough, their witnesses at the hearing supported it. We have had Re-publican Senators support it in the past, and we have also had Republican House Members support it. In going after the bill by saying that it manipu-lates emotionally compelling issues, well, I would agree in that I am sure that a lot of people shed tears when watching what happened in Texas, and I am sure that they have shed a lot of tears when they have heard the stories from people in their own communities of the victims, of the women who had died at the hands of domestic abusers after years of abuse. So if they want to call that emotionally compelling and manipulative, that is up to them, but I call it the truth. The other thing they said about this bill—and this was even more inter-esting—is the part about the stalking, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.005 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7049 November 7, 2017 
which is a major part of the legislation as well. That part of the bill, as I men-tioned, just takes what we know as a signal for trouble in the future and vio-lence in the future, and you would ac-tually have to be convicted of stalking to have the gun protections apply. The example they used—as I said, it did not make any sense to include this, and it is the only example they used— was of two men of equal size, strength, and domestic status, joined by a civil union or merely engaged or formally engaged in an intimate social relation-ship, being subject to this prohibition for conviction of simple assault arising from a single shoving match. Actually, this part applies to the do-mestic partners. I think they are really taking this in a way that has surprised me since whom we are talking about are boyfriends and girlfriends and do-mestic violence, but they have changed it into a shoving match in a bar with people who might have some kind of social relationship. I just do not think this is a valid reason for my Repub-lican colleagues to oppose this bill, and I am going to keep bringing this up be-cause it does not make sense to me. They end by saying that, whatever the case may have been 30 years ago, domestic violence is now taken seri-ously by the legal and criminal justice systems. That was the reason they gave for op-posing the bill. Really? Look at what we just found that happened in the last week when this was not just a minor example of domestic assault but was a felony. The person was court- martialed, and the person was, basi-cally, detained for a year. Yet, some-how, this was not taken seriously enough through our entire system to show up on a record check. How about all of the reports that had been made by previous girlfriends and other peo-ple about his behavior, and nothing had seemed to come up then? As I mentioned, of the many cases that we had had in our office, even when the victim had gotten scared and decided that she had not wanted to pursue anything, we had felt that we had an obligation to her and to the other women we knew would come after her to pursue those cases, and, many times, we had done that if the police had been trained and they had been able to get the evidence at the scene. Sometimes there had been child witnesses and others, and we had been able to pursue those cases and win them, and we did. So to say that you don’t want to sup-port my bill because you think this system is so great, is working so well, and is being taken seriously by the legal and criminal justice systems after you saw what just happened in Texas, I do not think is true. This memo was written 2 years ago. So I hope they will look at this again and consider supporting my bill. I conclude my remarks by sharing another story about yet another tragic shooting from my State. In this one I truly got to know the widow. She is the widow of a police officer in Lake City, MN. This was a case in which the offi-cer, who was a wonderful man in a small town police department, re-sponded to a domestic violence call from a 17-year-old girl who was being abused by her ex-boyfriend. He went to the scene in the middle of the winter. He had a bulletproof vest on and every-thing because the domestic violence cases can be much more dangerous than people think, and officers know this. He was shot in the head, and he was killed. The 17-year-old girl lived. This officer literally gave his life to save another. There was a big funeral, and there were law enforcement people there from all over our State. I will never forget that funeral. I was sitting there in the aisle, and I had learned that the last time that officer had been in that church was to see his own kids—three young children, two boys and a girl—in a Nativity play. He had been sitting right in the front row of that same church, so proud of them at Christmas. Shortly after that, he was shot. At his funeral, there were those three chil-dren walking down the church aisle— the two young boys and the little girl in a blue dress that was covered with stars. I always think about that little girl in that blue dress that was covered in stars. This was domestic violence gone bad. He was a police officer who had shown up at the scene. When you look at these cases—we can look at the numbers; we can look at the stories; we can look at what has gone on on TV—you see this connec-tion between domestic violence and stalking and then, later, either mass shootings or violence against one per-son, which happens much more often. It is not a coincidence. It is something that has been well documented. As we extend our sympathies and prayers to all of those who were af-fected by that tragedy in Texas and, of course, not too long ago in Las Vegas and in so many other communities and to all of those, of course, who were also victims of that act of terror in New York—we think of all of them—we also think: What can we do to make this better? In this case, when it comes to domestic violence and this specific issue that I know a lot about from my past job, we can do something. So let’s pass this bill. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, when-ever a Higher Power is looking down on us as we move through our daily lives, I imagine that He probably doesn’t see political borders. I imagine He prob-ably doesn’t care much about the dis-tinctions that we create to tell the dif-ference between us and others. He prob-ably doesn’t care much about walls and fences. He cares about us as people. He looks at us, at how we conduct our-selves, and at how we treat others. We spend a lot of time here talking about the arbitrary divisions between us, but in the end, when we face our Maker, it probably is just about how we treated those around us, whether we tried to make their lives a little bit better. So I am on the floor this afternoon to talk about a handful of my constitu-ents who need our help, young people who we have labeled with the term Dreamers, who came to this country not by their decision but by the deci-sion of their parents, when they were very, very young. They are Americans in every sense of the word. They are beautiful, beautiful young men and women, and they want us to see them as the beautiful individuals they are. They don’t want to be labeled. They don’t want to be put into the middle of a divisive political dialogue. They just want our help. We all hear from them because there is no State that doesn’t have these kids. There are 800,000 who have offi-cially registered under the existing law that provides them with protection. They are in every single congressional district. I thought it would be useful for my colleagues to hear from just a few of them today because they can tell the story of why we need to give citizen-ship, permanent protection, to these kids at the very least, if not their par-ents and others who have been waiting for a long time for comprehensive im-migration reform. They can tell this story better than I can. Vania from Willimantic is a student at Eastern Connecticut State Univer-sity. I want to read what she wrote to me. She said: I was born in Mexico, and I was brought to the United States at the age of 3 and have been living in Willimantic since. I am 19 now. I grew up in Willimantic, Connecticut, and I consider it my home. It’s where I grew up, where I went to school, where I made friends, and where all my memories are. As an undocumented student in the United States, you are constantly unsure of what your future may hold, but not because you’re indecisive or unsure of what you are going to do, but rather because you don’t ultimately have power of your own future. At a young age I always knew I wanted to go to college; however, I also knew that because of my sta-tus, I might have not been able to carry out that goal. However, I didn’t let it discourage me. I like many other undocumented stu-dents did the best we could and constantly strived to be the best at anything we did, and now, thanks to DACA, all that hard work has finally begun to pay off. See, DACA is more than just a legal status; it is the puzzle piece that many of us have been missing in order to reach our goals. It has allowed me to get a Social Security number, a driver’s license, but more impor-tantly, a higher education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.027 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7050 November 7, 2017 
Growing up, I constantly had all my teach-ers say to me: Do good in school, try your best at anything you do, stay out of trouble, and you are guaranteed to go far in life. 
Let me step out of her comments for a second. Boy, if that is not an encap-sulation of the American dream—‘‘do good in school, try your best at any-thing you do, stay out of trouble, and you are guaranteed to go far in life’’— I don’t think I could find a better way to encapsulate what we hope is the story for every single child in this country. Vania said: 
So that is exactly what I did. Most other DACA recipients did the exact same, but it currently doesn’t seem enough for this gov-ernment. There is no longer a fight for a work permit but rather a fight for my human rights. I am just as worthy to live here and carry out my goals as any other natural born citizenship. I have done my best, consistently contributed to society in a positive way. This is my home. I deserve to feel safe here, and I will continue to fight for that until I do. 
Mirka is from Wallingford, CT, and she is a Southern Connecticut State University student. She said: 
I came here from Mexico sixteen years ago. I am currently a senior at Southern Con-necticut State University, studying bilingual education. We need more good people in bilingual edu-cation. I just started student teaching last week, but all that is in danger. Besides being able to get a license and work permit, DACA has allowed me to follow through on my passion of becoming a teacher. It has given me hope that I have a future career in education and that I can live my life without fear of depor-tation. 
An in-need profession—bilingual edu-cators. Somebody willing to devote their life to our kids needs our help. Faye in Norwalk says: 
I am one of the more than 800,000 DACA re-cipients in the United States. I am from Trinidad and Tobago and have been in the United States almost 19 years. I live in Nor-walk, CT, and I have lived there for about 16 years. It is home to me. 
You hear that over and over again: It is home to me. 
I am currently a Lead Radiology Sched-uler, and I have a second job working at Ulta, both of which I enjoy. My goal in work-ing both jobs is to purchase my first home. 
That is another very critical compo-nent of the American dream—home ownership. 
Growing up, I wanted to be a homeowner. I wanted a place that I could call mine, and with DACA I saw that as a possibility. Now I’m not sure when or if that would come through, but I still will continue to work hard because in my heart I know God is big-ger than even this moment, and I know that we will be victorious. Even in a land that would not allow me to claim it as my home, I want to buy a house of my own to call my home. One day I will be called American not just among my undocumented community but by a Nation. 
I mean, listen, we have some very ar-ticulate people in this body, Repub-licans and Democrats. I am not sure that any of us could write something that poignant, that beautiful, and that compelling: I am not sure if any of that will come through, but I am going to continue to work hard because in my heart I know that God is bigger than even this moment, and I know that we will be victorious. Even in a land that would not allow me to claim it as my home, I want to buy a house to call it my home. One day I will be called an American not just among my commu-nity but by my Nation. There are 4,900 DACA recipients in just my State alone. I have met a lot of them. Frankly, maybe not everyone is as beautifully articulate as Faye, but, boy, they have done some very impres-sive things with their lives, maybe in part because they always knew that their status here was in jeopardy and they had to make the most of their time in the United States, not knowing when it would end, knowing that they had opportunities here in the United States that they simply would not and could not have if they ever went home, especially those kids who came here when they were 3 years old, going back home to a place where they might not even speak the language—they cer-tainly know no one—a place where op-portunity is farther off even for those who were born there. They worked hard, and they hustled a little bit more, knowing that they might be at risk of some day being pushed out of this country. They are Americans. Every single one of these students, these Dreamers, use the phrase ‘‘This is home.’’ And they want our help. I think this is a moral issue, first and foremost. It is how we treat each other. These people are our neighbors. They are our coworkers. Eight hundred business leaders— CEOs from companies such as Walmart, Target, Facebook, Pepsi, Kaiser—want them to stay here because they are their employees. They know how much they add to the economic bounty of this country. They wrote to us and asked for us to provide permanent pro-tection for these kids. Seventy-five national colleges and universities, including all the ones in my State—Yale, Trinity, Connecticut College, the State universities—said the same thing. They want to educate these kids. They see them. They see what stellar students they are, and they just can’t imagine the United States deciding to send 800,000 of these incredibly capable kids away. One hundred eighty-six civil and human rights groups running the gamut say: This is a moral and civil rights issue. Let these kids stay. Because of President Trump’s deci-sion to telegraph the end of the tem-porary protection for these students, the burden is now on us, Republicans and Democrats, to do something and do something soon. It is hard to describe the psychological toll on these kids right now. I mean, it was bad enough when they were pushed into the shad-ows. It got a little bit better when they got temporary protection. But now that we have put a clock on, now that they have revealed themselves to the world and put themselves on a list that can allow them to be targeted, there is a little bit of their soul that atrophies every day as they wonder whether we are going to come together and do the right thing. Part of the reason part of them is crumbling inside is because they see themselves as being made po-litical pawns in a bigger game here. It would be so easy for us to decide to protect these kids. Just do it now. Don’t wait until the end of the year. Don’t wait until this issue is mixed to-gether with all sorts of other must-pass legislation. Just come together right now and step up and give these kids some degree of confidence that they can be here. I have heard so many of my Repub-lican colleagues say they want to do that. Why wait? Why push this up until the last minute? Do it right now. It is the right thing to do. In the end, whoever is up there does not look at borders. He looks at us. He looks into our soul. He thinks about how we treat those who need our help and our protection. And no one needs our help and protection more than these kids right now—5,000 of them in my State and 800,000 of them across the country. So my plea is simple, Mr. President: Let’s do this and do this now. Let’s give permanent protection, citizenship, pathways to citizenship, to these beau-tiful boys and girls, men and women. Don’t make this issue about politics. Don’t make it about parties. Don’t make these kids a bargaining chip in a bigger game. Just do the right thing. I promise you, if you do, you won’t re-gret it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. CLIMATE DISRUPTION  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, cli-mate disruption is the seminal chal-lenge of our generation. We have seen the impacts occurring all around the world. We see it in the disappearing Arctic ice. We see it in the melting per-mafrost. We see it in the change of car-bon dioxide and methane being emitted from peat bogs, disappearing glaciers, dying coral reefs, and certainly more powerful storms and raging fires. It is the responsibility of those of us in this generation, in this time, to take action. Indeed, communities across the globe are taking action. They are in-creasing the energy efficiency of build-ings, vehicles, and appliances, and they are replacing carbon-polluting fossil fuel energy with renewable energy. This is such an important issue. How much do you know about the changes underway? Well, let’s find out. Welcome to episode 7 of the Senate Cli-mate Disruption Quiz. Our first question is, Since the year 2000, the rate of global carbon dioxide pollution has decreased dramatically, decreased slightly, stayed the same, or increased substantially? Lock in your answers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.033 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7051 November 7, 2017 
The answer is D, increased substan-tially. Many folks think that because of the actions being taken at the local level and by the community of nations and the Paris Agreement, that, in fact, global CO
2pollution has decreased dra-matically, but it has not. The rate at which the pollution is occurring is in-creasing. So it isn’t just the total level. For example, in 1990, we had 354 parts per million; 10 years later, in 2000, we were up to 369.64 parts per million; and in 2017, we were up to 408.8 parts per million. The levels are climbing, but the speed is increasing as well. In that period around 1990, we were increasing about 1
1⁄2parts per million per year; by 2000, it was about 2 parts per million per year; and now we are at 2
1⁄2parts per million per year. So this increase is substantial. As a community of nations, we have to not only proceed to decrease total carbon pollution, but first we have to get the rate of increase under control. This brings us to the second ques-tion: In September of this year, how many miles did a Proterra bus drive on a single charge? Did this bus set a record by going 270 miles, the distance between L.A. and Las Vegas, or did it set a record by going 600 miles, equiva-lent from New York City to Columbia, SC? Did it travel over 1,100 miles, the equivalent distance from Arizona to Arkansas? Did it manage to go 2,092 miles, the shortest distance from the east coast to the west coast in Amer-ica? Lock in your answers. The correct answer is C. It went 1,100 miles. The electric bus traveled 1,100 miles. This bus was a new version of the Catalyst E2. It is called the Cata-lyst E2 Max. It is produced by Proterra. It has a battery that is 50 percent larger than the previous version that is being sold commer-cially—that is the Catalyst E2. That Proterra that is currently being sold has a functional range for the transit agencies that are buying it of over 350 miles, about 350 miles. That is pretty impressive. But by having a battery that is 50 percent lighter and moving quite slowly, driving it slowly, they managed to go 1,100 miles. It is really an indication of the rapid trans-formation of this particular type of electric vehicle. Question No. 3: Warmer weather is contributing to what problem in major American cities? Is the problem caused by warmer weather transit delays? Is it exploding rat populations? Is warmer weather contributing to larger pot-holes or to longer tourist seasons? Well, the dramatic answer here is that the warmer weather is contrib-uting to exploding rat populations. Rat breeding usually slows in winter, but if you have a mild winter, that doesn’t happen. Since 2013, the pest control company Orkin has reported significant growth in its services—61 percent growth in Chicago, 67 percent in Boston, 174 per-cent in San Francisco, 129 percent in New York City, and 57 percent in Wash-ington, DC, right here where the Cap-itol is located. This is a major eco-nomic and health problem. Rats caused $19 billion in economic damage in 2000 from, among other things, eating away at buildings and infrastructure, and, of course, they are carriers of rodent- borne diseases like E. coli and sal-monella. Plus, we just simply don’t like having them in our cities. Let’s turn to the next question, ques-tion No. 4. As of today, how many na-tions in the world are rejecting the Paris Agreement that addresses cli-mate disruption? Is the answer 25 out of the roughly 200 nations in the world or 12 or 3 nations or 1 nation? Lock in your answers. The answer is not 25 nor 12, and it is not 3. It is now just one nation that is rejecting the Paris Agreement. Now, until recently there were three na-tions. You had two nations that had not signed up and one nation that had said it was going to withdraw. The two that had not signed up were Nicaragua and Syria, and the one that said it was going to withdraw was the United States of America. President Trump made that announcement. But a short time ago, Nicaragua announced it was going to ratify the treaty, and today Syria announced it was going to ratify the treaty. That leaves the United States standing alone as the only Na-tion that is saying it is going to reject the Paris Agreement. Of course, this has a big impact on American leadership in the world, since we worked very hard to bring nations together to craft this agreement. The nations were so impressed that all of them in the world are now partici-pating except us—except the United States. Let’s go to question No. 5. Better management of our lands and forests could help reach what percent of the goals laid out in the Paris Agreement? Could better management of lands and forests contribute to reaching 5 per-cent, or one-twentieth of the goal; or 12 percent, roughly one-eighth; or 25 per-cent, roughly one-quarter of the goal; or 37 percent, more than one-third of the goal laid out in Paris? Lock in your answers. The correct answer to this is D, 37 percent, or more than one-third, a sur-prisingly high number. An inter-national study released last month said the natural climate solutions in guard-ing the management of our lands and our forests could help us reach more than a third of the goals laid out in the Paris Agreement. The paper looked at 20 conservation and improved land management actions that help increase carbon storage or avoid greenhouse gas emissions in a cost-effective manner. The single most important factor among them is reforestation. Years ago I heard an individual say: Wouldn’t it be great if we could just in-vent something that could pull carbon dioxide out of the air. Well, we actually have that already. It is called a tree. Growing trees is a very effective strat-egy in addressing carbon pollution. Of course, there are issues related to how we manage our forests and making them more resilient to forest fires, where they are less likely to burn and emit carbon. Certainly, there is how we farm and how we take care of other types of lands, including peat restora-tion and coastal restoration. Those are our five questions for this edition, episode 7, of the Senate Cli-mate Disruption Quiz. These questions were ripped from the headlines in re-gard to the biggest test facing human kind on this planet. It is up to us in this generation to act. We are the first generation to experi-ence this enormous range of impacts from carbon pollution and a warming planet, and we are the only generation that is able to head off disaster ahead by acting quickly now. We are racing the clock. There is no time to spare. So stay engaged and do all you can to help take this on. Meanwhile, as we learn more about technology and about the planet, all in the near future, I will bring you Cli-mate Disruption Quiz Episode 8. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Senator from Con-necticut. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we are here in the wake of yet another senseless mass shooting. Again, we continue to watch in horror a commu-nity torn apart and families seeking solace and comfort, loved ones deprived of people close to them forever. We know about that feeling in Connecticut because we had been through it in Sandy Hook just 5 years ago, almost to the month. Next month will be the fifth anniversary. Every day in America in commu-nities across this great country, there are senseless similar acts of violence one by one, person by person. Every day there is a mass instance of people dying of gun violence. The danger is that this kind of incident will become a normal way of life in America. We cannot allow ourselves to become de-sensitized. We cannot lose hope that action is possible. We cannot allow our-selves to succumb to this supposed nor-mal. We cannot surrender to fear or complacency or hopelessness. Our hearts and prayers are with the brave souls who are enduring this un-speakable grief and pain. Again, we know about it in Connecticut because I remember well that afternoon at Sandy Hook and the days that followed when families hoped for numbness. They hoped that the rawness and unimagi-nable pain of that loss would leave. For some, it has lessened, but it will never go away for them or for the families in Texas or Orlando or San Bernardino or Virginia Tech. The list is a long one, and it should include those families in Hartford, New Haven, Stamford, Bridgeport and in other communities— not necessarily urban, but suburban and rural—around Connecticut and around the country that have endured this same grief. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.035 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7052 November 7, 2017 
Numbness is not the answer. Action is the answer—honoring those victims by action. That honor is never too soon. That sense of grief will never go away. As much as our hearts and pray-ers go out to those families, we must also honor them with action. Our reaction is not necessarily aimed at the last shooting or the last death by gun violence. It should prevent the future ones. The trap of the gun lobby-ists is to say: Well, what you are pro-posing wouldn’t have prevented what happened last Sunday in Sutherland Springs, TX. But we do know that 26 people might be alive today if the U.S. Air Force had done its job. Twenty-six people might be alive today if the U.S. Air Force had reported this conviction by court-martial of the shooter to the NICS background system. Twenty-six people might be alive today if the U.S. Air Force had followed the law. There is a law that requires this re-porting. It was passed in 2007. It re-quires all courts and all jurisdictions to make that reporting. The law here is also clear that the shooter never should have had access to firearms. There are laws on the books right now specifically designed to help prevent dangerous individuals with criminal records of exactly this kind from getting their hands on guns, and that includes anyone who has a do-mestic violence conviction in any court, including military court. As the author of that legislation, Frank Lautenberg, said at the time: It is a very simple principle. Wife beaters and child abusers should not have guns. The statistics bear out that principle now more than they did ever before. The mix of guns and domestic violence is a toxic one. Fifty-five percent of all homicides against women occur during domestic violence disputes, and a woman is five times more likely to die during a domestic violence dispute if there are guns in the house. The law also prohibits anyone who has been dishonorably discharged from the military or convicted of an offense carrying a sentence of more than 1 year from buying a firearm. The Department of Defense has a clear legal obligation to have made that report. By the way, that obliga-tion includes military court indict-ments as well as convictions, because they may disqualify someone from ob-taining guns. We know today that the shooter in Sutherland Springs, TX, also was in-voluntarily committed to a mental health facility after sneaking guns onto an Air Force base and trying to kill his military superiors. That person should never have been anywhere near a firearm, let alone having the ability to buy one from a licensed firearm dealer, as apparently occurred. The Air Force’s lapse is shocking and inexcusable. It is a lapse that may have contributed to, if not directly caused, that shooting because, otherwise, that shooter would have completely lacked access to the firearms he used so le-thally. The American people deserve to know why the gunman’s conviction was not reported in the background check database. The American people also deserve to know what immediate steps the Department of Defense will take to ensure that every court-mar-tial indictment or conviction is re-ported to the FBI when they disqualify someone from accessing guns. The American people deserve action. So I have written to the Defense Sec-retary James Mattis urging him to take immediate action to ensure that guns are prevented from falling into the wrong hands. That means taking specific, concrete steps to identify an individual whose convictions and court-martial disqualify them from ob-taining a gun and making sure those records are submitted to the FBI. I want to know what system there will be for identifying those convictions. I am also planning to introduce legis-lation because enforcement of that law should be done and reemphasized and reinforced so that there is no question in any mind of anyone in the military about their obligation. They must en-sure that people who are convicted of disqualifying offenses in military courts are reported to the national background check database so they are prevented from having access to these firearms by purchasing them from li-censed firearms dealers. As of now, the background check law applies only to those licensed dealers. We need to extend it to include all fire-arms sales. We need other common-sense measures to prevent and stop gun violence, but at least the military can be compelled to honor this obligation. I know its heart is in the right place, and I know they will diligently reform what they need to do largely on their own because they recognize that obli-gation. We have an obligation, as well, to en-force all of these laws more diligently. As a law enforcement person, one who was the State attorney general for 20 years and the U.S. attorney before then, I am proud of the State of Con-necticut for classifying domestic of-fenses so they can be disqualifying under the law. Connecticut is only one of a handful—perhaps three States— that have that disqualifying classifica-tion, so the States need to do better as well. The simple, commonsense fixes to help enforce laws that are already on the books to keep America safe will en-able the law to be real and effective. If it is unenforced, it is dead letter. It must be enforced. We need better en-forcement, and we also need better laws. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join in this effort, and I hope this new legislation will be bipar-tisan, just as we grieve together re-gardless of party. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I first wish to thank my friend, the dis-tinguished Senator from Connecticut, for his very important words. 
NOMINATION OF PETER ROBB  
Mr. President, I rise at this point to say a few words about one of President Trump’s nominees whom we will be voting on in a few minutes. The National Labor Relations Board is a crucial tool for protecting working men and women in Michigan and across the country. The right to collectively bargain, the freedom to be able to bar-gain for fair wages, good benefits, re-tirement security, safe and fair work-places—all of these things depend on a National Labor Relations Board that works—that works for people. Perhaps no person at the NLRB is more critical to protecting these rights than is the NLRB’s General Counsel. When a worker believes that the law has been violated and brings their con-cern to the National Labor Relations Board, it is the General Counsel who investigates. If the employee is found to have violated the law or the free-doms and rights of working men and women, it is the General Counsel who takes action to make things right. Unfortunately, while President Trump talks a lot about having our workers’ backs—he certainly said that a lot in Michigan—his actions speak much louder than his words. That is certainly true in the case of his choice for General Counsel, Peter Robb. Mr. Robb was voted out of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee in October without any Democratic support—and there was a reason for that. The reason is that during his career, he has shown so little support for working men and women across our country. When Dominion Energy’s workers at the Millstone Power Station in Con-necticut attempted to use their free-dom to organize—one of the freedoms in America is to be able to come to-gether, to be able to organize, to be able to collectively bargain on behalf of yourself and others to make sure you are able to get fair pay and a pen-sion and safe working conditions. But when the people at the Millstone Power Station in Connecticut attempted to do that, Mr. Robb, who represented Do-minion, delayed the election for more than 2 years. Not only that, he bragged about it on his law firm’s website— making people who wanted to exercise their freedom to collectively bargain and to organize wait for 2 years. Mr. Robb also was lead counsel on the case that led to 11,000 air traffic controllers being fired—people, again, who were part of a union and could col-lectively bargain for safe conditions and good pay and pensions. They were fired and barred from Federal service. It was a watershed case in the history of union suppression, in taking away people’s freedoms. While he worked for a Reagan-ap-pointed NLRB member, longstanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.037 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7053 November 7, 2017 
policies changed to weaken the govern-ment’s ability to enforce the rights and freedoms of working men and women. With stagnant wages and rising healthcare costs and worries about pension cuts and workplace discrimina-tion, frankly, I know working men and women in Michigan and across the country have enough to worry about. They shouldn’t have to worry that the person who is supposed to have their back is, instead, looking for ways to strip away their freedom to organize on the job. That is why I will vote no on Peter Robb, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, I wish to turn now to another very important topic. I have been speaking about workers, and now I wish to speak about our children and standing up for our children. Every year, 9 million children receive health insurance through a very suc-cessful program called the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Children from low- and middle-income families who do not qualify for Medicaid—work-ing families—are able to receive healthcare through CHIP, and every year, 25 million people, including 300,000 veterans and 7.5 million chil-dren, receive medical care from com-munity health centers in cities and towns and rural communities all across Michigan and across the country. That is 9 million children who can see a doc-tor when they get sick or hurt, and that is millions of parents who don’t have to lie awake at night, worrying about what will happen the next time their child falls, breaks an arm, gets strep throat, or something even worse. Thanks to Republican inaction, these millions of parents do now have to worry. It has been 38 days since the Repub-lican leadership let funding expire for the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram and community health centers— 38 days and counting—38 days when we could have been working together to fund these important programs. Yet that didn’t happen, even though they have bipartisan support. That is 38 days of telling children and hard-work-ing families who use these programs that they don’t matter as much as other things we are doing. For the longest time, the Children’s Health Insurance Program and commu-nity health centers have received strong bipartisan support, and that is true today. If these programs—a bill that came out of the Finance Com-mittee and a bill that Senator R
OY B
LUNT and I have introduced—were brought to the floor, they would get strong bipartisan support—if we could get them on the floor. We are hearing from more than 1,000 organizations, including the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Heart Association, the March of Dimes, and the National Association of Coun-ties, all urging us to take up the CHIP bill and to pass it—the 5-year exten-sion, which is so critical. Senator HATCH on the Finance Com-mittee, of which I am proud to be a member, has worked with Senator W
YDEN , with me, and with others to put together a good bill, a 5-year reau-thorization of CHIP, on a bipartisan basis, and 70 Members of this body, led by Senator R
OYBLUNT and myself, have signed a letter of support for con-tinuing funding for community health centers. Senator B
LUNT and I, with eight other Democrats and eight Re-publicans, have put in a bill to do that. We know the support is there. The problem is, we cannot get it brought up on the floor as a priority for the Sen-ate. As I mentioned, this crucial funding expired 38 days ago—more than a month ago. Over those 38 days, the Senate has taken up 54 record rollcall votes, Republicans passed their budget, and we have considered 16 nominees. But we haven’t considered over the past 38 days the 9 million children who depend on the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program to stay healthy and the 25 million patients who use community health centers. We might be 38 days late, but there is no time like today to make children and families a top priority. These pro-grams are a big deal in my State. Be-fore CHIP, too many hard-working families in Michigan couldn’t afford to take their children to the doctor. Now, 97 percent of our children in Michigan can go to the doctor. Moms and dads can take their children to the doctor because of what has been put together around health insurance, making health insurance available in Michi-gan—the highest percentage ever—97 percent. Last year, Michigan’s community health centers treated more than 680,000 patients, including 12,710 vet-erans. Having access to health insurance and healthcare we know is life-chang-ing and even lifesaving. Just ask Jan of Davison, MI, whose daughter Suzi was covered by MIChild—what we call CHIP, actually MIChild—in Michigan. Suzi was diag-nosed with ADHD as a child and later with bipolar disorder. In Jan’s words: 
Without having access to quality health care, we would have been lost. And thanks to MIChild coverage, we are able to afford the help she so desperately needed. 
Today, Suzi is a high school graduate and plans to go to community college. Albert, a resident of Owosso, MI, knows the value of community health centers. He had graduated from high school and was taking college classes. He had a great full-time job with health benefits. He said that it was like a dream come true—until it stopped. Work dried up. In a matter of months, Albert lost his job, his insurance, and his home. He fell into a deep depression—and many of us would have done the same. But Albert was lucky. A friend noticed that he was struggling and urged him to visit Great Lakes Bay Health Cen-ters. Within 2 weeks, he had a medical appointment; 3 days after that, he was speaking with a community health center counselor. As Albert said, ‘‘It happened so fast, there was no time for me to fall through the cracks.’’ Today he is running a local business and has his confidence back. He has lost 50 pounds and stopped drinking. He has rebuilt his relationships with his family. And he is now giving back to the very clinic that changed his life, serving on the board of Great Lakes Bay Health Centers. All of the children and the people who receive coverage and care from CHIP and community health centers can tell their stories. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, if I might just take 30 seconds to complete my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. Thank you very much. Let me just say in conclusion that we can fix this. We don’t have to put up one more day on the count chart. Today we can make children and fami-lies a priority by passing critical healthcare that has the bipartisan sup-port to get it done, if we have the ur-gency to do so. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Engel nomina-tion? Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. PAUL). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 264 Ex.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.038 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7054 November 7, 2017 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCain McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Menendez Paul 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, all time is yielded back. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Rela-tions Board for a term of four years. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, John Barrasso, Johnny Isakson, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Lindsey Gra-ham, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, John Thune, John Boozman, Cory Gardner, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board for a term of four years, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 51, nays 47, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 265 Ex.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Menendez Paul 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 51, the nays are 47. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board for a term of four years. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, our EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt, has a little problem. You see, the Su-preme Court has ruled that greenhouse gases are pollutants under the Clean Air Act. Therefore, under the Clean Air Act, the Environmental Protection Agency, which Pruitt leads, is legally obligated to regulate greenhouse gases. They must do this as a matter of law. Moreover, the EPA has determined that greenhouse gas emissions endan-ger the public health and welfare of current and future generations, and Scott Pruitt has said he will not con-test that endangerment finding. He is stuck with it. Why? Because he knows it is a contest he would lose by a land-slide. The climate denial nonsense he espouses has never passed peer review, it is not real science, and it would get buried in any forum where facts and truth matter. That is also likely why the White House released the Climate Science Special Report, part of the National Climate Assessment we mandated by law without significant alteration. Sci-entists had prudently disclosed what they sent to the White House so every-one could compare what went into the White House with what came back out of the White House. That put the White House in a box, and caught in that box, the White House went ahead and re-leased the report without alteration. The Climate Science Special Report affirms that climate change is driven almost entirely by human action. It warns of a worst-case scenario, where seas could rise as high as 8 feet by the year 2100, which is the scenario our home State planners are looking at for Rhode Island and which I know has oc-casioned dire forecasts for the Pre-siding Officer’s home State of Florida. The report details a wide array of cli-mate-related damage already unfolding across the United States. Here is what the report says: ‘‘It is extremely likely that human influence has been the dominant cause of the observed warm-ing since the mid-20th century.’’ The document reports: ‘‘For the warming over the last century, there is no con-vincing alternative explanation sup-ported by the extent of the observa-tional evidence.’’ No convincing alternative expla-nation. Well, we actually knew that be-cause climate denial has all along been bogus, phony propaganda created by the fossil fuel industry and pushed out through its array of phony front groups. Nobody but the ignorant would seriously believe their nonsense, least of all in Congress, except for the fact that the propaganda is backed up by fe-rocious political artillery and an im-placable fossil fuel industry position to deny, deny, deny as the ship goes down. This will be a disgrace whose odor will last a long time as history looks back and recounts a Congress so sub-servient to the fossil fuel industry that it would ignore unanimous real science and go instead with the flagrant, self- serving falsehoods of the industry with the world’s biggest conflict of inter-est—an obvious plain conflict of inter-est. It is a sickening display of what our Founding Fathers would plainly describe as corruption, and we are sup-posed to act as if things are normal around here. Things are not normal around here—not since Citizens United, for sure. Things are also not normal at EPA. That Agency of the U.S. Government has been corrupted. There is no straighter way to say it. The EPA now answers not to the public interest but to the special interest of the fossil fuel industry through its new Adminis-trator, Scott Pruitt, whose entire his-tory is one long exercise in subser-vience to the fossil fuel industry. If he is not bad enough, check out the creepy coterie of fossil fuel lackeys he is surrounding himself with. It is an-other disgrace, but given the fossil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.026 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7055 November 7, 2017 
fuel’s control over Congress, the legis-lative branch is compliant and complicit in the industry takeover, and this body has yet to utter a peep of dis-sent as our national EPA sinks into ba-nana republic status. Last week, I talked about the phony tricks Pruitt is using to undo the Clean Power Plan. The Clean Power Plan is an annoyance to certain folks in the fossil fuel industry that has long un-derwritten Pruitt’s political ambitions. So for their sake, something had to be done. Well, given the Climate Science Special Report that the White House just released, they couldn’t really mess with the science—at least not without it blowing up in their faces—so they re-verted to some tricks. One trick was to recount the cost- benefit calculations of climate change and count only domestic effects of an international danger. Now, the Climate Science Special Report the White House just released says: ‘‘The climate of the United States is strongly con-nected to the changing global cli-mate.’’ Nevertheless, Pruitt made the deci-sion to count only the domestic effects of domestic emissions. That trick neat-ly wipes a major fraction of the harm the fossil fuel industry is causing right off the books. It doesn’t affect the ac-tual harm, just the accounting of the harm. In my example, it wiped two- thirds of the harm off the books in a neat feat of accounting trickery. Of course, that still leaves one-third of the harm to account for so they took another whack at that, and their trick there was to juice the discount rate. In years to come, prompt action now on climate change would prevent things like sea level rise washing over our coastal infrastructure, unprecedented wildfire seasons burning our forests, and disruptions in agricultural yields from drought and flood extremes. The Clean Power Plan would achieve be-tween $14 billion and $34 billion in fu-ture health benefits, also, like pre-vented illnesses and deaths, but all those things happen in the future, which brings in this matter of the dis-count rate. The discount rate discounts the present value of things that happen in the future based on a percentage. Here is a simple example. If you assume a discount rate of 5 percent, that means anything 1 year from now is worth 5 percent less than it would be right now. So $10,000 of something in 10 years would be worth $6,000 today. If you as-sume a discount rate of 10 percent, that means $10,000 of something in 10 years is only worth $4,000 today. You can jig-gle the discount rate to lower the present value. The higher the discount rate, the lower the present value of fu-ture harms. A report this year from the National Academies of Science confirms this: ‘‘The rate at which future benefits and costs are discounted can significantly alter the estimated present value of the net benefits of that rule.’’ Now, the George W. Bush administra-tion recognized that ‘‘[s]pecial ethical considerations arise when comparing benefits and costs across generations.’’ The Bush administration guidance urged lower discount rates when a rule is expected to harm future generations. I will quote them again. ‘‘If your rule will have important intergenerational benefits or costs, you might consider a further sensitivity analysis using a lower but positive discount rate,’’ wrote the Office of Personnel Manage-ment at the time. That describes exactly what we face with climate change. Our carbon pollu-tion today will hurt generations far off in the future as, for instance, tempera-tures and sea levels inexorably rise decade after decade and properties and land are lost to the sea. In 2015, the Federal Government set-tled on a 3-percent discount rate to es-timate the out-year costs of carbon pollution to society. That was the rec-ommendation of leading economists, the top researchers from top univer-sities putting forward credible analysis from the scientific community. In our new, industry-friendly Pruitt analysis, they jacked that rate from 3 percent up to 7 percent. They more than double it. There is little actual analysis. They just picked a higher rate and what a payoff for Pruitt’s fos-sil fuel friends. At 7 percent, future harms, injuries, and losses count for far less. Indeed, with this trick, Pruitt wiped away nearly $18 billion in pre-dicted harm from carbon pollution. Re-member, again, nothing changes in the real world. The harm to future genera-tions is unchanged. That is a given in either scenario, but like that domestic- harm-only trick, this is an accounting trick to help the fossil fuel industry dodge accountability for its pollution. It doesn’t change the situation on the field; it just changes the score on the scoreboard. Contrast the Pruitt fossil fuel-friend-ly nonsense with real, peer-reviewed science. In real, peer-reviewed science, we can now calculate not only the harm of carbon pollution but how much individual fossil fuel companies have contributed to that harm. A peer- reviewed study in the scientific journal Climatic Change tells us that a few major fossil fuel producers are respon-sible for as much as half of the re-corded global surface temperature in-crease, and the study demonstrates a method for attributing their corporate share of the harm to Chevron, ExxonMobil, ConocoPhillips, Peabody Energy, Arch Coal, Devon Energy, among about 50, investor-owned carbon producers. You can take the emissions data from that climatic change study and factor in well-established social cost of carbon estimates and approxi-mate individual corporations’ responsi-bility for climate damages. Those com-panies ought to be taking a hard look at what they are reporting to their shareholders about this because they are under strong legal obligations to report out-year risks to their share-holders. The National Climate Assessment Climate Science Special Report that we first talked about was developed by dozens of leading scientists, from 13 different Federal agencies, detailing the extent of climate change driven by manmade greenhouse gas emissions and the urgent need to address it. That report is as solid as it gets. The report is stark. Temperatures are climbing. Seas are rising. Ocean waters are be-coming more acidic. Fires are more fre-quent and more severe, and fire seasons are longer. Storms are stronger and more frequent, as we have seen particu-larly menacing coastal America. Downwind States like Rhode Island cope with air that carries more partic-ulate matter, nitrogen oxide, and other lung-constricting pollution. Fishermen haul in foreign catches full of fish their fathers and grand-fathers would hardly recognize. Woods-men harvest in distressed and changing forests. Farmers till land subject to ex-tremes of both more frequent drought and more severe flood. The inescapable science is compiled by the top experts from throughout the Federal Government and is concurred in, I believe, by every single State uni-versity in this country, which not only understand climate change, but they teach climate change. There is every single National Lab in this country— the Labs we fund and trust—the armed services, and our national intelligence assessments. It is virtually impossible to find anyone not on the payroll of the fossil fuel industry who disputes this. It shows that climate change touches every corner of the country already, not later. Up against that study, up against that unanimity of legitimate science, Pruitt puts a bunch of accounting tricks cooked up for him, I believe, by a conflicted and corrupting industry. We cannot let fossil fuel hacks like Pruitt and his merry crew prevent America from responding to the reality around us. This week it has been reported that Nicaragua and Syria have joined the Paris climate agreement. They were the two outliers. That was the com-pany the United States was in with President Trump’s decision to remove us from the Paris climate agreement— Nicaragua, Syria, and the United States of America. That is some com-pany. Now, even Nicaragua and, just today, Syria have joined. At some point our national reputation is put at hazard. Our national reputation is put on the line when we can’t do what is obviously right because we can’t tell one greedy industry: You have had enough—no more. It is time we treated this issue hon-estly. When we can’t do that, don’t tell me history will forget. It seriously is time to wake up. This is corruption in plain view. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.045 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7056 November 7, 2017 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: Executive Calendar No. 362. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of David J. Redl, of New York, to be As-sistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Redl nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 262, on the nomination of John H. Gib-son, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Man-agement Officer of the Department of Defense. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 263, on the motion to invoke cloture on Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 264, on the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 265, on the motion to invoke cloture on Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be general counsel of the National Labor Relations Board. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. ∑ CONFIRMATION OF KYLE FORTSON Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, last week the Senate confirmed Kyle Fortson to be a member of the Na-tional Mediation Board. The National Mediation Board, estab-lished by the 1934 amendments to the Railway Labor Act of 1926, is an inde-pendent U.S. Federal Government agency that facilitates labor-manage-ment relations within the Nation’s railroad and airline industries. Pursuant to the Railway Labor Act, National Mediation Board programs help to resolve disputes to promote the flow of interstate commerce in those industries through mediation, rep-resentation, and arbitration of labor- management disputes. A dedicated public servant, Kyle Fortson is eminently qualified to serve on the National Mediation Board. I am fortunate to say that Mrs. Fortson cur-rently serves on my staff as labor pol-icy director at the U.S. Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions— HELP—Committee, after serving in that position from 2010 to 2013 for Sen-ator MIKEENZI. I have benefitted from Mrs. Fortson’s experience, knowledge, and counsel. Mrs. Fortson previously served as labor counsel at the same committee from 2004 to 2010. Before that, she was a policy analyst at the Senate Repub-lican Policy Committee from 2003 to 2004 and served as counsel to Senator Tim Hutchinson from 2001 to 2003. She also served as judiciary counsel to Con-gressman Spencer Bachus from 1999 to 2001. Mrs. Fortson graduated with a B.A. in history from the University of Colo-rado in 1996 and with a J.D. from George Washington University in 1999. Mrs. Fortson was nominated on June 26, 2017. On July 3, 2017, the committee received Mrs. Fortson’s Office of Gov-ernment Ethics paperwork, including her public financial disclosure and eth-ics agreement. Based on these docu-ments, the Office of Government Ethics wrote to me that Kyle Fortson ‘‘is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing conflicts of in-terest.’’ The committee received Mrs. Fortson’s HELP Committee applica-tion on July 27, 2017. Mrs. Fortson was favorably reported out of the HELP Committee on October 18, 2017. While the National Mediation Board will be very fortunate to have Mrs. Fortson as a member, her departure will be a loss to the U.S. Senate and the HELP Committee. I am proud to support Kyle’s nomination, and she will serve on the National Mediation Board with distinction. 
f 
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to shine a spotlight on the in-creasingly dire political, security, and humanitarian crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Senator B
OOKER  and I, along with Senators DURBIN , C
OONS , WARREN , MARKEY , and B ROWN , recently sent a letter to President Trump urging the administration to take immediate action to ensure that the United States is prepared to do our part to help stave off further violence and human suffering. The Democratic Republic of the Congo, or the DRC as it is known, is a country of vast natural resource wealth. It is the largest country in sub- Saharan Africa by land mass, with ample arable land, a variety of pre-cious minerals, and the world’s second- largest river, the Congo, which pos-sesses substantial hydroelectric poten-tial; yet, despite an abundance of nat-ural resources—indeed, because of it— the people of the DRC have endured centuries of exploitation and atroc-ities. In the postcolonial era, the coun-try has struggled with decades of con-flict, endemic corruption, and extreme poverty. The DRC ranks 176th out of 188 countries on the Human Develop-ment Index. Life expectancy is 59 years. An estimated 77 percent of the people live on less than $2 a day. More than 12 percent of children do not live to see their fifth birthday. Mothers die in childbirth in more than 7 out of every 1,000 live births. The statistics are truly alarming. The 1997 to 2003 civil war involved at least seven countries in the region and, by some estimates, caused 5.4 million deaths from war and war-related causes. The conflict was characterized by massive human rights violations and introduced the world to the brutal consequences of the mining of conflict minerals. Eastern Congo has been re-ferred to as the rape capital of the world, and sexual violence continues to be used as a weapon to traumatize and terrorize the population. Despite the establishment of truth and reconciliation committees by the Sun City Accords in 2002, the installa-tion of a unity government in 2003, and the deployment of the largest United Nations peacekeeping force in the world, the country remains unstable. The peacekeeping mission in DRC plays a critical role in protecting civil-ians in conflict areas and promoting stability; yet its capabilities are lim-ited, and it is not a substitute for a po-litical agreement respected and ad-hered to by all relevant stakeholders. Let me be clear: I fully support MONUSCO peacekeepers who seek to uphold their mandate. Though the mis-sion has come under criticism over the years for not doing enough to protect civilians and for controversies regard-ing its own abuses, we must ask our-selves what would have happened—and what might still happen—if the UN were not present—or if the United States forces such significant troop re-ductions that the mission is rendered ineffective, which I fear we may be per-ilously close to doing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.047 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7057 November 7, 2017 
Despite the deployment of peace-keepers and despite the Sun City Ac-cords, conflict, instability, and med-dling by other countries in DRC per-sisted. It took another 10 years and the efforts of the UN and the African Union to put the Congo on a path towards true stability in 2013 through what be-came known as the Framework of Hope, in which other governments pledged noninterference; yet, instead of building on this landmark agreement over the past 4 years to achieve rec-onciliation, stabilization, and develop-ment, the country has become sub-sumed in new conflicts and instability due to political leaders’ self-interested and shortsighted calculations. DRC’s long and as yet incomplete road to peace is a classic example of how pernicious longstanding conflicts require persistent, high-level diplo-matic engagement to untangle and ad-dress root causes. International diplo-macy often isn’t swift or easy, and sometimes the parties take two steps forward and one step back. It is often frustrating. It is often exhausting, but it is always essential. The work of former Special Envoy for the Great Lakes Russ Feingold, who was con-stantly in the region engaging with heads of state, was instrumental in holding neighboring countries to their commitments under the Framework of Hope, which reduced violence and inse-curity. The work of Senator Feingold’s successor, Tom Perriello, was instru-mental in helping obtain a political agreement in the DRC in 2016 that held the promise of achieving democratic elections and an end to sweeping gov-ernment abuses against unarmed civil-ian protesters. The current spread of violence within the DRC serves as a painful reminder of how critical it is that we continue to work not only to maintain the gains we have made on the international front, but also the fragile respect for democracy and good governance inside DRC. According to the constitution adopted in 2005, elections should have taken place in November of last year, and President Joseph Kabila, having served two terms, should have stepped down. Instead, President Kabila first tried to change the constitution and then, when that effort failed, he threw up obstacles—slow-rolling voter reg-istration, underfunding the electoral commission, and insisting on a unilat-eral and hurried process for the cre-ation of new provinces—all of which precipitated a political crisis late last year when it became clear that the polls would not be open. While the op-position engaged in good-faith negotia-tions with the government to come to agreement on a new election timeline, Kabila has once again refused to abide by the terms. In fact, elections planned for the end of this year per that De-cember 31 agreement—duly signed by the ruling party and the opposition— will not take place until December 2018. President Kabila’s decision to re-main in power beyond his mandate and to walk away from last year’s political deal has caused instability and up-heaval that, if not directly responsible, appears to be feeding growing violence and unrest in various parts of the coun-try, this time including in areas of the country that had been largely been sta-ble. Government forces and progovernment militia are accused of gross human rights violations in the Kasai region. Two UN investigators, in-cluding an American, were killed in the region in March as they attempted to look into allegations of human rights abuses by security forces, and multiple researchers have uncovered evidence of potential involvement by state actors in their murder. The UN has not ruled out involvement by gov-ernment forces, but more investigation is needed. At least 80 mass graves have been discovered. Over 5,000 people have been killed since 2016, according to some reports. The lives of hundreds of thousands of children and their fami-lies in Greater Kasai have been turned upside down by this brutal violence, with nearly a million and a half people internally displaced in the Kasai alone, including 850,000 children. Just last week, the head of the World Food Pro-gram warned that, if WFP did not re-ceive funding and access to the area, hundreds of thousands of children would die over the next couple of months. All told, nearly 4 million Con-golese are internally displaced—over a million newly displaced in Kasai alone just over the last 12 months—giving DRC the dubious distinction of having the most internally displaced people in Africa. We have a moral obligation to pursue peace. We cannot stand by and allow conflict in DRC or anywhere else spiral so far out of control that an untold number of women are victims of sexual violence, and millions die from con-flict, starvation, and preventable dis-ease. We have a moral obligation to try to halt mass atrocities wherever they occur. The scale of violence per-petrated against civilians in Congo has been staggering. We should care because the world is supporting a massive peacekeeping op-eration in the country to the tune of $1.14 billion a year, of which the U.S. will pay an estimated $325 million this year. We need the MONUSCO mission to be efficient, we need it to be effec-tive, and we need to create conditions for it to end, but the only way for the mission to draw down in a responsible fashion is as peace and stability are progressively achieved. Therefore, the United States, a leader in the inter-national community, must do more to help facilitate a political process that will lead to a durable peace. The problems in the Congo are not insurmountable, and our voice and dip-lomatic influence could help bring about a solution if the Trump adminis-tration is willing to make an effort to do so. There are several easy steps it could take immediately. No. 1, the administration could fill critical vacancies. The President should immediately nominate an ac-credited Ambassador to Kinshasa. Our last Ambassador, a highly capable ca-reer foreign service officer, left his post in December. The President should nominate an Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs for Senate confirmation. The position has re-mained vacant for 9 months, with Am-bassador Donald Yamamoto serving in the role in an acting capacity. Second, on the heels of UN Ambas-sador Nikki Haley’s visit to DRC last month—one of the first visits to the continent by a senior member of the Trump administration—I urge the dele-gation to capitalize on the momentum from that trip to push for the fol-lowing: No. 1, implementation of the December 31 agreement; No. 2, broader cooperation with and support for the investigation into human rights abuses in Kasai; No. 3, ensuring there is a credible international investigation into the murder of the two UN inves-tigators; and No. 4, sharing the assess-ment of the humanitarian emergency in the Kasais. I understand that Gen. Thomas Waldhauser, head of U.S. Africa Com-mand, accompanied Ambassador Haley. I hope that he will share his assess-ment and any recommendations he has related to MONUSCO’s deployment. I urge Ambassador Haley to ask that the Security Council convene an emer-gency meeting to discuss the findings of her trip. Finally, the administration should reexamine the decision in March of this year to lower MONUSCO’s troop ceiling, given condi-tions in the country and the observa-tions of the returning delegation. We must use all the tools at our dis-posal, such as the Atrocities Preven-tion Board, to devise concrete actions our diplomats can take to stave off fur-ther violence. The White House should consider tightening sanctions on the regime. So far, we have sanctioned six sitting or former senior government and security officials, as well as a pri-vate company owned by one of them, under Executive Order 13671 issued in 2014. Sanctions have proven effective at getting Kinshasa’s attention and should be applied in an ever-tightening manner aimed at the highest levels of government until we see demonstrable progress towards implementing the De-cember 31 agreement. The Global Magnitsky Act is another tool that the administration could use to further pressure the regime. The last conflict in DRC caused a re-gional conflagration that I consider among the worst in the continent’s re-cent history in terms of the toll on human lives. It should never be re-peated. The administration can and should take the steps I have just out-lined immediately. While simple and straightforward, they could prevent further bloodshed. A repetition of the war is not inevitable, and I hope the President will take action to forestall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.029 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7058 November 7, 2017 
an increasingly dire humanitarian and political crisis in the region. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
85TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HOLODOMOR ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today we solemnly mark the 85th anni-versary of the Holodomor—the Ukrain-ian famine genocide—that claimed the lives of millions in the 1930s. As part of its vicious crusade promoting a failed ideology, the Soviet Union perpetrated a forced starvation campaign against ethnic Ukrainians, hoping to erase their place in history and their cries for freedom and independence. We must never forget these crimes against hu-manity. Ukraine today faces a different kind of threat from its neighbor Rus-sia’s ongoing occupation of its land and aggression towards its people. We must recall the lessons from history and re-main united in solidarity with our democratic friends and allies and all those who pursue freedom and justice. I am proud to represent a strong, en-gaged, and vibrant Ukrainian commu-nity in New Jersey, and I commend your efforts to continue to bring to light injustices of the past and efforts to promote a brighter future. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL ROGER PETERMAN Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary service of retired U.S. Army COL Roger Peterman, a Greenwood, IN, resident and dedicated veteran and public servant who served his country with honor. In 1967, Roger Peterman enlisted in the Army National Guard. He served in the field artillery in both enlisted and officer positions. He eventually moved through the ranks and rose to com-mand two artillery batteries, an artil-lery battalion, the 38th Division Artil-lery, and held numerous staff assign-ments before retiring in March 2000. Colonel Peterman’s Army service was one of distinction, as evidenced by his numerous awards and decorations, in-cluding the Legion of Merit; Meri-torious Service Medal with two oakleaf clusters; Army Commendation; Army Achievement Medal; and the Army Re-serve Component Achievement Medal with a silver oakleaf cluster and two bronze oakleaf clusters. In 2012, he was presented the Office of the Secretary of Defense Medal, and in 2014, the Na-tional Guard Association of the United States awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal. In addition, Colonel Peterman was recognized with the An-cient Order of Saint Barbara Medal by the U.S. Field Artillery Association. Colonel Peterman has distinguished himself beyond his military service. The transition from the military to ci-vilian life can be a difficult one for our veterans. We are grateful for Roger’s post-military service mission to help veterans and military families through that transition with his work as a tran-sition assistance adviser with the Indi-ana National Guard. Roger is also chairman of the Board for Operation: Job Ready Veterans, which aims to prepare our veterans for success in ci-vilian employment; the Indianapolis Veterans Court Advisory Board; the In-diana National Guard Relief Fund; the American Legion; and AMVETS. Roger also serves on the board of directors for the Indiana chapter of the Association of the United States Army and is on the executive board of Indiana Blue Star. As Roger enters his ‘‘second’’ re-tirement, we thank him for his dedica-tion and service to helping Indiana’s veterans. Colonel Peterman’s life has set an ex-ample not just for his two children and six grandchildren but for all Hoosiers. His commitment to defending our country and supporting our veterans is commendable. His integrity and tire-less efforts have helped to make Indi-ana and this country a better place to live, work, and raise a family. We thank Roger’s wife Carolyn, children, and grandchildren for sharing him with our country. We wish Roger well in re-tirement. f 
RECOGNIZING EDEN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Eden Ele-mentary School of Greenfield, IN, for being named a 2017 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognizes schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has allowed schools in every State to gain recognition for educational accomplishments, particu-larly in closing the achievement gaps among students. Eden Elementary School has contin-ually distinguished itself as a top-per-forming school in Indiana. For the last 4 years, Eden Elementary has been named a Four Star School and named an A-rated school by the Indiana De-partment of Education for 6 consecu-tive years. Eden Elementary attributes much of its success to its effective implementa-tion of the professional learning com-munity model. Teachers are encour-aged to focus on higher order thinking, integrating technology, and collabora-tion with math and reading instruc-tional coaches. This model also allows teachers to work on targeted areas to improve an individual student’s per-formance, which is contributing to the academic success of students. In addi-tion, this interactive model enables teachers to share resources and ask questions to ensure the curriculum is being met across grade levels. Beyond strong academics, Eden Ele-mentary also prides itself on its char-acter education program. This starts with Eden’s Eagle Expectations—three rules: students should be respectful, re-sponsible, and ready to learn. The school also promotes healthy habits by instilling in students the importance of considering the needs of others, listen-ing first, and working together. I am proud to recognize previous Eden Elementary School principal Devon Marine and current principal Melia Hammons, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort and dedication you put into the education of these young people have led not only to this prestigious rec-ognition but will benefit you and the Greenfield community well into the fu-ture. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Eden Elementary, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE OAK RIDGE LEADERSHIP COMPUTING FACILITY ∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today we celebrate the 25th anniver-sary of high-performance computing at Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Lead-ership Computing Facility. For a quarter century, Oak Ridge has led the way globally, pushing the boundaries of computational perform-ance and continually giving scientists more powerful platforms for simula-tion and discovery at every scale—from the smallest building blocks of atoms to the vastness of galaxies—in biology, chemistry, physics, materials science, cosmology, industrial modeling, nu-clear power, and more. Using Oak Ridge’s computing facil-ity, scientists have expanded the scale and scope of their research, solved complex problems in less time, and filled critical gaps in scientific knowl-edge. The Oak Ridge Leadership Com-puting Facility has led the rapid evo-lution of scientific computing that has produced a millionfold increase in com-puting power and has been home to both the first teraflop—1 trillion cal-culations per second—and the first petaflop—1 quadrillion calculations per second—systems for scientific com-puting. Oak Ridge has twice placed two supercomputing systems at the top of the international TOP500 list, where supercomputers are ranked by their number-crunching performance. Today computer simulation is an es-sential part of modern science, but in 1992, when Oak Ridge established its Center for Computational Sciences, which was later renamed the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility, not many people thought that the next great center for high-performance com-puting would be located in east Ten-nessee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.029 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7059 November 7, 2017 
As I have said many times, this re-gion has one of the most formidable concentrations of brainpower anywhere in our country. The Department of Energy unleashed that brainpower when, later that year, it selected Oak Ridge, along with its partners, three national labs and seven universities, to lead one of the Office of Energy Research’s—now the Office of Science—new high-performance com-puting research centers to serve sci-entists from national laboratories, uni-versities, and private industry. Meanwhile, in 2002, Japan introduced its Earth Simulator, which was at the time five times more powerful than any other high-performance computer in the world. I traveled with former Senator Jeff Bingaman to Japan, and we were briefed on the significance of Japan’s investment in the Earth Simulator. Japan’s development of the Earth Simulator meant that the United States no longer was the clear leader in high-performance computing, and for the first time, American researchers were looking abroad to obtain access to the latest computing tools. Senator Bingaman and I made it a priority to recapture the lead in high- speed computing by introducing and passing the High-End Computing Revi-talization Act of 2004. This legislation paved the way for Oak Ridge to regain the lead in super-computing. Within a few years, the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Fa-cility deployed a supercomputer called Jaguar that would break the petaflop barrier—a quadrillion calculations per second—in 2008 and take back the top spot on the TOP500 list in 2009. For the past 25 years, the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility has not only been home to some of the world’s most powerful computers, but it has also been a global leader in the devel-opment of software applications and tools for scientific research. That is important because it is not just about having the fastest computer, it is also about having the experts who know how to program and use them. Each year, the facility provides com-puter systems 10 to 100 times more powerful than most other computers available for research for the lab’s own scientists, as well as international teams of scientists trying to make breakthroughs on the toughest science challenges. Those scientists publish new science discoveries in nearly 500 research pa-pers per year. Beyond basic science, dozens of com-panies, from small businesses to For-tune 500 giants, have used Oak Ridge supercomputers to accelerate their own research and development and gain a competitive advantage in the global market. For example, these high-performance computers have allowed companies to develop an add-on for long-haul trucks to optimize airflow, which improves fuel mileage by up to 10 percent. Other companies were able to use simulations to extend the shelf life of consumer products and to analyze com-bustion in gas turbines to improve per-formance and lower emissions. Not only does supercomputing help scientific discoveries and companies, supercomputers at our national labora-tories can be used by Federal agencies as a ‘‘secret weapon’’ in the effort to combat issues like Medicare and Med-icaid waste, fraud, and abuse; to find terrorists and criminals; and to help the National Institutes of Health find cures and treatments for disease. Other countries have taken notice of the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility’s success, tried to duplicate it, and now threaten our lead in scientific computing. The United States faces a choice be-tween falling behind competitors like China or advancing technologies that can make us safer and more competi-tive. In the June 2017 ranking of the world’s most powerful supercomputers, China maintained the top two places, Switzerland was third, and Titan at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, which is the fastest supercomputer in the United States, moved down to fourth. In 2018, the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility will complete Summit, which will be more than five times faster than Titan and will help researchers better understand mate-rials and nuclear power and support more energy breakthroughs. The fiscal year 2018 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill, which I wrote with Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , prioritizes supercomputing and recommends $150 million for the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility, as well as $381 million to support the delivery of the first exascale machine. I am very proud of the men and women from all over the world who have come to east Tennessee and Oak Ridge National Laboratory to make the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility a world-leading center for computational scientific research. I thank them for 25 years of hard work and dedication, and I look for-ward to their continued success an-swering some of the hardest scientific questions.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERTS, MONTANA ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, with Veterans Day approaching this week-end, I would like to recognize and ex-press my gratitude for the patriotism, selfless service, and community spirit of a small community in southern Montana. The town of Roberts, in Car-bon County, is honoring military vet-erans by lining Highway 212 with crosses and dogtags to represent servicemembers who have lived in Rob-erts. The crosses signify veterans who have passed away, while the dogtags symbolize living veterans. The breadth of service in this scenic town north of Yellowstone Park is evi-dent in the 133 dogtags on display this year. The depth of service to our great county is rooted in the 308 crosses, some of which date back to service in the Civil War. A total of 441 individ-uals, with service spanning over a cen-tury and a half, is an impressive dis-play of patriotism for any small com-munity. The record of service among the people of Roberts is even more awe- inspiring when you consider that, dur-ing the last census, the town had just 361 residents. As we gather to celebrate Veterans Day, let us be encouraged by the exam-ple of the folks in Roberts and take time to remember the accumulated sacrifices and ongoing commitment that allow so many to live in freedom. To the people of Roberts, thank you for punching above your weight class for our Nation.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO RONNIE LUPE ∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I would like to pay tribute to Ronnie Lupe, a foreign war veteran and current chair-man of the White Mountain Apache Tribe in Arizona. Chairman Lupe will be retiring next year following 50 years of distinguished public service to his Tribe. Ronnie also honorably served his Na-tion overseas in Korea. As a young man, he journeyed far from his home-town of Cibecue to enlist in the U.S. Marine Corps. He soon found himself across the Pacific and entrenched in combat. Thankfully, Ronnie returned home safely to his family and friends. Ronnie first joined the Tribal council in 1996. Since then, he has served as chairman of the council for a remark-able nine terms. I have enjoyed work-ing closely with Chairman Lupe over the years. Ronnie is a tireless advocate for the principles of Tribal self-govern-ance and Indian self-determination. He led efforts to resolve the Tribe’s water rights claims and developed a reserva-tion-wide system for clean drinking water. Ronnie was also a pioneer in Federal Indian policy concerning wildlife con-servation, expanding Tribal control over reservation land, its forest, and natural resources. He oversaw the Tribe’s response and recovery in the Rodeo-Chediski Fire in 2002 and the Wallow Fire in 2011—the two worst wildfires in Arizona history. As chair-man, he labored to build and nurture Tribal enterprises like Hon Dah Casino and Sunrise Park Resort, which today are hubs of tourism and recreation in the White Mountains of Arizona. Chairman Ronnie Lupe is a cele-brated Tribal leader who brought about transformative and lasting changes to the people of the White Mountain Apache Tribe. I am proud to call him my friend. I thank him for his service. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.032 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7060 November 7, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO JOANI SLAWSON AND JAMES YAQUES ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I often praise the talents and goodwill of Flo-ridians across my home State, and today is no different. Ms. Joani Slawson, a music teacher at Saturn El-ementary in Brevard County, and Mr. James Yaques, of Palm Beach Central High School, have been nominated for a Grammy award. Their passion for teaching coupled with their musical talent is rightly being recognized as they are both semifinalists for music educator of the year. As the Grammy process continues, I, along with my fellow Floridians, will be rooting for Ms. Slawson and Mr. Yaques. I wish them, their respective schools, and their students all the best.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:35 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1066. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report re-garding the organizational structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3122. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the Internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a warning regarding dishonest, preda-tory, or otherwise unlawful practices tar-geting individuals who are eligible for in-creased pension on the basis of need for reg-ular aid and attendance, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3562. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. H.R. 3656. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligi-bility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are un-available. H.R. 3657. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1066. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report re-garding the organizational structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3122. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a warning regarding dishonest, preda-tory, or otherwise unlawful practices tar-geting individuals who are eligible for in-creased pension on the basis of need for reg-ular aid and attendance, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 3562. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3656. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligi-bility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are un-available; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 3657. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3383. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Black Stem Rust; Additions of Rust-Resistant Spe-cies and Varieties’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2017– 0049) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3384. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Benzovindiflupyr; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9967–33–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3385. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Formaldehyde, polymer with 1,3- benzenediol, 2-methyloxirane and oxirane, ethers with polyethylene glycol mono-Me ether; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9969–99–OCSPP) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–3386. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Formaldehyde, polymer with 1,3- benzenediol, ethers with polyethylene glycol mono-Me ether; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9970–00– OCSPP) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 2, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3387. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Rules for Open Burning and Incinerators; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9970–41–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3388. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Continuous Monitoring Requirements for Municipal Waste Combustors’’ (FRL No. 9970–28–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3389. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treatment Under Section 956(c) of Certain Receivables Fol-lowing Hurricane Irma or Hurricane Maria’’ (Notice 2017–68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3390. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Relief for Victims of Hurricane Maria and California Wildfires’’ (Announcement 2017–15) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 2, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3391. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Calendar Year 2018 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update and Calendar Year 2019 Case- Mix Adjustment Methodology Refinements; Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model; and Home Health Quality Reporting Require-ments’’ ((RIN0938–AT01) (CMS–1672–F)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 3, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3392. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment and Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Systems and Quality Reporting Programs’’ ((RIN0938–AT03) (CMS–1678–FC)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 3, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3393. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Revisions to Payment Policies Under the Physician Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Part B for Calendar Year 2018; Medicare Shared Savings Program Require-ments; and Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program’’ ((RIN0938–AT02) (CMS–1676-F)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 3, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3394. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Calendar Year 2018 Updates to the Quality Payer Program; and Quality Pay-ment Program: Extreme and Uncontrollable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.032 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7061 November 7, 2017 
Circumstance Policy for the Transition Year’’ ((RIN0938–AT13) (CMS–5522-FC and IFC)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 3, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3395. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 3(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, the certification of a pro-posed license for the transfer of major de-fense equipment relative to the transfer of fifteen (15) F–16A/B aircraft, including spare parts and support equipment from the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Jordan to Air-borne Tactical Advantage Company (ATAC) in the amount of $45,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. RSAT–17–5442); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3396. A communication from the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Department of Homeland Security 2017 Privacy Office Annual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3397. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to thirteen audit re-ports issued during fiscal year 2017 regarding the Agency and the Thrift Savings Plan; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3398. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Department’s 2016 list of Government activities determined to be in-herently governmental and those determined to be not inherently governmental in nature and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3399. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–170, ‘‘Standard of Care for Animals Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–3400. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Episodic Alternative Payment Model For Radiation Therapy Services’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3401. A communication from the Fed-eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rule on Attorney-Client Privilege for Trials Before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board’’ (RIN0651–AD10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 6, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–3402. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. EC–3403. A communication from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting pro-posed legislation entitled ‘‘Veteran Coordi-nated Access and Rewarding Experiences (CARE) Act’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: POM–133. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the Common-wealth of Kentucky urging the United States Congress to pass the Miners Protection Act; to the Committee on Finance. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 136 Whereas, in 1946, faced with the prospect of a long strike that could hamper post-war economic recovery, President Harry Truman issued an Executive Order directing the Sec-retary of the Interior to take possession of all bituminous coal mines in the United States and to negotiate with the United Mine Workers of America ‘‘appropriate changes in the terms and conditions of em-ployment’’; and Whereas, after a week of negotiations, the historic Krug-Lewis agreement was an-nounced and signed in the White House with President Truman as a witness; and Whereas, the agreement created a welfare and retirement fund that guaranteed life-time payments to miners and their depend-ents and survivors in cases of sickness, per-manent disability, death or retirement; and Whereas, the agreement also created a sep-arate medical and hospital fund; and Whereas, in 1947, the government returned control of the mines back to their owners and a new collective bargaining agreement was reached with the companies that guar-anteed retirement benefits to miners and their dependents and survivors for life; and Whereas, for the next 70 years, miners bar-gained for money to be dedicated to their health care in retirement, because they knew when they retired they would be sicker than the average senior citizen, with more nagging injuries and a greater risk of black lung or some other cardio-pulmonary dis-ease; and Whereas, the federal government has re-peatedly confirmed its role in guaranteeing retirement benefits for coal miners; and Whereas, in 1992 Congress passed and Presi-dent George H.W. Bush signed into law the Coal Act, which established an industry- funded mechanism for paying for the health care of retirees whose companies had gone out of business; and Whereas, in 2006, Congress and President George W. Bush amended the Coal Act to ex-pand the financial resources available to the fund; and Whereas, a depression reigns in America’s coalfields today, with tens of thousands of jobs eliminated; and Whereas, multiple companies have filed for bankruptcy and received approval from bankruptcy courts to shed their retiree obli-gations, leaving more than 26,000 retirees confronting the loss of their health care ben-efits; and Whereas, like many other multiemployer pension funds, the United Mine Workers of America 1974 Pension Fund lost a significant portion of its value in the recession of 2008 through 2009, and, due to the devastation of the coal industry, will not receive enough contributions from the employers to make up the shortfall, leading the fund to likely become insolvent by 2022; and Whereas, on December 9, 2016, Congress passed a Continuing Resolution to continue funding for federal programs and services until April 28, 2017, including a provision pro-viding $45 million for continued health care benefits for these retirees and their families until April 30, 2017; and Whereas, Senators Joe Manchin and Shel-ley Moore Capito of West Virginia have in-troduced legislation co-sponsored by Repub-licans and Democrats, the Miners Protection Act, that would amend the Coal Act to allow retirees from recently bankrupt companies to get health care coverage from the United Mine Workers of America Health and Retire-ment Funds and would repurpose the balance of an existing appropriation to provide fund-ing to shore up the pension plan; and Whereas, Representative David McKinley of West Virginia has also introduced the Miners Protection Act in the House of Rep-resentatives, and it is also co-sponsored by both Republicans and Democrats; and Whereas, America’s coal miners have sac-rificed much for our nation, with more than 105,000 killed on the job in the last century and more than 100,000 having died from coal workers’ pneumoconiosis, also known as black lung; and Whereas, knowing those risks, miners have continued to go to work every day to provide for their families, build secure futures for themselves, and produce the fuel that has al-lowed America to become the most powerful nation on earth; and Whereas, America has an obligation to our retired coal miners for the sacrifices they have made for our nation: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky: Section 1. The Kentucky House of Rep-resentatives urges the United States Con-gress to pass the Miners Protection Act as soon as possible and provide the full measure of benefits these retirees were promised and have earned. Section 2. The Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives shall send a copy of this Resolu-tion and notification of its adoption to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, the Minority Leader of the United States Senate, and each mem-ber of Kentucky’s delegation to the United States Congress. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 171. A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, to reauthorize the Hydrographic Serv-ices Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–181). By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee on Intelligence: Report to accompany S. 2010, An original bill to extend the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 for 8 years, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–182). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. *Joseph Kernan, of Florida, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. *Guy B. Roberts, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense. *Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Sec-retary of the Army. *Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.010 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7062 November 7, 2017 
By Mr. BURR for the Select Committee on Intelligence. John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Attorney General. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 2083. A bill to enhance cybersecurity in-formation sharing and coordination at ports in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 2084. A bill to include community part-ners and intermediaries in the planning and delivery of education and related programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 2085. A bill to amend the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 to streamline application processes and reduce the administrative burden for the com-modity supplemental food program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. J OHNSON ): S. 2086. A bill to amend the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 to extend and modernize the sugar program, to extend and subsequently repeal the feed-stock flexibility program for bioenergy pro-ducers, to extend and subsequently replace flexible marketing allotments for sugar, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2087. A bill to promote and ensure deliv-ery of high-quality special education and re-lated services to students with visual disabil-ities or who are deaf or hard of hearing or deaf-blind through instructional methodolo-gies meeting their unique learning needs, to enhance accountability for the provision of such services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FISCHER: S. 2088. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of the Gold Star Installation Access Card to the surviving spouse, dependent children, and other next of kin of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving on certain ac-tive or reserve duty, to ensure that a remar-ried surviving spouse with dependent chil-dren of the deceased member remains eligi-ble for installation benefits to which the sur-viving spouse was previously eligible, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Ms. BALDWIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 2089. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 to provide equal treatment of LGBT older individuals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WICKER: S. 2090. A bill to amend the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 to make reforms to flood mapping programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WICKER: S. 2091. A bill to amend the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to provide relief from surcharges to small businesses and nonprofit organizations; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WICKER: S. 2092. A bill to amend the Bunning-Bereu-ter-Blumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 to require insurance agents who sell flood insurance policies under the National Flood Insurance Program to take certain continuing educational courses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WICKER: S. 2093. A bill to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to clarify the authority of the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency with respect to post-storm assessments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. Res. 322. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Diabetes Month; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. J OHNSON , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. Res. 323. A resolution requiring sexual harassment training for Members, officers, employees, interns, and fellows of the Senate and a periodic survey of the Senate; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 256 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 256, a bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot pro-gram to address human trafficking in the health care system. S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that mer-chandise arriving through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and to re-quire the provision of advance elec-tronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive as-sistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to ex-pand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 611 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 611, a bill to amend the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of homeless chil-dren, youth, and families, and honor the assessments and priorities of local communities. 
S. 708 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 708, a bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act in order to improve the proc-ess whereby Medicare administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.014 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7063 November 7, 2017 
contractors issue local coverage deter-minations under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 801 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 801, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide com-pensatory time for employees in the private sector. 
S. 872 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 872, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make per-manent the extension of the Medicare- dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hospital pro-gram. 
S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 925, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of tele-medicine, and for other purposes. 
S. 937 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 937, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a refundable adoption tax cred-it. 
S. 1014 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1014, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eligible organizations to provide serv-ice dogs to veterans with severe post- traumatic stress disorder, and for other purposes. 
S. 1109 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1109, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced edu-cation nursing grants to support clin-ical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1198 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1198, a bill to protect indi-viduals who are eligible for increased pension under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of need of regular aid and attend-ance from dishonest, predatory, or oth-erwise unlawful practices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1218 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. GILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1218, a bill to promote Federal employment for veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1323 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1323, a bill to preserve United States fishing heritage through a national program dedicated to training and as-sisting the next generation of commer-cial fishermen, and for other purposes. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1333, a bill to provide for rent-al assistance for homeless or at-risk In-dian veterans. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1539, a bill to protect victims of stalking from gun violence. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the names of the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1591, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1611 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1611, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain agreements with non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care providers if the Secretary is not fea-sibly able to provide health care in fa-cilities of the Department or through contracts or sharing agreements, and for other purposes. 
S. 1621 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1621, a bill to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to establish a methodology for the collection by the Commission of information about com-mercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1624 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1624, a bill to prohibit the use of chlorpyrifos on food, and for other purposes. 
S. 1690 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1690, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide greater support to students with de-pendents, and for other purposes. S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1719, a bill to eliminate duties on imports of recreational performance outerwear, to establish the Sustainable Textile and Apparel Research Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 1782 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1782, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 1829 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1829, a bill to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Child-hood Home Visiting Program. 
S. 1871 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1871, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1927 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1927, a bill to amend section 455(m) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to allow adjunct faculty members to qualify for public service loan forgiveness. 
S. 1936 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1936, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designa-tion of State approving agencies for multi-State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assist-ance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1988 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.016 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7064 November 7, 2017 
MORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1988, a bill to streamline broadband in-frastructure permitting on established public rights-of-way, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2001 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2001, a bill to establish a State public option through Medicaid to provide Americans with the choice of a high-quality, low-cost health in-surance plan. 
S. 2023 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2023, a bill to require a study regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports, require the standard-ization of Federal Air Marshal Service agreements, require efforts to raise international aviation security stand-ards, and for other purposes. 
S. 2037 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2037, a bill to amend the High-er Education Act of 1965 regarding pro-prietary institutions of higher edu-cation in order to protect students and taxpayers. 
S. 2044 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2044, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect more victims of domestic violence by preventing their abusers from possessing or receiving firearms, and for other purposes. 
S. 2045 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2045, a bill to establish a grant pro-gram to encourage States to adopt cer-tain policies and procedures relating to the transfer and possession of firearms. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. 
S. 2065 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Sen-ator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2065, a bill to establish a demonstration program to provide integrated care for Medicare beneficiaries with end-stage renal dis-ease, and for other purposes. 
S. 2080 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
AR-KEY) were added as cosponsors of S. 2080, a bill to increase the role of the fi-nancial industry in combating human trafficking. 
S. RES. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 139, a resolution condemning the Govern-ment of Iran’s state-sponsored persecu-tion of its Baha’i minority and its con-tinued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 250 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 250, a resolution condemning hor-rific acts of violence against Burma’s Rohingya population and calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to play an active role in ending this humanitarian trag-edy. 
S. RES. 279 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 279, a resolution re-affirming the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 322—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF AMERICAN DIABETES MONTH Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. S
TABENOW , and Mr. W ARNER ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions: 
S. R ES. 322 Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘CDC’’)— (1) 30,300,000 individuals in the United States have diabetes; and (2) an estimated 84,100,000 individuals in the United States who are 20 years of age or older have prediabetes; Whereas diabetes is a serious chronic con-dition that affects individuals of every age, race, ethnicity, and income level; Whereas the CDC reports that— (1) Hispanic Americans, African Ameri-cans, Asian Americans, and Native Ameri-cans are disproportionately affected by dia-betes and suffer from the disease at rates that are much higher than those rates with respect to the general population of the United States; and (2) 23.8 percent of individuals with diabetes in the United States have not been diagnosed with the disease; Whereas, according to the CDC— (1) an individual who is 20 years of age or older is diagnosed with diabetes every 21 sec-onds; (2) the prevalence of diabetes in the United States increased more than threefold be-tween 1990 and 2015; and (3) in the United States in 2015, diabetes was the seventh leading cause of death and contributed to the deaths of more than 252,806 individuals during that year; Whereas approximately 4,110 adults in the United States are diagnosed with diabetes each day; Whereas the CDC estimates that approxi-mately 1,500,000 adults in the United States were newly diagnosed with diabetes in 2015; Whereas a joint study carried out by the National Institutes of Health and the CDC found that, in the United States during 2011 and 2012, an estimated 17,900 youths were newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes and 5,300 youths were newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes; Whereas, in the United States, more than 12 percent of adults and 25.2 percent of indi-viduals who are 65 years of age or older in the United States have diabetes; Whereas the risk of developing diabetes at some point in life is 40 percent for adults in the United States; Whereas, after accounting for the dif-ference of the average age of each popu-lation, data surveying adults in the United States between 2013 and 2015 indicates that— (1) 7.4 percent of non-Hispanic Whites, 12.7 percent of non-Hispanic Blacks, 12.1 percent of Hispanics, and 8 percent of Asian Ameri-cans suffer from diagnosed diabetes; and (2) with respect to Hispanic adults, 8.5 per-cent of individuals of Central and South American descent, 9 percent of individuals of Cuban descent, 13.8 percent of individuals of Mexican descent, and 12 percent of individ-uals of Puerto Rican descent suffer from di-agnosed diabetes; Whereas, according to the American Diabe-tes Association, the United States spent an estimated $245,000,000,000 on cases of diag-nosed diabetes in 2012; Whereas the American Diabetes Associa-tion reports that 20 percent of the money that the United States spent on health care in 2012 went toward caring for individuals with diabetes; Whereas a Mathematica Policy Research study found that total expenditures for indi-viduals with diabetes receiving benefits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) in fiscal year 2005 comprised 32.7 percent of the budget for the Medicare pro-gram in that fiscal year; Whereas a cure for diabetes does not exist, as of November 2017; Whereas there are successful means to re-duce the incidence, and delay the onset, of type 2 diabetes; Whereas, with proper management and treatment, individuals with diabetes live healthy and productive lives; and Whereas individuals in the United States celebrate American Diabetes Month in No-vember: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Amer-ican Diabetes Month, including— (A) encouraging individuals in the United States to fight diabetes through public awareness of prevention and treatment op-tions; and (B) enhancing diabetes education; (2) recognizes the importance of early de-tection, awareness of the symptoms, and un-derstanding the risk factors of diabetes, in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.019 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7065 November 7, 2017 
(A) being— (i) older than 45 years of age; or (ii) overweight; and (B) having— (i) a particular racial and ethnic back-ground; (ii) a low level of physical activity; (iii) high blood pressure; (iv) a family history of diabetes; or (v) a history of diabetes during pregnancy; and (3) supports decreasing the prevalence of type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes in the United States through increased re-search, treatment, and prevention. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 323—REQUIR-ING SEXUAL HARASSMENT TRAINING FOR MEMBERS, OFFI-CERS, EMPLOYEES, INTERNS, AND FELLOWS OF THE SENATE AND A PERIODIC SURVEY OF THE SENATE Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 323 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Sen-ate Training on Prevention of Sexual Harass-ment Resolution’’ or the ‘‘STOP Sexual Har-assment Resolution’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this resolution— (1) the term ‘‘covered office’’ means an of-fice, including a joint commission or joint committee, employing employees of the Sen-ate; (2) the term ‘‘covered position’’ means a position as— (A) a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate; (B) an intern or fellow serving in a position in a covered office— (i) without regard to whether the intern or fellow receives compensation; and (ii) if the intern or fellow does receive com-pensation, without regard to the source of compensation; or (C) a detailee serving in a position in a cov-ered office, without regard to whether the service is on a reimbursable basis; (3) the term ‘‘employee of the Senate’’ means an individual whose pay is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, without re-gard to the term of the appointment; (4) the term ‘‘head of a covered office’’ means— (A) the Member, officer, or employee of the Senate having final authority to appoint, hire, discharge, and set the terms, condi-tions, or privileges of the employment of the employees of the Senate employed by a cov-ered office; or (B) in the case of a joint committee or joint commission, the Senator from the ma-jority party of the Senate who— (i) is a member of, or has authority over, the covered office; and (ii)(I) serves in the highest leadership role in the committee or commission; or (II) if there is no such leadership role for a Senator in the committee or commission, is the most senior Senator on the committee or commission; (5) the term ‘‘officer’’ means an elected or appointed officer of the Senate; and (6) the term ‘‘sexual harassment’’ means harassment that constitutes discrimination because of sex that is prohibited under sec-tion 201 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311). SEC. 3. SEXUAL HARASSMENT TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate shall issue rules as expeditiously as possible requiring each individual serving in a covered position to periodically complete sexual harassment training provided by the Office of Compli-ance or the Office of the Senate Chief Coun-sel for Employment. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The rules issued under subsection (a) shall require that— (1) an individual elected, appointed, or as-signed to a covered position after the date on which the rules are issued who was not serv-ing in a covered position immediately before being so elected, appointed, or assigned shall complete training described in subsection (a) not later than 60 days after the date on which the individual assumes the position; (2) an individual serving in a covered posi-tion on the date on which the rules are issued who has not previously completed training described in subsection (a) shall complete such training not later than 60 days after the date on which the rules are issued; (3) in addition to complying with para-graphs (1) and (2), each individual serving in a covered position shall complete a course of training described in subsection (a) periodi-cally, as specified by the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate; and (4) the head of each covered office shall submit to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate— (A) a list of each individual serving in a covered position in the covered office on the date on which the rules are issued who pre-viously completed training described in sub-section (a); (B) information regarding the completion of training described in subsection (a) after the date on which the rules are issued by an individual serving in a covered position in the covered office; and (C) notice of a failure by an individual serving in a covered position in the covered office to comply with the rules. (c) C
ONTENTS OF TRAINING .—It is the sense of the Senate that, for purposes of training conducted after the date on which the rules are issued under subsection (a), the sexual harassment training described in subsection (a) should be reviewed and updated to in-clude— (1) information and practical guidance re-garding any applicable Federal laws con-cerning the prohibition against and the pre-vention and correction of sexual harassment and the rights of victims of sexual harass-ment in employment; (2) practical examples aimed at instructing supervisors in the prevention of harassment, discrimination, and retaliation; (3) presentations by individuals with knowledge and expertise in the prevention of harassment, discrimination, and retaliation; (4) a discussion of the consequences for per-petrators of sexual harassment; and (5) information regarding the prohibition under the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) against retalia-tion against witnesses to, or individuals who experience, sexual harassment and who re-port the harassment. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Office of Compliance and the Office of the Senate Chief Counsel for Em-ployment should, in implementing the train-ing described in subsection (a) and making any updates to the training in accordance with subsection (c), consult with— (1) entities having significant expertise in identifying, preventing, and responding to sexual harassment; and (2) sexual harassment victims or sexual harassment victim advocates. SEC. 4. PERIODIC SURVEY. 
During each Congress, the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate shall— (1) in consultation with the Office of Com-pliance, the Senate Chief Counsel for Em-ployment, and an entity having expertise in developing surveys, conduct an anonymous survey of Members, officers, and employees of the Senate relating to the prevalence of sexual harassment in the Senate during the previous Congress, which shall include ques-tions regarding— (A) the experience of the respondent with sexual harassment or related inappropriate behavior in the Senate; and (B) if the respondent experienced sexual harassment or related inappropriate behav-ior and did not initiate the process under title IV of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), why the re-spondent chose not to do so; (2) submit only to the Chairman and Rank-ing Member of the Committee on Rules and Administration, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the results of the survey; and (3) take all steps necessary to preserve the anonymity of survey respondents and pro-tect the confidentiality of any data that is collected under this section. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, alle-gations of sexual harassment against a growing number of people have sur-faced recently. Some facing the accusa-tions have issued public apologies, while others have maintained their in-nocence. But the allegations continue to mount, and as each new one sur-faces, so grows my concern about whether we’re doing enough to combat this problem. There are many things on which members of this chamber don’t agree, but one thing on which we can and should agree is this: sexual harassment has no place in the workforce. And it certainly has no place in the halls of Congress. To signal how seriously I take this issue, I last week called on the Senate Rules Committee to impose a require-ment of sexual harassment training for every employee in this chamber. Today, I’m introducing a bipartisan resolution to ensure that the Rules Committee has the authority necessary to ensure that every member of this chamber, every employee on the Sen-ate payroll, and every unpaid Senate intern receives anti-harassment train-ing. This is not an onerous requirement, and it’s one that’s long overdue. Train-ing materials on harassment already exist, thanks to the Congressional Of-fice of Compliance and our Office of the Senate Chief Counsel for Employment. It’s already mandatory for my Judici-ary Committee staff and personal of-fice staff to take anti-harassment training. The executive branch and some private employers already have instituted similar training require-ments for their employees. More than two decades ago, I spon-sored the Congressional Accountability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.024 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7066 November 7, 2017 
Act as a sign of our commitment to promoting fairness in the workplace. This 1995 statute requires Congress to follow the same civil rights, labor, workplace safety, and health laws to which other employers are subject. The law also established our Office of Com-pliance to implement the law’s dispute resolution, education, and enforcement provisions for Congress. That office not only mediates sexual harassment com-plaints but also has developed sexual harassment training for congressional offices. The Office of the Senate Chief Counsel for Employment also makes anti-harassment training available to Senators and staff. The resolution I’m introducing today also calls for the Sergeant at Arms to develop an anonymous survey on the prevalence of sexual harassment in the Senate. This survey, which will be con-ducted every two years, is to be devel-oped in consultation with the Office of Compliance and Office of the Senate Chief Counsel for Employment. I have tremendous respect for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I believe each of you works hard to en-sure that your offices are professional, free of harassment, and places where merit’s rewarded. But I think we have to acknowledge that in our society, de-spite our best efforts and intentions, sexual harassment remains a serious problem. And we must work together to make sure that the Senate remains free from harassment. Some may say that policies regard-ing sexual harassment should be left to the discretion of each office. But I be-lieve it’s important for every Senate office to have a consistent stance on this particular issue. Every office should receive the same training so the Senate maintains a culture in which harassment is not tolerated. This is a common interest we all share. The vot-ers who sent us here expect the best. We owe it to the American people to hold ourselves and our employees to the highest standards of conduct and professionalism. Mr. President, I want to close by thanking Senators F
EINSTEIN , K LO-
BUCHAR , E RNST , and G ILLIBRAND for working so closely with me on the de-velopment of this resolution. I urge my colleagues to embrace a common sense approach to preventing sexual harass-ment by supporting its passage. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1580. Mr. DAINES (for Mrs. M CCASKILL ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1088, to require the collection of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1580. Mr. DAINES (for Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1088, to require the collec-tion of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes; as follows: On page 6, line 17, strike ‘‘Chief Perform-ance Officer’’ and insert ‘‘Performance Im-provement Officer’’. On page 7, line 18, strike ‘‘Chief Perform-ance Officer’’ and insert ‘‘Performance Im-provement Officer’’. On page 9, lines 22 and 23, strike ‘‘date of enactment of this Act, and annually there-after for 10 years’’ and insert ‘‘date on which all covered agencies have submitted the first annual reports to the Director required under section 6(d)(1), and every 2 years there-after until the date that is 10 years after such date’’. On page 10, lines 3 and 4, strike ‘‘quality of services provided to the public by each cov-ered agency’’ and insert ‘‘data collected and reported by the covered agencies’’. On page 10, strike lines 10 through 12 and insert the following: (2) a description of how each covered agen-cy will use the voluntary feedback received by the covered agency to improve service de-livery. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. STRANGE. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Robert Behler, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, Dean L. Winslow, of Delaware, to be an Assistant Secretary, Thomas B. Modly, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, and James F. Geurts, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Navy, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct an executive hearing on S. 1591 ‘‘The Banking Restrictions Involving North Korea (BRINK) Act of 2017.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Labor Relations Au-thority. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 to conduct a closed hearing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON COMMUNICATIONS , 
TECHNOLOGY , INNOVATION , AND THE INTERNET  
The Subcommittee on Communica-tions, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing the Internet of Things in Rural America.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
The Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecu-rity Policy of the Committee on For-eign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Kaila Davis, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FEDERAL AGENCY CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE ACT OF 2017 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 220, S. 1088. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1088) to require the collection of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 1088 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Federal Government serves the peo-ple of the United States and should seek to continually improve public services provided by the Federal Government based on cus-tomer feedback; (2) the people of the United States deserve a Federal Government that provides effi-cient, effective, and high-quality services across multiple channels; (3) many agencies, offices, programs, and Federal employees provide excellent service to individuals, however many parts of the Federal Government still fall short on deliv-ering the customer service experience that individuals have come to expect from the private sector; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.020 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7067 November 7, 2017 
(4) according to the 2016 American Cus-tomer Satisfaction Index, the Federal Gov-ernment ranks among the bottom of all in-dustries in the United States in customer satisfaction; (5) providing quality services to individ-uals improves the confidence of the people of the United States in their government and helps agencies achieve greater impact and fulfill their missions; and (6) improving service to individuals re-quires agencies to work across organiza-tional boundaries, leverage technology, col-lect and share standardized data, and develop customer-centered mindsets and service strategies. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that all agencies should strive to provide high-quality, courteous, effective, and efficient services to the people of the United States and seek to measure, collect, report, and utilize metrics relating to the ex-perience of individuals interacting with agencies to continually improve services to the people of the United States. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. (2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. (3) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered agency’’ means an agency or component of an agency that is required by the Director to collect voluntary feedback øunder¿ for pur- poses of section 6, based on an assessment of the components and programs of the agency with the highest impact on or number of interactions with individuals or entities. (4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (5) V
OLUNTARY FEEDBACK .—The term ‘‘vol-untary feedback’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, as added by section 4 of this Act. 
SEC. 4. APPLICATION OF THE PAPERWORK RE-DUCTION ACT TO COLLECTION OF VOLUNTARY FEEDBACK. 
Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’), is amended— (1) in section 3502— (A) in paragraph (13)(D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (14), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; øand¿ or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) the term ‘voluntary feedback’ means any submission of information, opinion, or concern that is— ‘‘(A) voluntarily made by a specific indi-vidual or other entity relating to a par-ticular service of or transaction with an agency; and ‘‘(B) specifically solicited by that agen-cy.’’; and (2) in section 3518(c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) by an agency that is voluntary feed-back.’’. 
SEC. 5. GUIDELINES FOR VOLUNTARY FEEDBACK. 
Each agency that solicits voluntary feed-back shall ensure that— (1) responses to the solicitation of vol-untary feedback remain anonymous and shall not be traced to specific individuals or entities; (2) individuals and entities who decline to participate in the solicitation of voluntary feedback shall not be treated differently by the agency for purposes of providing services or information; (3) the solicitation does not include more than 10 questions; (4) the voluntary nature of the solicitation is clear; (5) the proposed solicitation of voluntary feedback will contribute to improved cus-tomer service; (6) solicitations of voluntary feedback are limited to 1 solicitation per interaction with an individual or entity; (7) to the extent practicable, the solicita-tion of voluntary feedback is made at the point of service with an individual or entity; (8) instruments for collecting voluntary feedback are accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d); and (9) internal agency data governance poli-cies remain in effect with respect to the col-lection of voluntary feedback from individ-uals and entities. SEC. 6. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE DATA COLLEC-TION. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF RESPONSES .—The head of each covered agency (or a designee), assisted by and in coordination with the Chief Per-formance Officer or other senior accountable official for customer service of the covered agency, shall collect voluntary feedback with respect to services of or transactions with the covered agency. (b) C
ONTENT OF QUESTIONS .— (1) S
TANDARDIZED QUESTIONS .—The Direc-tor, in coordination with the Administrator, shall develop a set of standardized questions for use by covered agencies in collecting vol-untary feedback under this section that ad-dress— (A) overall satisfaction of individuals or entities with the specific interaction or serv-ice received; (B) the extent to which individuals or enti-ties were able to accomplish their intended task or purpose; (C) whether the individual or entity was treated with respect and professionalism; (D) whether the individual or entity be-lieves they were served in a timely manner; and (E) any additional metrics as determined by the Director, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator. (2) A
DDITIONAL QUESTIONS .—In addition to the questions developed under paragraph (1), the Chief Performance Officer or other sen-ior accountable official for customer service at a covered agency may develop questions relevant to the specific operations or pro-grams of the covered agency. (c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—To the ex-tent practicable— (1) each covered agency shall collect vol-untary feedback across all platforms or channels through which the covered agency interacts with individuals or other entities to deliver information or services; and (2) voluntary feedback collected under this section shall be tied to specific transactions or interactions with customers of the cov-ered agency. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT TO THE DIRECTOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, each covered agency shall publish on the website of the covered agency and submit to the Director, in a manner determined by the Director, a report that includes the vol-untary feedback required to be collected under this section. (B) C
ENTRALIZED WEBSITE .—The Director shall— (i) include and maintain on a publicly available website links to the information provided on the websites of covered agencies under subparagraph (A); and (ii) for purposes of clause (i), establish a website or make use of an existing website, such as the website required under section 1122 of title 31, United States Code. (2) AGGREGATED REPORT .—Each covered agency shall publish, on a regular basis, an aggregated report on the solicitation of vol-untary feedback sent to individuals or enti-ties, which shall include— (A) the intended purpose of each solicita-tion of voluntary feedback conducted by the covered agency; (B) the appropriate point of contact within each covered agency for each solicitation of voluntary feedback conducted; (C) the questions or survey instrument submitted to members of the public as part of the solicitation of voluntary information; and (D) a description of how the covered agen-cy uses the voluntary feedback received by the covered agency to improve the customer service of the covered agency. 
SEC. 7. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE SCORECARD RE-PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 10 years, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall make publicly available and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a scorecard report assessing the quality of services provided to the public by each cov-ered agency. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a summary of the information required to be published by covered agencies under section 6(d); and (2) an analysis of administrative and legis-lative barriers to improving service delivery by covered agencies. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the McCaskill amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The amendment (No. 1580) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 6, line 17, strike ‘‘Chief Perform-ance Officer’’ and insert ‘‘Performance Im-provement Officer’’. On page 7, line 18, strike ‘‘Chief Perform-ance Officer’’ and insert ‘‘Performance Im-provement Officer’’. On page 9, lines 22 and 23, strike ‘‘date of enactment of this Act, and annually there-after for 10 years’’ and insert ‘‘date on which all covered agencies have submitted the first annual reports to the Director required under section 6(d)(1), and every 2 years there-after until the date that is 10 years after such date’’. On page 10, lines 3 and 4, strike ‘‘quality of services provided to the public by each cov-ered agency’’ and insert ‘‘data collected and reported by the covered agencies’’. On page 10, strike lines 10 through 12 and insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.036 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7068 November 7, 2017 
(2) a description of how each covered agen-cy will use the voluntary feedback received by the covered agency to improve service delivery. 
The bill (S. 1088), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1088 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Federal Government serves the peo-ple of the United States and should seek to continually improve public services provided by the Federal Government based on cus-tomer feedback; (2) the people of the United States deserve a Federal Government that provides effi-cient, effective, and high-quality services across multiple channels; (3) many agencies, offices, programs, and Federal employees provide excellent service to individuals, however many parts of the Federal Government still fall short on deliv-ering the customer service experience that individuals have come to expect from the private sector; (4) according to the 2016 American Cus-tomer Satisfaction Index, the Federal Gov-ernment ranks among the bottom of all in-dustries in the United States in customer satisfaction; (5) providing quality services to individ-uals improves the confidence of the people of the United States in their government and helps agencies achieve greater impact and fulfill their missions; and (6) improving service to individuals re-quires agencies to work across organiza-tional boundaries, leverage technology, col-lect and share standardized data, and develop customer-centered mindsets and service strategies. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that all agencies should strive to provide high-quality, courteous, effective, and efficient services to the people of the United States and seek to measure, collect, report, and utilize metrics relating to the ex-perience of individuals interacting with agencies to continually improve services to the people of the United States. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. (2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. (3) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered agency’’ means an agency or component of an agency that is required by the Director to collect voluntary feedback for purposes of section 6, based on an assessment of the com-ponents and programs of the agency with the highest impact on or number of interactions with individuals or entities. (4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (5) V
OLUNTARY FEEDBACK .—The term ‘‘vol-untary feedback’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, as added by section 4 of this Act. 
SEC. 4. APPLICATION OF THE PAPERWORK RE-DUCTION ACT TO COLLECTION OF VOLUNTARY FEEDBACK. 
Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’), is amended— (1) in section 3502— (A) in paragraph (13)(D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (14), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) the term ‘voluntary feedback’ means any submission of information, opinion, or concern that is— ‘‘(A) voluntarily made by a specific indi-vidual or other entity relating to a par-ticular service of or transaction with an agency; and ‘‘(B) specifically solicited by that agen-cy.’’; and (2) in section 3518(c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) by an agency that is voluntary feed-back.’’. SEC. 5. GUIDELINES FOR VOLUNTARY FEEDBACK. 
Each agency that solicits voluntary feed-back shall ensure that— (1) responses to the solicitation of vol-untary feedback remain anonymous and shall not be traced to specific individuals or entities; (2) individuals and entities who decline to participate in the solicitation of voluntary feedback shall not be treated differently by the agency for purposes of providing services or information; (3) the solicitation does not include more than 10 questions; (4) the voluntary nature of the solicitation is clear; (5) the proposed solicitation of voluntary feedback will contribute to improved cus-tomer service; (6) solicitations of voluntary feedback are limited to 1 solicitation per interaction with an individual or entity; (7) to the extent practicable, the solicita-tion of voluntary feedback is made at the point of service with an individual or entity; (8) instruments for collecting voluntary feedback are accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d); and (9) internal agency data governance poli-cies remain in effect with respect to the col-lection of voluntary feedback from individ-uals and entities. 
SEC. 6. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE DATA COLLEC-TION. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF RESPONSES .—The head of each covered agency (or a designee), assisted by and in coordination with the Performance Improvement Officer or other senior ac-countable official for customer service of the covered agency, shall collect voluntary feed-back with respect to services of or trans-actions with the covered agency. (b) C
ONTENT OF QUESTIONS .— (1) S
TANDARDIZED QUESTIONS .—The Direc-tor, in coordination with the Administrator, shall develop a set of standardized questions for use by covered agencies in collecting vol-untary feedback under this section that ad-dress— (A) overall satisfaction of individuals or entities with the specific interaction or serv-ice received; (B) the extent to which individuals or enti-ties were able to accomplish their intended task or purpose; (C) whether the individual or entity was treated with respect and professionalism; (D) whether the individual or entity be-lieves they were served in a timely manner; and (E) any additional metrics as determined by the Director, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator. (2) ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS .—In addition to the questions developed under paragraph (1), the Performance Improvement Officer or other senior accountable official for cus-tomer service at a covered agency may de-velop questions relevant to the specific oper-ations or programs of the covered agency. (c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—To the ex-tent practicable— (1) each covered agency shall collect vol-untary feedback across all platforms or channels through which the covered agency interacts with individuals or other entities to deliver information or services; and (2) voluntary feedback collected under this section shall be tied to specific transactions or interactions with customers of the cov-ered agency. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT TO THE DIRECTOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, each covered agency shall publish on the website of the covered agency and submit to the Director, in a manner determined by the Director, a report that includes the vol-untary feedback required to be collected under this section. (B) C
ENTRALIZED WEBSITE .—The Director shall— (i) include and maintain on a publicly available website links to the information provided on the websites of covered agencies under subparagraph (A); and (ii) for purposes of clause (i), establish a website or make use of an existing website, such as the website required under section 1122 of title 31, United States Code. (2) A
GGREGATED REPORT .—Each covered agency shall publish, on a regular basis, an aggregated report on the solicitation of vol-untary feedback sent to individuals or enti-ties, which shall include— (A) the intended purpose of each solicita-tion of voluntary feedback conducted by the covered agency; (B) the appropriate point of contact within each covered agency for each solicitation of voluntary feedback conducted; (C) the questions or survey instrument submitted to members of the public as part of the solicitation of voluntary information; and (D) a description of how the covered agen-cy uses the voluntary feedback received by the covered agency to improve the customer service of the covered agency. 
SEC. 7. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE SCORECARD RE-PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date on which all covered agencies have submitted the first annual reports to the Director required under section 6(d)(1), and every 2 years thereafter until the date that is 10 years after such date, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall make publicly available and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a scorecard report assessing the data collected and reported by the covered agencies. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a summary of the information required to be published by covered agencies under section 6(d); and (2) a description of how each covered agen-cy will use the voluntary feedback received by the covered agency to improve service de-livery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO6.033 S07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7069 November 7, 2017 
NATIONAL SUICIDE HOTLINE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 256, S. 1015. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1015) to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to study the feasi-bility of designating a simple, easy-to-re-member dialing code to be used for a na-tional suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Sui-cide Hotline Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission; (2) the term ‘‘covered dialing code’’ means a simple, easy-to-remember, 3-digit dialing code; and (3) the term ‘‘N11 dialing code’’ means an ab-breviated dialing code consisting of 3 digits, of which— (A) the first digit may be any digit other than ‘‘1’’ or ‘‘0’’; and (B) each of the last 2 digits is ‘‘1’’. 
SEC. 3. STUDIES AND REPORTS. 
(a) P RIMARY STUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission, in coordi-nation with the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a study that— (A) examines the feasibility of designating an N11 dialing code or other covered dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system; and (B) analyzes the effectiveness of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline as of the date on which the study is initiated, including how well the lifeline is working to address the needs of veterans. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) C
OMMISSION .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Commission shall— (i) consider— (I) each of the N11 dialing codes, including the codes that are used for other purposes; and (II) other covered dialing codes; (ii) consult with the North American Num-bering Council; and (iii) review the information provided by the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Sub-stance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively, of this paragraph. (B) SAMHSA 
STUDY AND REPORT TO ASSIST  
COMMISSION .—To assist the Commission in con-ducting the study under paragraph (1), the As-sistant Secretary for Mental Health and Sub-stance Use shall analyze and, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, re-port to the Commission on— (i) the potential impact of the designation of an N11 dialing code, or other covered dialing code, for a suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system on— (I) suicide prevention; (II) crisis services; and (III) other suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotlines, including— (aa) the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline; and (bb) the Veterans Crisis Line; and (ii) possible recommendations for improving the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline gen-erally, which may include— (I) increased public education and awareness; and (II) improved infrastructure and operations. (C) VA STUDY AND REPORT TO ASSIST COMMIS -
SION.—To assist the Commission in conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall study and, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Commission on how well the Na-tional Suicide Prevention Lifeline and the Vet-erans Crisis Line, as in effect on the date on which the study is initiated, is working to ad-dress the needs of veterans. (b) P
RIMARY COMMISSION REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commis-sion, in coordination with the Assistant Sec-retary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall sub-mit a report on the study conducted under sub-section (a) that recommends whether a par-ticular N11 dialing code or other covered dialing code should be used for a national suicide pre-vention and mental health crisis hotline system to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. (2) A
DDITIONAL CONTENTS .—If the report sub-mitted by the Commission under paragraph (1) recommends that a dialing code should be used, the report shall also— (A) outline the logistics of designating such a dialing code; (B) estimate the costs associated with desig-nating such a dialing code, including— (i) the costs incurred by service providers, in-cluding— (I) translation changes in the network; and (II) cell site analysis and reprogramming by wireless carriers; and (ii) the costs incurred by States and localities; (C) provide recommendations for designating such a dialing code; (D) provide a cost-benefit analysis comparing the recommended dialing code with the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, as in effect on the date on which the report is submitted; and (E) make other recommendations, as appro-priate, for improving the National Suicide Pre-vention Lifeline generally, which may include— (i) increased public education and awareness; and (ii) improved infrastructure and operations. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 1015), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2017 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, No-vember 8; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Robb nomination postcloture; finally, that all time dur-ing recess, adjournment, morning busi-ness, and leader remarks count postcloture on the Robb nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:24 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, November 8, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate November 7, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
STEVEN ANDREW ENGEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JOHN H. GIBSON II, OF TEXAS, TO BE DEPUTY CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
DAVID J. REDL, OF NEW YORK, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE FOR COMMUNICATIONS AND IN-FORMATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G07NO6.051 S07NOPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1521 November 7, 2017 
TRIBUTE HONORING THE 80TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE EDMUNDITE MISSIONS 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 80th Anniversary of the Edmundite Missions at Our Lady of Queen of Peace Catholic Church in Selma, Alabama. For 80 years the Edmundite Missions has faithfully served poor and underprivileged communities throughout the Deep South. The Edmundite Missions, whose legal name is ‘‘Fathers of St. Edmund Southern Mission’’, is rooted in the Gospel of Jesus Christ and fo-cuses on providing food, clothing and shelter to poor and marginalized children and families, young adults and seniors of all faith traditions. Their work aims to address issues of systemic poverty in the region while sharing the hope they believe only comes through faith. While the Edmundite Mission in Alabama is headquartered in Selma, their outreach area includes the Alabama counties of Butler, Dal-las, Lowndes, Monroe, Perry and Wilcox, and New Orleans, Louisiana. The inspiring story of Edmundite Missions began with a call to action when in 1936 Pope Pius XI appealed to the Society of St. Edmund to go minister to the African-Americans of the Deep South, whom the Pope felt had been ne-glected by both church and state. The Edmundites responded by selecting two young priests, Father Francis Casey, S.S.E. and Fa-ther John ‘‘Barney’’ Paro, S.S.E., to take on the assignment. They wrote to Bishop Thomas J. Toolen of Mobile, who invited them to set up a ‘‘colored mission’’ in Selma. Fathers Casey and Paro arrived in Selma on July 6, 1937, and moved into a former sa-loon on Broad Street. They discovered thou-sands of people living in extreme poverty, similar to that of a third world country. In re-sponse, they began their outreach by con-ducting door-to-door evangelization of the black community and building a small chapel, St. Elizabeth’s Mission. Initially, they were met with skepticism and resentment by both the black and white communities in Selma. But their services to the poor gradually won them respect from the community. The work of the Edmundite Missions helped to transform the communities of Alabama’s rural Black Belt during some of the most tur-bulent times of race relations in American his-tory. In 1940, the Missions welcomed the Sis-ters of Saint Joseph (S.S.J.) from Rochester, New York, who came to Selma to provide education and social ministry. The Sisters of St. Joseph started St. Elizabeth’s School in 1941 and Holy Infant Inn (a nursing home) in 1943. In 1944, the Edmundites purchased Selma Good Samaritan Hospital, a rundown infirmary for blacks, and the Sisters set about transforming it into a modern facility. They es-tablished the Good Samaritan School of Nurs-ing, the first medical training program for Afri-can-American women in the area. In 1947, Father Nelson Ziter launched the Don Bosco Boys’ Club (1947–1966), named after the patron saint of youth work. For the next 19 years until 1966, the club helped hun-dreds of black youth prepare and win the fi-nancial assistance needed to attend college. Father Ziter devoted countless hours and days to ensuring the success of every youth who came into the club. On a personal note, I can attest to the transformative power of the Don Bosco Boys’ Club. My dad, Andrew A. Sewell and many of his close friends, credit the support, love and guidance of Father Ziter for changing the tra-jectory of their lives. My dad and many of his teammates received athletic scholarships to historically black colleges—becoming first gen-eration college graduates. The Club and its ministry helped to break the cycle of poverty for these African American boys such that they became teachers, doctors, lawyers and even priests. The Sewell family is forever in-debted to the generous support and assist-ance the Edmundite Missions has given to the communities of Selma and throughout the Black Belt for over 80 years. The Mission has a long history of seeing be-yond color, creed or financial status. Their phi-losophy was never more relevant than during the turbulent years of the civil rights and vot-ing rights movements. The Edmundites found themselves the center of controversy during the 1960s, when they were the only whites in Selma who openly supported the voting rights movement. During the 1950s and 1960s, the Mission and its priest and sisters worked with Selma black and white leaders, its business community and its white ministers to open the lines of communication between the races. They believed that progress could be achieved in Selma without violence or confrontations. During the March from Selma to Mont-gomery, the Edmundites led by Father Ouellet, played a critical role. On March 7, 1965, the brutal confrontation at the Edmund Pettus Bridge caught the attention of the nation. Scores of wounded marchers poured into the emergency room at Good Samaritan Hospital, where doctors, nurses and Sisters worked around the clock to address the crisis. Good Samaritan Hospital won national praise for its treatment of the victims of the infamous Bloody Sunday confrontation, including pro-viding medical treatment to our colleague, Congressman J
OHN LEWIS. Father Ouellet left Selma in June of 1965, on orders from Archbishop Toolen of Mobile, who was angered by the Father’s identification with the marchers and wanted a quieter re-sponse. When he said goodbye to his weep-ing parishioners, Father Ouellet urged them to remain loyal to the Church and to their dreams. ‘‘All that we do we must do with love,’’ he told them. ‘‘Let there be no hatred, let there be no bitterness, and let there be no desire for any revenge.’’ Reconciliation was a long time in coming, but the Missions continued to work quietly for reconciliation and racial progress. The ‘‘Selma Accords of 1972,’’ which brought about signifi-cant progress in the city, was negotiated in part by Assistant Missions Director Father James Robinson. The incredible work done by the Edmundite Missions over the last 80 years has had life- changing impacts that reach far beyond the immediate communities they support. Today the Edmundite Missions continue to work tire-lessly to provide essential nutritional, edu-cation and healthcare services and programs throughout the region. In 2016 alone, the Mis-sions provided more than 300,000 meals, helped house or assisted to clothe more than 6,000 people, aided in the healthcare of more than 2,000 people and participated in the edu-cation of more than 10,000 children. The citizens of Selma and surrounding Black Belt counties have come a long way since 1937, when Edmundite Missionaries began their work there. For 80 years, the Edmundite Missions has partnered with dis-tressed, underserved communities to provide direct action and assistance to alleviate the conditions of poverty in Deep South. We are stronger, more inclusive and better resourced because of their efforts. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the 80th Anniversary of the Edmundite Missions and in recognizing its many contribu-tions. May the glory of Edmundite Missions continue to grow and prosper for years to come. f 
HONORING MARIAN B. TASCO 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an influential and dedicated woman from Philadelphia, Marian B. Tasco, a devoted public official, and former City Council rep-resentative for the Ninth District of the City of Philadelphia. Marian Tasco has dedicated her life and ca-reer to improving the lives of others through public service. Prior to being elected to public office, Marian Tasco was a Campaign Man-ager for former Congressman William H. Gray, III, and served as Director of Constituent Serv-ices for Gray’s Philadelphia office. She also served as an assistant to the late C. Delores Tucker, the former Secretary of State for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and earlier in her career, served as Task Force Coordinator for the Greater Philadelphia Urban Affairs Co-alition, under the leadership of Charles W. Bowser, Esq. Marian Tasco first went to work for the City of Philadelphia in 1959 as a clerk typist I, in the Philadelphia Police Depart-ment’s Pawn Brokers Division. She was soon promoted to a clerk typist II position and was reassigned to the Registrar’s Office of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Prestigiously, Marian Tasco stands out as the first African-American elected Philadelphia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07NO8.001 E07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1522 November 7, 2017 
City Commissioner (1983–1987). She also served as the Ward Leader for the renowned 50th Ward, where she was unanimously elect-ed by the Pennsylvania Democratic State Committee to represent Pennsylvania on the Democratic National Committee. In 1988, Marian Tasco was elected as a Councilwoman for the Ninth District of the City of Philadelphia, a position she held until 2016. As a Councilwoman, she served as both City Council Majority Leader and Majority Whip. Her leadership was greatly valued by her council colleagues and the administrations she served alongside. As a veteran legislator, she understood the importance of holding elected officials ac-countable for their productivity and was ex-ceedingly effective in her commitment to ob-tain services that preserve and enhance the quality of life for her constituency. Impres-sively, she introduced and secured the pas-sage of a multitude of bills and resolutions that directly relate to improving general city serv-ices, protecting and enhancing the health and welfare of women, children, and families, and making Philadelphia neighborhoods and com-mercial corridors safe havens for all citizens. In addition to using her political influence to accomplish all of the above-outlined deeds, Marian Tasco chaired the City Council Public Health and Human Services Committee and the Council Committee on Finance. While Marian Tasco’s board appointments are many, she is held in high esteem and recognized for her commitment as the chair of the Philadel-phia Gas Commission, a lifetime appointment on the Board of Directors for the Board of City Trusts, the Philadelphia Cultural Fund and the Pennsylvania Convention Center Authority Board. With more than 50 years of combined serv-ice, Marian Tasco has received countless awards and honors from numerous commu-nity, civic and religious organizations. Those recognitions include: an Honorary Doctorate of Law degree from Lincoln University; the Great-er Philadelphia Urban Affairs Coalition Dwight Evans Living Legacy Award, a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Pennsylvania Women’s Campaign Fund; a Good House-keeping Magazine Award for Women in Gov-ernment, and a Pennsylvania Federation of Democratic Women’s Elected Women of the Year Award. Most recently, she was ranked in the top 20 by Philadelphia Magazine for Most Influential people, was honored by WES Health System through the renaming of Lindley Court Apartments as the Marian B. Tasco Arms, and bestowed ‘‘Best Kingmaker’’ through the 2016 Best of Philly Awards for her support in electing James Kenney as mayor. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania extends gratitude to Marian Tasco for her dedicated support and service to the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 607, 608, and 609 on Monday, November 6, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 607 and 608, and Nay on Roll Call vote 609. f 
HONORING LONNIE RICHARDSON 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Lonnie Richardson of Mountain View, Arkansas, who recently celebrated his 100th birthday on September 12th. Lonnie was born in 1917, in the Signal Hill community of Mountain View. In 1942, he an-swered the call of duty and was drafted into the U.S. Army. He served for four years during and after World War II, rising to the rank of corporal. After the war, Lonnie returned home to the Ozarks. He settled down, raised a fam-ily, and tended to the family farm. Lonnie is truly a member of the greatest generation. We are all measured relative to people like Lonnie, who preserved global free-dom, built our communities, and continue to shape America today. I hope you and Con-gress will join me in wishing Lonnie Richard-son a happy 100th birthday. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SUPER-INTENDENT JOHN J. DONAHUE ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area Superintendent John J. Donahue. After a 38-year tenure with the Na-tional Park Service, Mr. Donahue has an-nounced he will retire on December 3, 2017. Long before he advanced to his current po-sition at the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area in 2003, Mr. Donahue began his federal career as a gardener at Cape Cod National Seashore. From there he advanced through the ranks, serving in a variety of roles that took him across the continental U.S. After many years, a man who had started his career as a gardener became the Superintendent of some of our country’s most beautiful sites in Florida, Virginia, and Maryland. As a dedicated leader, Mr. Donahue oversaw critical projects and built relationships with elected officials, business partners, and local Native American tribes. Due to a recent stewardship land acquisition program, there are now hundreds of acres of connected open space stretching across Pennsylvania and New Jersey. However, this is just a singular testament to his commitment and drive. During his tenure, Mr. Donahue has written legisla-tion, regulations, policies, an numerous arti-cles. The impact of Mr. Donahue’s work extends beyond our country’s borders. Recently, he led an American and international delegation to China on behalf of the National Park Service. He also attended the World Parks Conference in Australia and served on a 1999 delegation to Haitian national parks in order to spur tour-ism and economic development. Mr. Donahue’s dedication to his country leaves behind a legacy which will inspire fu-ture leaders and public servants. I ask my fel-low Members to join me in recognizing Super-intendent John Donahue and his 38 years of service. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-day, November 6, 2017, I was unable to be in Washington and missed Roll Call votes No. 607, To amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of resi-dences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; and No. 608, To direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report re-garding the organizational structure of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on both bills. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—SHEILA ALLEN 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheila Allen, a proven leader in the Davis, California community who em-bodies the qualities of a true public servant. Sheila is currently the Executive Director of the Yolo Healthy Aging Alliance. She has been instrumental in building an organization that serves as a vital voice for older adults in Yolo County and elected officials and commu-nity leaders consider her the expert in ad-dressing senior issues. Sheila is credited with organizing the 2010 Aging Summit that recog-nized the need for sustained attention of older adults. Her leadership has enhanced the lives of countless older adults in Yolo County through educational programs, collaboration with over 80 providers of older adult services and is a faithful advocate for needed programs and services at every level of government. Working alongside County Supervisor Provenza, Sheila was instrumental in helping to advocate for a new Adult Day Health Care Center in Woodland as well as a Memory Center in Davis. Sheila also advocated for leg-islation to protect seniors from abuse and pro-vide greater access to services in the commu-nity. She is currently working on a similar project in Winters, California. Sheila’s community involvement includes, Trustee, Davis Unified School District, Board Member, First Five Yolo, Board of Director, Explorit Science Center, Board of Governors, Agency on Aging, Board of Directors, Amer-ican Nurses Association, Board of Director, Golden State Nursing Foundation, Advisory Committee, Yolo County Home Supportive Services, Member, Yolo County Health Coun-cil, Member, City of Davis Human Relations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07NO8.002 E07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1523 November 7, 2017 
Commission, and Advisory Committee, Unitrans. Sheila holds a B.S. in Nursing from University of Wisconsin, Masters and a PhD in Nursing from University of San Francisco. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CONVAL 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of Conval, Inc., located in Somers, CT. In 1962, WWII Navy veteran, Chester ‘‘Chet’’ Siver designed a line of high-pressure, forged steel valves in his basement in Long-meadow, Massachusetts. After a brief period overseeing Hamilton Standard’s use of his de-sign, Mr. Siver eventually regained the rights to his product and set up shop. Conval, or ‘‘Connecticut Valve’’, was founded on Novem-ber 7, 1967. Today Conval is the premier manufacturer of high quality, high temperature, and high pressure forged steel valves in the world. Conval valves are used in a variety of indus-tries, including fossil power, nuclear power, pulp and paper, and water treatment. As the town’s largest private employer, Conval has become an institution in Somers. This family-owned and operated small busi-ness, now overseen by Chet’s son, Frank Siver, is an American success story that has stayed true to Siver’s commitment to making Conval ‘‘a nice place to work.’’ For example, when it came time to expand, Conval elected to stay close to home to accommodate its em-ployees and their families. Their new facility, located in nearby Enfield, CT, is set to open in February 2018. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Conval for their fifty-year commitment to great American manufacturing and community. May they enjoy continued success for years to come. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—TRANINE CHISOM 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Tranine Chisom of Fairfield, California, who has dedicated her career to community service and improving support for people with mental health disabilities and those who experience housing challenges and homelessness. As the Director of Supported Housing of Caminar in Solano County, Tranine has tirelessly worked with property owners, and city and county officials to increase and leverage affordable housing resources for our most vulnerable citizens. Annually, Tranine and her team provide supportive housing serv-ices to over 100 residents who might not oth-erwise be able to obtain or maintain affordable housing on their own. Ms. Chisom also serves as the Board Chair-woman for Housing First Solano, a coalition of service providers in Solano County working to-gether to end homelessness. She has been instrumental in the development and now the implementation of Solano County’s Neighbors Helping Neighbor-Forward Together 5-Year Strategic Plan to address homelessness. Tranine is also active in the Solano Napa Habitat for Humanity program where she ac-tively participates as a crew member on com-munity building days, as well as serves on the Family Selection Committee to identify families most in need of a Habitat Home. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent on November 6, 2017. Had I been present for the following Roll Call votes: H.R. 3562—To amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in rehabili-tation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes, I would have voted Yea as this legislation would make it easier for the VA to assist veterans who are in need of adaptations made to their homes to receive care. On H.R. 1066—VA Management Alignment Act of 2017—Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 2936, I would have voted Yea as this legislation would require the VA to submit a report on the individual roles and account-ability mechanisms of the VA. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—RONDA D
AROSA 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Ronda DaRosa of Woodland, California, who has dedicated her 33-year ca-reer to Education. Her broad educational ex-perience includes 12 years of private and pub-lic classroom instruction at the intermediate to adult education levels, 21 years in an adminis-trative role at schools and county office levels implementing programs focused on alternative and special education, developing curriculum for college preparatory and career technical programs, designing and implementing profes-sional development opportunities for K–12 teachers and administrators, and facilitating school reform at the secondary and middle school levels. Dr. DaRosa currently serves as the Deputy Superintendent for the Yolo County Office of Education; a position that is well deserved. In her capacity as an administrator, she is com-mitted to providing quality education and deliv-ers a wide range of services to the children, parents and K–12 school districts in Yolo County. Dr. DaRosa holds credentials in the areas of Life Sciences, Introductory Mathematics, Lan-guage Development Specialist and Edu-cational Administration. She received her mas-ter’s degree in educational administration from Sonoma State University and her doctoral de-gree in educational leadership from the Uni-versity of Southern California. f 
HONORING RICHARD COOVER FOR HIS LEGACY AND COURAGEOUS SERVICE 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life and honor the memory of Richard Coover, a loving father and husband. Richard, who valiantly served our nation during World War II in the U.S. Marine Corps, passed away on October 27, 2017 at the age of 92. In February 1945, three U.S. Marine divi-sions landed on Iwo Jima, Japan; Richard was one of them. He not only survived the war, but he also endured and bravely defended our country facing many challenges. He fought right at the bottom of Mount Suribachi while bearing the sound of explosions that lasted all night long. Richard is indeed a hero. He was just a young man, thousands of miles away from his home, his friends, and his family when he bravely served our country in Japan. His ac-tions embody the true meaning of valor. When I met Richard, I was deeply touched by his humility and spirit of service. He pas-sionately expressed his love for our nation and was proud to have witnessed the U.S. flag being raised in Iwo Jima. His courage and strength is truly an inspiration. Richard’s courage was displayed not only overseas, but also when fighting against can-cer. My office had the honor to help him ob-tain medical assistance. I even had the hum-bling opportunity to present him with a flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of his service. Throughout the process, Rich-ard maintained an admirable and graceful presence. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize and honor an outstanding constituent, Richard Coover. On behalf of California’s 36th Con-gressional District, I extend my deepest re-spects and condolences to his family. His years of committed service to our nation are an example of excellence and dedication, all should seek to emulate. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—ROBIN DEWEY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Robin Dewey, a dedicated advocate for individuals living with disabilities in Davis, California, who is committed to serv-ing her community. As President of Team Davis, a nonprofit organization established to help enrich the lives of children and adults with developmental, cognitive, and physical disabilities, Ms. Dewey has demonstrated her devotion to an underserved community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07NO8.005 E07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1524 November 7, 2017 
Thanks to her dedication, people with disabil-ities have been provided opportunities for ex-periences that give them a sense of accom-plishment, purpose, and belonging. Ms. Dewey has brought to life the mission of her organization, helping disabled individuals build physical skills, a sense of camaraderie, and a stronger connection with the Davis community. For decades Ms. Dewey has served her community by advocating for equity, social jus-tice, and opportunity for disabled individuals. Not only does she serve a typically isolated community with compassion, consistency, and authenticity, but she also ensures that her vol-unteers do the same. Ms. Dewey’s service to her community does not end with the disabled people she helps, but continues with the com-passionate service she teaches to everyone in her organization. 
f 
HONORING GEORGE FRANCIS LEE, M.D. 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dr. George Francis Lee, a heal-er with a heart of gold, who passed away on September 26, 2017. Dr. Lee was born in Brooklyn, New York, on March 1, 1941. He was the oldest of five chil-dren and spent the majority of his youth in up-state New York where he met his future wife, Katherine Temple. They were married on Au-gust 24, 1963. After graduating from Albany Medical Col-lege of Union University in 1968, Dr. Lee and his family moved to California in 1969 where he completed his residency in Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University of California, San Francisco. Throughout his career he was rec-ognized for his exceptional bedside manner as well as his compassionate and trusted nature as a physician. His work in medicine not only improved the lives of women and children in San Francisco, but throughout California and the United States. In 1977, Dr. Lee and his family built their home, the Old Chatham Ranch in Yorkville, California. As a resident of Mendocino County, George was active in the community, helping establish the Mendocino Wine Growers, Inc. and serving on numerous committees, includ-ing the Anderson Valley School Board and the Anderson Valley Health Center. Dr. George Francis Lee has led a life dedi-cated to healing and helping people every-where. He is survived by his wife Katherine, and his children Barbara, Kelly, and Douglas. Please join me in recognizing Dr. Lee’s life of service. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—SAKARI LYONS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sakari Lyons, a strong advocate for women in Solano County, California as a Fellow with the Essie Justice Center. A social worker by profession, Sakari embodies the qualities and the desire to advocate for women and families in need of compassion, empathy and guidance due to the incarcer-ation of their loved one. Inspired by her own situation, Sakari worked full time for Health and Social Services pro-viding resources to children and families when she joined the Essie Justice Center. Through the organizations Healing to Advocacy pro-gram, Sakari has helped many women find strength to heal from their wounds through guidance, compassion and faith. She empow-ers and encourages them to be advocates for themselves and their children. As a single parent of four children, Sakari was able to pursue her education and holds both a B.A. and M.S. degree. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on Roll Call No. 607, No. 608, and No. 609. Had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 607, I would have voted YEA; Had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 608, I would have voted YEA; Had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 609, I would have voted NAY. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF CARLOS MENDOZA 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career achievements of Carlos G. Mendoza, the U.S. Small Business Admin-istration’s Fresno District Director. Mr. Men-doza retired on Nov. 3, 2017 after more than 40 years of federal service. He has worked tirelessly in his career for small businesses and community development. Mr. Mendoza began his federal civil service career in 1975 as an architect at the Philadel-phia Naval Shipyard. He is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley and has ad-vanced degrees from Princeton University and California State University, East Bay. After successfully completing several assignments for the U.S. Navy, he transferred to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment and quickly rose into the managerial ranks. In 1992, Mr. Mendoza began his term with the U.S. Small Business Administration, be-coming the Deputy District Director of the Los Angeles District office before serving as Dis-trict Director in El Paso and Fresno. As District Director in Fresno, he was responsible for small business development in Central Cali-fornia and the Central Coast. He expanded re-sources in the Central Valley, bringing in the Emerging Leaders mini MBA program, several PRIME grants, a Women’s Business Center and the Small Business Development Center. Mr. Mendoza is known for his passion to make a difference. His work has received rec-ognition from the Environmental Protection Agency, the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, the Chambers of Commerce and the North American Development Bank. For ex-ample, during The Great Recession in 2008, he was the first person in the country to offer a dedicated technical assistance phone line to respond to small business owner’s needs. This accomplishment helped shift the focus from the lack of loans to an emphasis on ‘‘small business survival skills.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the career achievements of Carlos G. Mendoza. I congratulate Mr. Men-doza for his many accomplishments through-out his career and ask that you join me in wishing him and his wife Lydia, continued suc-cess and happiness. f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—RITA MONTES MARTIN 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rita Montes Martin, a lifelong en-trepreneur and community activist in the Davis, California community. At 95, she’s led an extraordinary life and has no desire to re-tire. She embodies the true meaning of a pub-lic servant and community activist. Rita is an iconic personality in the Davis community, having developed many relation-ships with community organizers, business leaders and elected officials; you will always find her advocating for a local initiative or even take on a national policy. If it’s good for the community then Rita will be involved. Rita is also active with Davis Media Access, a media company focused on education programming as a way of strengthening community. Rita has worn many hats, but the prepon-derance of her career has been in real estate. She was a loan officer and the only female appraiser for Great Western, as well as other financial institutions, and worked closely with builders and developers throughout her ca-reer. She held a leadership position as execu-tive vice president, property management of Pegasus group. Rita has several irons in the fire, a serial en-trepreneur and problem solver, Rita is also in-volved in political activism and is considered an author, screen play writer and friend to many in the Davis community. 
f 
HONORING CONRADY JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED A NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Conrady Junior High School for receiving the prestigious 2017 U.S. Depart-ment of Education National Blue Ribbon School Award. The school’s award was con-ferred under the Exemplary High Performing Schools category. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07NO8.008 E07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1525 November 7, 2017 
In 1982, the U.S. Department of Education established the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program to recognize public and private schools with high or significantly improved achievement. I am proud that Conrady Junior High School, located in Hickory Hills, has been honored as an exceptional school. The teachers and staff at Conrady Junior High take great care to focus on the needs of individual students, and this hard work is re-flected in the school’s academic performance. The school employs a unique curriculum with variable length math periods based on student need, and daily periods of exploratory and intervention classes. This is not the first time Conrady Junior High has been honored for excellence in edu-cation. The school was designated as a Na-tional Title I Distinguished School in 2014, which recognizes success in educating stu-dents who come from families with low socio-economic status. As Principal Andy Anderson often says, ‘‘Conrady is a hard place to work, but a great place to work.’’ The Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports (PBIS) program and the Academic Student Success Enrichment Teams (AS-SETS) developed by teachers and administra-tors have also had a positive impact on stu-dent achievement. This success has resulted in visits by teachers and administrators from other schools seeking to learn about their cur-riculum, methodology, and technology integra-tion. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Conrady Junior High School for this impressive achievement and recog-nizing the teachers, administrators, students, parents, and community for the hard work that they have put in to earn this award. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—SHARON PHIPPENS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Sharon Phippens of Orland, California, who has led an exciting, dynamic life, never straying from a desire to serve. The wife of a Foreign Service Officer, Ms. Phippens travelled the world and adapted to unknown situations, all in service to her coun-try and her family. Ms. Phippens was a first- hand witness of some of our country’s most interesting history through her work for two American embassies and her service in the United States Justice Department during President Nixon’s resignation. Ms. Phippens later pursued an extensive and varied education which she has put to use serving her community. Ms. Phippens has worked in law enforcement, patient advocacy, education, and social work; all fields which al-lowed her to work serving others. In every role, Ms. Phippens distinguished herself as someone who would go above and beyond. She has also served on the boards of organi-zations that provide support to people in times of need. Ms. Phippens has used her many tal-ents to the benefit of her community, lending her skills to a wide variety of fields. IN MEMORY OF STAFF SERGEANT DUSTIN WRIGHT HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Staff Sergeant Dustin Wright, who was killed in action on Wednesday, October 4, 2017 while defending our nation as part of the 3rd Special Forces Group in Africa. SSG Wright was a true Amer-ican hero and our thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family as they mourn the loss of this great man. Enlisting in the United States Army in July of 2012, SSG Wright’s list of accomplishments runs long. After attending Special Forces As-sessment and Selection program, he earned his Green Beret and was assigned to 2nd Bat-talion, 3rd Special Forces Group. He received numerous medals, including the Purple Heart and Meritorious Service Medal. Men and women like SSG Wright represent the best our nation has to offer. As a Special Forces Engineer Sergeant, he had undergone some of the most intense training our military has and emerged as a leader and role model. His selflessness allows us to enjoy the bless-ings of liberty that have persevered for well over 200 years. When his country needed him most, he stood ready to answer the call to serve our great nation. Our country can never repay the debt we owe to SSG Wright. He was a model citizen and soldier whose legacy will live on forever. He will always be remembered and I will do everything in my power to honor his sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the life of Staff Sergeant Dustin Wright for his service to God and country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CREW OF U.S.S. ‘‘INDIANAPOLIS’’ FOR THEIR COVERT OPERATION TO BRING OVER COMPONENTS OF THE ‘‘LITTLE BOY’’ ATOMIC BOMB TO TINIAN 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the nearly 1200 crew members who were aboard the U.S.S. Indianapolis when it was attacked by a Japanese submarine in the early morning of July 30, 1945. Among those sailors was Seaman Second Class James Smith, a resident of the First Congressional District now living in Blountville, Tennessee. The ‘‘Indy’’ was returning from a secret trip to Tinian, carrying critical parts and the en-riched uranium for the atomic bomb Little Boy, when it was struck by two torpedoes that caused massive damage to the hull. She sank after only 12 minutes. While approximately 900 of the crew members made it into the water after the attack, only a fraction of them survived the conditions in which they found themselves. Seaman Smith was one of just over 300 survivors, and had to survive for nearly four days in shark-infested waters rely-ing on few food rations before being rescued. As an Army veteran myself, I extend my most sincere gratitude and appreciation to James and his shipmates for their service, and offer my condolences to the families of the sailors lost at sea. With the wreckage having recently been located on August 19th of this year, it is yet another reminder of their incred-ible sacrifice, and gives us an opportunity to recognize them for taking on a mission that was so important to ending World War II. I was proud to join Congressman BISHOP  last week in introducing legislation that would authorize the Congressional Gold Medal to be awarded to the crew of the U.S.S. Indianapolis in recognition of their perseverance, their brav-ery and their service to our nation. I am for-ever grateful to the men and women who serve our great nation, especially to those who make the ultimate sacrifice in order to protect our freedom. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—SUSAN SCHWARTZ 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Susan Schwartz of Vacaville, California, who is passionate about helping young people grow, helping small businesses prosper, and helping in the community. Susan is known as the ‘‘volunteer extraordinaire’’ at the Vacaville Neighborhood Boys and Girls Club where she lives by the motto ‘‘children don’t care how much you know, until they know how much you care.’’ Her genuine con-cern for the club youth is evident in everything she does which earned her recognition as the organization’s 2013 Volunteer of the Year and the 2016 Champions for Children Award by the Solano Kids Insurance Program. Ms. Schwartz has launched multiple projects at the club to include the Holiday Give Back for toys and donations for the needy, as well as the Garden Project that helps teach, grow, prepare, and consume meals from grown for themselves as well as the needy and home-less. Susan has taken her advocacy for children, and expanded it into the community by work-ing as the driving force in a group to bring the Miss Representation Project to Solano County. Partnering with the Kroc Center and Brenden Theater, she helped sponsor the showing of the films The Miss Representation Project and The Mask You Live In. Ms. Schwartz’s com-mitment to service has brought these films that raise awareness of gender stereotypes, and help young people better understand the issues we all face to over three hundred chil-dren and their parents. 
f 
HONORING LIBERTY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Petaluma’s Liberty Elementary School for its selection as a 2017 National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07NO8.009 E07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1526 November 7, 2017 
Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Chosen for its exemplary high per-formance, as measured by state and national assessments, Liberty Elementary School was one of 342 schools to attain this honor from across the nation and one of only 25 schools selected from California. This highly competi-tive award reflects outstanding achievement and the highest caliber of professional service, family commitment, and community engage-ment. With 219 students across seven grades, Liberty Elementary School offers comprehen-sive educational programs that academically challenge and instill a joy of learning in its stu-dents while ensuring that all children have the skills and knowledge to reach their full poten-tial. Mr. Speaker, this hard-earned distinction re-flects true community success. From the stu-dents and their families, to the staff and ad-ministrators, and the extended community, Liberty Elementary School has developed an education model for the state and the nation: empowering today’s students to be tomorrow’s problem-solvers, inventors, and pioneers. Please join me in congratulating Liberty Ele-mentary School on this impressive achievement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NANCY AND GARY STEWART, AND THEIR SHOP, SANDWICH DEPOT, A CON-CORD INSTITUTION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nancy and Gary Stewart, the owners of Sandwich Depot in my hometown of Concord, New Hampshire. Through hard work and dedication, Nancy and Gary, along with their employees, created a truly special place in our community. Sandwich Depot opened for business over 28 years ago. In the time since, they have turned an inconspicuous building on the side of Hall Street into one of the best sandwich shops in the state. Over the years, a lot has changed in Concord, but one thing has re-mained the same: if you want a world-class breakfast or lunch, you can find it at the Sand-wich Depot. Gary has an uncanny ability to re-member customers’ names, and his warm smile and humor make any visitor feel wel-come. Nancy cooks and assembles sand-wiches that leave everyone full and satisfied. The shop is covered in historic pictures of Concord and local antique signs, which add to the sense that the Depot is a uniquely Con-cord institution. My family, friends, and staff—as well as ev-eryone in the Concord community—will all miss the Sandwich Depot, but we are con-fident that Nancy and Gary will continue to make wonderful contributions to the Concord area in the years to come. 2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—SUSAN SCOTT HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Susan Scott of Marysville, California, who has dedicated her life to help-ing children. In her 26 years of service to the Marysville Joint Unified School District, Ms. Scott performed many duties, from outreach, to attendance, to working as a school librarian. In every role, she demonstrated her devotion to children and their education. Ms. Scott has a strong understanding and appreciation of the role schools play in the growth and develop-ment of students. In keeping with her dedication to her com-munity’s education system, Ms. Scott ran for a position on the Marysville Joint Unified School District Board of Trustees. She was elected by an overwhelming majority, becoming the first African American woman elected in Yuba County. Ms. Scott’s community recognized her commitment to making a difference in the lives of children and voted to have her continue her work. Ms. Scott’s dedication to helping children does not stop at her workplace. She has fos-tered over 25 children in her home, helping to ensure that children have a safe and wel-coming home in a time of need. Ms. Scott also sponsors a charitable program, ‘‘To Tanzania With Love,’’ which provides financial assist-ance to an orphanage in Tanzania. Whether in her role as a foster parent, serving her com-munity’s education system, or supporting chil-dren in a developing nation, Ms. Scott has shown her devotion to the betterment of chil-dren’s lives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GUNNERY SERGEANT THOMAS J. SUL-LIVAN, USMC 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize and honor Gun-nery Sergeant Thomas ‘‘Tommy’’ Sullivan of the United States Marine Corps. On Thursday July 16, 2015, a gunman attacked a Naval Re-serve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee. During that senseless act of violence, Gunnery Sergeant Sullivan made the ultimate sacrifice by giving his life to defend his fellow service members. Tommy Sullivan was born and raised in Springfield, Massachusetts. He graduated from Cathedral High School in 1994, and be-came a Marine three years later. His friends and family all attest that Tommy was deter-mined to serve his county since a young age. Over the course of nearly two decades in the military, Tommy survived two tours in Iraq, was awarded two Purple Hearts, and made a lasting impression on all those who served with him. Many have proudly said that he was everything that a Marine should be. He was a natural leader who always kept his composure, and who mentored less experi-enced Marines. Those who served with him recall that after battles he always took the time to talk to everyone under his command, and was never afraid to crack a joke in order to ease the tension. Tommy’s bravery during the attack on that Chattanooga military installation in 2015 will forever be remembered. On that day, he helped more than a dozen of his fellow serv-icemen escape when a gunman opened fire. When he turned back to help two others, he unfortunately lost his life. For his valor, Tommy was posthumously awarded the Lieu-tenant J. Frank Murphy Medal of Valor—an annual award given by the Springfield Vet-erans’ Activities Committee to a resident who risked their lives to save others. His family was also honored with Tommy’s third Purple Heart which was awarded to him for his heroic actions. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to once again honor Gunnery Sergeant Thomas Sul-livan for his courage and service to our coun-try. He was loyal to his family, his friends, and the extraordinary individuals of the Marine Corps and all of our nation’s Armed Forces. To Tommy’s family, please know that the United States of America will never forget his heroism and sacrifice and we are eternally grateful. f 
IN MEMORY OF SERGEANT LA DAVID T. JOHNSON 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Sergeant La David T. Johnson, who was killed in action on Wednesday, October 4, 2017 while defending our nation as part of the 3rd Special Forces Group in Africa. SGT Johnson was a true American hero and our thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family as they mourn the loss of this great man. Enlisting in the United States Army in Janu-ary of 2014, SGT Johnson’s list of accomplish-ments runs long. After completion of Ad-vanced Individual Training, earning the Military occupational specialty 91B Wheeled Vehicle Mechanic, he was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group. He received nu-merous medals, including the Purple Heart and Meritorious Service Medal. Men and women like SGT Johnson rep-resent the best our nation has to offer. His selflessness allows us to enjoy the blessings of liberty that have persevered for well over 200 years. When his country needed him most, he stood ready to answer the call to serve our great nation. Survived by a loving family, our country can never repay the debt we owe to SGT John-son. He was a model citizen and soldier whose legacy will live on forever. He will al-ways be remembered and I will do everything in my power to honor his sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the life of Sergeant La David T. Johnson for his service to God and country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07NO8.012 E07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1527 November 7, 2017 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—TRACEE STACY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Tracee Stacy of Vacaville, California, who is committed to serving her community and devotes her time to helping those who are most vulnerable. Ms. Stacy dedicates her time, talent, and expertise to im-proving the lives of seniors throughout Solano County. She works tirelessly to help particu-larly disadvantaged seniors facing disabilities, isolation, mental illness, and poverty. Ms. Stacy is an integral part of Solano County’s ability to provide services to seniors in need, and her expertise is unparalleled. She is con-tinuously working to make a positive difference for seniors in her community. Ms. Stacy is generous, passionate, dedi-cated, and acts with integrity. She is full of empathy and a fierce advocate for those in need. Ms. Stacy has left an indelible mark on senior services of Solano County, having al-ready dedicated nearly 20 years of service and advocacy to seniors, youth, and Solano County. The positive difference Ms. Stacy has made in her community cannot be overstated. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF MERCHANT’S GROCERY 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the centennial of Merchant’s Grocery. The store has been a cornerstone of community for Culpeper County and is worth taking the time to recognize. The store was founded in 1917 and is one the few stores to make the transition from a Mom and Pop grocery store to a modern food service model without losing the culture and atmosphere that has made it desirable. Merchant’s Grocery has remained unswerv-ing in its care for its customers and employ-ees. Their quality of service is what has al-lowed them to last for 100 years and has kept their customers loyal to their industry. Businesses such as Merchant’s Grocery are a taste of an age gone by. These businesses serve as a reminder of the importance of small businesses and the crucial roles they play within their communities. Merchant’s Grocery has been a servant to Culpeper County, Shenandoah Valley, and the area of Central Virginia for the past 100 years and will continue to be a blessing to its em-ployees and customers alike. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE PUBLIC BROADCASTING ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, since its inception, public broadcasting has truly re-mained both a national and local institution of-fering educational programming for youth, emergency communications, cultural pro-grams, and providing for the unique broad-casting needs of rural and small towns. In fact, more than 170 million Americans rely on pub-lic broadcasting every month. Fifty years ago, the enactment of the Public Broadcasting Act created the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and led to the establish-ment of the Public Broadcasting Service and National Public Radio. Today, I commemorate this law’s 50th anniversary signing and cele-brate the critical services public broadcasting continues to provide as America’s most trust-ed source of news and information. It’s no surprise that an overwhelming major-ity of Americans want to maintain or even in-crease the federal contribution. That’s why Congress, time and time again, has committed to funding public broadcasting through the ap-propriations process. Each federal dollar dedi-cated to public broadcasting leverages six pri-vate dollars, usually voluntary contributions. My colleague, RYANCOSTELLO , and I found-ed the bipartisan Congressional Public Broad-casting Caucus to unite Members of Congress who understand that public broadcasting’s mission is alive, well, and deserving of our support. We’ll continue working to highlight the importance of the service, the needed federal support, and the valuable contributions to our citizenry. 
f 
HONORING LEMONT HIGH SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED A NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lemont High School for being hon-ored with the prestigious 2017 U.S. Depart-ment of Education National Blue Ribbon School Award. The award was conferred under the Exemplary High Performing Schools category. District Superintendent Mary Ticknor, School Principal Eric Michaelsen, administrative staff, and an amazing group of teachers are com-mitted to Lemont High School’s mission for all students to become life-long, independent learners and productive citizens. To further the mission, teachers are afforded the freedom to take risks in the classroom, and the school en-courages project-based learning with real- world applications. In this environment, stu-dents learn that success is open-ended and further educational attainment requires per-sistent hard work and self-improvement. Lemont High School takes pride in pre-paring students for their next steps in edu-cation and future careers. This past school year, Lemont students set two school records with the largest number of students ever to take at least one Advanced Placement exam for college credit and the highest percentage ever of those exams earning a passing score. Lemont High School’s diverse set of accom-plishments, both in and out of the classroom, speaks to the effort the school makes to produce well-rounded young women and men. The U.S. Department of Education estab-lished the National Blue Ribbon Schools Pro-gram in 1982 to recognize public and private schools with high or significantly improved achievement. I am proud that Lemont High School has been honored as one of these ex-ceptional schools. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Lemont High School for this impressive achievement, and recognizing the teachers, administrators, students, parents, and community for the hard work that they have put in to earn this award. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I was absent from the House and missed votes on Tuesday, Oc-tober 31, and Wednesday, November 1, due to a family commitment. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 591; YEA on Roll Call No. 592; YEA on Roll Call No. 593; NAY on Roll Call No. 594; NAY on Roll Call No. 595; YEA on Roll Call No. 596; NAY on Roll Call No. 597; YEA on Roll Call No. 598; and YEA on Roll Call No. 599. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF STAFF SERGEANT BRYAN C. BLACK 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Staff Sergeant Bryan Black, who was killed in action on Wednesday, October 4, 2017 while defending our nation as part of the 3rd Special Forces Group in Africa. SSG Black was a true Amer-ican hero and our thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family as they mourn the loss of this great man. Enlisting in the United States Army in Sep-tember of 2009, SSG Black’s list of accom-plishments runs long. After attending Special Forces Assessment and Selection program, he earned his Green Beret and was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group. He received numerous medals, including the Purple Heart and Meritorious Service Medal. Men and women like SSG Black represent the best our nation has to offer. As a Special Forces Medical Sergeant, he had undergone some of the most intense training our military has and emerged as a leader and role model. His selflessness allows us to enjoy the bless-ings of liberty that have persevered for well over 200 years. When his country needed him most, he stood ready to answer the call to serve our great nation. Leaving behind a wife and two sons, our country can never repay the debt we owe to SSG Black. He was a model citizen and sol-dier whose legacy will live on forever. He will always be remembered and I will do every-thing in my power to honor his sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the life of Staff Sergeant Bryan C. Black for his service to God and country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07NO8.014 E07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1528 November 7, 2017 
HONORING M CCLURE JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED A NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate McClure Junior High School in Western Springs for receiving the prestigious 2017 U.S. Department of Education National Blue Ribbon School Award. McClure Junior High was recognized under the Exemplary High Performing Schools category. In 1982, the Department of Education estab-lished the National Blue Ribbon Schools Pro-gram to recognize a select group of public and private schools with high or significantly im-proved achievement. I am proud that McClure has been honored as one of those exceptional schools. McClure’s mission statement is ‘‘Be respect-ful, be responsible, and be safe.’’ Principal F. Daniel Chick, his hard-working staff, and the school’s exceptional teachers do a fantastic job perpetuating this motto by encouraging students to help one another and build a foun-dation of respect throughout the school com-munity. After winning a National Blue Ribbon School award in 2010, the staff at McClure and in District 101 continued to strive for suc-cess by developing a Professional Learning Roadmap and undertaking a thorough stra-tegic planning process. McClure has promoted student ownership of their education as well as various other pro-grams to enrich students’ lives and provide for a better school experience. A great partner-ship with parents has also played an essential role in the school’s success. Parent-run orga-nizations such as the Parent Council and the Spirit Club raise funds that directly impact the lives of McClure students. I commend the school for going above and beyond with their offerings for students and I hope that other schools will use them as an outstanding ex-ample to follow. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing McClure Junior High School for this significant achievement and congratulating the teachers, administrators, parents, students and community on a job well done. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not present during Roll Call vote numbers 564, 565, 566, 567 and 568 on October 12, 2017, because of a death in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: on Roll Call no. 564, I would have voted YES; on Roll Call vote no. 565, I would have voted YES; on Roll Call vote no. 566, I would have voted YES; on Roll Call vote no. 567, I would have voted YES; and on Roll Call vote no. 568, I would have voted YES. IN RECOGNITION OF THE ACCOM-PLISHMENTS OF THE NATIONAL COMMITTEE TO PRESERVE SO-CIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE DURING ITS 35TH ANNIVERSARY HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare’s (NCPSSM) 35th anniversary on the day of its Anniversary Open House. NCPSSM has played a critical role in protecting Social Security and Medicare for all Americans. With the passage of Medicare in 1965 under Title XVII of the Social Security Act, our coun-try made a promise that seniors can age with dignity and security after a lifetime of hard work. As with the implementation of any his-toric program, it’s important that there are or-ganizational watchdogs that ensure our gov-ernment makes good on its promise to the American people. There has been no group more committed to protecting the tenets of So-cial Security and Medicare than NCPSSM over the past 35 years. Founded in 1982 by Congressman James Roosevelt, NCPSSM served as response to proposed changes to Social Security and Medicare during a time when 24/7 news pro-grams did not exist and seniors needed to be informed and mobilized. NCPSSM works side by side with federal, state and local lawmakers to protect and build on the safety net pro-grams that Americans of all ages depend on. Then, as it does now, the Committee provided seniors with a way to organize and make their voices heard by lawmakers as well as writing highly regarded, in depth analysis on Congres-sional legislation and Presidential Executive Orders regarding Social Security, Medicare, and the federal budget. These documents are invaluable in helping everyday Americans un-derstand the real impact that legislation will have on their day to day life. NCPSSM’s efforts have been instrumental in passing bills that better the lives of seniors and that protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2016, the Committee and its members fought hard to pass the ‘‘Older Americans Re-authorization Act of 2016’’ which funds critical services that keep older adults healthy and independent, including job training, senior cen-ters, benefits enrollment and caregiver sup-port. Additionally, the Committee continues to encourage Americans from all corners of the country to participate in petitions, surveys and phone banking, with a total of over 90 million petitions and letters sent to Congress and the President to date. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the National Committee to Pre-serve Social Security and Medicare and its 35 years of success. Their advocacy has influ-enced legislation that protects the programs seniors and hardworking Americans depend on. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained due to a medical appoint-ment. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 607, and Yea on Roll Call No. 608. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SERGEANT FIRST CLASS JEREMIAH JOHNSON 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Sergeant First Class Jeremiah Johnson, who was killed in action on Wednesday, October 4, 2017 while defending our nation as part of the 3rd Special Forces Group in Africa. SFC Johnson was a true American hero and our thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family as they mourn the loss of this great man. Enlisting in the United States Army in Octo-ber of 2007, SFC Johnson’s list of accomplish-ments runs long. He received numerous med-als, including the Purple Heart and Meritorious Service Medal. Men and women like SFC Johnson rep-resent the best our nation has to offer. As a Chemical, Biological Radiological and Nuclear Specialist, he had undergone some of the most specialized training in our military and emerged as a leader and role model. His self-lessness allows us to enjoy the blessings of liberty that have persevered for well over 200 years. When his country needed him most, he stood ready to answer the call to serve our great nation. Leaving behind a wife and two girls, our country can never repay the debt we owe to SFC Johnson. He was a model citizen and soldier whose legacy will live on forever. He will always be remembered and I will do ev-erything in my power to honor his sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the life of Sergeant First Class Jeremiah Johnson for his service to God and country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 7, 2017 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 607; YEA on Roll Call No. 608; and NAY on Roll Call No. 609. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07NO8.020 E07NOPT1
D1182 Tuesday, November 7, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7033–S7069 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2083–2093, and S. Res. 322–323.
                                                       Page S7062 
Measures Reported: S. 171, to reauthorize and amend the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commis-sioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, to reauthorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–181) Report to accompany S. 2010, to extend the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 for 8 years. (S. Rept. No. 115–182)
                                                                       Page S7061 
Measures Passed: Federal Agency Customer Experience Act: Senate passed S. 1088, to require the collection of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
             Page S7066 
Daines (for McCaskill) Amendment No. 1580, of a perfecting nature.
                                           Pages S7067–68 
National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act: Sen-ate passed S. 1015, to require the Federal Commu-nications Commission to study the feasibility of des-ignating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S7069 
Robb Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.
                                   Pages S7054–55 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 51 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 265), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7054 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednes-day, November 8, 2017; and that all time during re-cess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader re-marks count post-cloture on the nomination.                                                                                             Page S7069 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 91 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. EX. 262), John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense. 
                                                                      Pages S7035–38, S7069 
By 51 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 264), Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attorney General.
            Pages S7038–54, S7069 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 51 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 263), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                   Pages S7038, S7069 
David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Communications and Infor-mation.
                                                            Pages S7056, S7069 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7060 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7060 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7060–61 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7061 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S7061–62 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7062–64 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7064–66 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7058–60 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S7066 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7066 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7066 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—265)
                                     Pages S7037–38, S7053–54 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:24 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, November 8, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7069.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07NO7.REC D07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1183 November 7, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army, Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Joseph Kernan, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence, and Guy B. Roberts, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Defense. NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Robert Behler, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation, Dean L. Winslow, of Delaware, to be an Assistant Secretary, Thomas B. Modly, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, and James F. Geurts, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Depart-ment of Defense, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported S. 1591, to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. INTERNET OF THINGS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Communications, Technology, Innova-tion, and the Internet concluded a hearing to exam-ine advancing the Internet of Things in rural Amer-ica, after receiving testimony from Michael P. Adcock, University of Mississippi Medical Center, Jackson; David Armitage, Cartasite, Denver, Colo-rado; Timothy Hassinger, Lindsay Corporation, Omaha, Nebraska; Michael Terzich, Zebra Tech-nologies, Lincolnshire, Illinois; and Angela Siefer, National Digital Inclusion Alliance, Columbus, Ohio. NORTH KOREA’S CYBER CAPABILITIES Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on North Korea’s cyber capabilities and United States policy response from Robert L. Strayer, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Cyber and International Communications and Information Policy; and an official of the intelligence community. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, who was introduced by Representative Sensenbrenner, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, after the nomi-nees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nomination of John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Committee recessed subject to the call. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 31 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4263–4293; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res 90; and H. Res. 608, 610, 611, were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H8595–97 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H8598 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1133, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for pur-poses of conducting a transplant procedure for a vet-eran, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–393); H.R. 2123, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care profes-sionals to treat veterans through the use of telemedi-cine, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–394); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07NO7.REC D07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1184 November 7, 2017 
H.R. 2601, to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve the ac-cess of veterans to organ transplants, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–395); H.R. 3634, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that individuals may access docu-mentation verifying the monthly housing stipend paid to the individual under the Post-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs (H. Rept. 115–396); H.R. 3705, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to require the use of certified mail and plain language in certain debt collection activities, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–397); H.R. 3949, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approv-ing agencies for multi-State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–398); H.R. 1900, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Museum, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–399, Part 1); H.R. 4173, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–400); and H. Res. 609, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2201) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registration requirements of such Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–401).
                            Page H8595 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Weber to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8525 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:51 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H8531 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Chaplain Michael J. Halyard, South Texas Veterans Health Care System, San Antonio, TX.
                                                                           Pages H8531–32 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 225 yeas to 184 nays with 3 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 612. 
                                                                      Pages H8532, H8544–45 
Gold Star Family Support and Installation Ac-cess Act of 2017: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 3897, to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of the Gold Star Installation Access Card to the sur-viving spouse, dependent children, and other next of kin of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving on certain active or reserve duty, and to ensure that a remarried surviving spouse with de-pendent children of the deceased member remains el-igible for installation benefits to which the surviving spouse was previously eligible.                           Page H8545 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Veterans Crisis Line Study Act of 2017: H.R. 3911, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to risk-based examinations of Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations, by a 2/ 3 yea-and-nay vote of 389 yeas to 32 nays, Roll No. 615;
                                                             Pages H8545–47, H8581 
Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans: H.R. 2148, amended, to amend the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act to clarify capital requirements for certain acquisition, development, or construction loans; 
                                                                                    Pages H8547–50 
Veteran Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act: H.R. 918, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to furnish mental health care to certain former members of the Armed Forces who are not otherwise eligible to receive such care;
                        Pages H8550–53 
Veterans Transplant Coverage Act of 2017: H.R. 1133, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran;
                                                               Pages H8553–54 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant proce-dure for a veteran, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H8554 
National Veterans Memorial and Museum Act: H.R. 1900, amended, to designate the Veterans Me-morial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the Na-tional Veterans Memorial and Museum; 
                                                                                    Pages H8554–56 
Veterans E-Health and Telemedicine Support Act of 2017: H.R. 2123, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of telemedicine;
                                                        Pages H8556–58 
Veterans Increased Choice for Transplanted Or-gans and Recovery Act of 2017: H.R. 2601, amend-ed, to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act of 2014 to improve the access of veterans to organ transplants;
                      Pages H8558–60 
Securing Electronic Records for Veterans’ Ease Act of 2017: H.R. 3634, to amend title 38, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07NO7.REC D07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1185 November 7, 2017 
States Code, to ensure that individuals may access documentation verifying the monthly housing sti-pend paid to the individual under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and
                                  Pages H8560–61 
Veterans Apprenticeship and Labor Opportunity Reform Act: H.R. 3949, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designa-tion of State approving agencies for multi-State ap-prenticeship programs for purposes of the edu-cational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                 Pages H8562–63 
Save Local Business Act: The House passed H.R. 3441, to clarify the treatment of two or more em-ployers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 614.
                                                      Pages H8566–81 
Rejected the Bonamici motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Education and the Work-force with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with amendments, by a yea- and-nay vote of 186 yeas to 235 nays, Roll No. 613. 
                                                                                    Pages H8579–80 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                  Page H8566 
H. Res. 607, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 3043) and (H.R. 3441) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 611, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 610.
                                                                Pages H8535–44 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017: H.R. 3705, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to require the use of certified mail and plain language in certain debt collection activities; and 
                                                                                    Pages H8561–62 
Veterans Crisis Line Study Act of 2017: H.R. 4173, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line.
                                                                         Pages H8563–66 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H8534–35. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8543, H8543–44, H8544, H8580, H8580–81, and H8581. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:38 p.m. Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft, Energy Star Reform Act of 2017 and H.R. 3477, Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SUSTAINABLE HOUSING FINANCE, PART III Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sus-tainable Housing Finance, Part III’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING FEDERAL RESERVE REFORM PROPOSALS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Reserve Reform Proposals’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. DEMOCRACY AND GOVERNANCE IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Democracy and Governance in the Middle East and North Africa’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. RUSSIA: COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNER OR FANNING THE FLAMES? Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Sub-committee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Russia: Counterterrorism Partner or Fanning the Flames?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HOW EFFECTIVE IS THE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE?: STAKEHOLDER PERSPECTIVES Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘How Effective is the Science and Technology Directorate?: Stakeholder Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from Timothy Rice, Battalion Chief, Weapons of Mass Destruction Branch Coordinator, City of New York Fire Depart-ment; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07NO7.REC D07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1186 November 7, 2017 
EXAMINING ANTI-SEMITISM ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Anti-Semitism on Col-lege Campuses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY AND THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SYSTEM Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sovereign Immunity and the Intellectual Property System’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING CHALLENGES IN PUERTO RICO’S RECOVERY AND THE ROLE OF THE FINANCIAL OVERSIGHT AND MANAGEMENT BOARD Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Challenges in Puerto Rico’s Recovery and the Role of the Financial Over-sight and Management Board’’. Testimony was heard from Natalie Jaresko, Executive Director, Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico; Noel Zamot, Revitalization Coordinator, Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico; and Angel Pe´rez Otero, Mayor, Guaynabo, Puerto Rico. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on legis-lation to distribute revenues from oil and gas leasing on the outer Continental Shelf to certain coastal States, to require sale of approved and scheduled off-shore oil and gas leases, to establish offshore wind lease sale requirements, and to empower States to manage the development and production of oil and gas on available Federal land, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Lynn Helms, Director, North Dakota Industrial Commission, Department of Mineral Resources; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 995, the ‘‘21st Century Respect Act’’; H.R. 1532, the ‘‘Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act’’; H.R. 1800, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Fed-eral space and defense programs; H.R. 2504, to en-sure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms; H.R. 2907, the ‘‘Planning for American Energy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3469, to designate the bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (com-monly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’; H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’; H.R. 4239, the ‘‘SECURE American Energy Act’’; and S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. MICRO OFFERING SAFE HARBOR ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for H.R. 2201. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in the bill. The rule makes in order only the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling and Representative Maxine Waters of California. INVESTING IN SMALL BUSINESSES: THE SBIC PROGRAM Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Investing in Small Businesses: The SBIC Program’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee con-tinued a markup on H.R. 1, the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1693, to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07NO7.REC D07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1187 November 7, 2017 Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking, S. 1668, to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’, and the nominations of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Trans-portation Safety Board, Raymond Martinez, of New Jer-sey, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the De-partment of Transportation, and Leon A. Westmoreland, of Georgia, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Di-rectors; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine protecting consumers in the era of major data breaches, 9:45 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Envi-ronmental Quality, and Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to receive a closed briefing on a readout of Ambassador Haley’s recent trip to Africa, 3 p.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to en-hance protections of Native American tangible cultural heritage, and S. 465, to provide for an independent out-side audit of the Indian Health Service, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the impact of lawsuit abuse on American small businesses and job creators, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation; and Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Close to Home: How Opioids are Impacting Communities’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘MACRA and Alternative Pay-ment Models: Developing Options for Value-based Care’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Administration Priorities for the International Financial Institutions’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Financial Intelligence and Enforcement: Treasury’s Role in Safeguarding the American Financial System’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Plan for Afghanistan and Pakistan: Objectives and Re-sources’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Effectiveness of the Kingpin Designation Act in the Western Hemisphere’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing the Next Attack: TSA’s Role in Keeping Our Transportation Systems Secure’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3989, the ‘‘USA Liberty Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 170, the ‘‘Protect and Grow American Jobs Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, con-tinue markup on H.R. 995, the ‘‘21st Century Respect Act’’; H.R. 1532, the ‘‘Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act’’; H.R. 180, to direct the Sec-retary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to fa-cilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense programs; H.R. 2504, to ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms; H.R. 2907, the ‘‘Planning for American En-ergy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3469, to designate the bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’; H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’; H.R. 4239, the ‘‘SECURE American Energy Act’’; and S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Mov-ing the American Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem: Chal-lenges and Opportunities’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Energy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Geoengineering: Innovation, Research, and Technology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hiring More Heroes: A Review of SBA’s Office of Veterans Business Development’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4242, the ‘‘VA Care in the Community Act’’, and H.R. 4243, the ‘‘VA Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-tled ‘‘A Review of the Interagency Transition Assistance Program and the Need for Enhanced Outcome Measure-ments’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07NO7.REC D07NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1188 November 7, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, November 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, November 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 3043—Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017. Consideration of H.R. 2201—Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1527 Brat, Dave, Va., E1527 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1522 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1524 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1523 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’, Ark., E1522 Delaney, John K., Md., E1524 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E1528 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1528 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1528 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E1521 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1522, E1523, E1523, E1523, E1524, E1524, E1525, E1525, E1526, E1527 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1522 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1527 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1525, E1526, E1527, E1528 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1524, E1525 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1526 Langevin, James R., R.I., E1528 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1524, E1527, E1528 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1526 Polis, Jared, Colo., E1523 Roe, David P., Tenn., E1525 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1523 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1521 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1522 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Nov 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07NO7.REC D07NOPT1