Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Bob Allison for his outstanding career in Michigan broadcast media and community activism. For the past 55 years, Mr. Allison has brought joy to countless households through his ‘‘Ask Your Neighbor’’ radio program and work in the Detroit community. In February 1962, Mr. Allison launched his ‘‘Ask Your Neighbor’’ program on WWJ–AM in Detroit, Michigan, and the program quickly became a staple of southeast Michigan culture. A light and conversational radio program, ‘‘Ask Your Neighbor’’ is a twohour callin show featuring area residents sharing recipes, helpful tips and community news moderated by Mr. Allison. The program is wellknown as a civil forum that brings listeners together, with Mr. Allison receiving acclaim for his polite and genial rapport with callers. In addition, Mr. Allison also hosted ‘‘Bowling for Dollars’’, a popular game show in the 1970s that awarded prizes based on contestants’ performance in a game of bowling. He is also known for his work and involvement with charitable causes in the Detroit community. An accomplished pianist, Mr. Allison has performed at local service club meetings, weddings and other events. He and his wife, Maggie, have also generously underwritten many charitable endeavors and nonprofits, including donations to Wayne State University’s Department of Dance and local healthcare organizations. Mr. Allison’s career and work have helped shape the direction of Detroit culture and played an important role in the city’s development. His kind demeanor and involvement with local organizations have made him beloved figure, and he is wellknown among the community for his philanthropic work. He continues to serve as a host of ‘‘Ask Your Neighbor’’, which remains popular among Detroit area listeners. He has been a strong voice for the city and its residents, it is my hope that he remains engaged in the community in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Bob Allison for his career in media and involvement with Detroitarea nonprofit and charitable organizations. Mr. Allison has impacted countless lives through his work. IN RECOGNITION OF UPPER MERION SENIOR SERVICE CENTER ON THEIR 20TH ANNIVERSARY HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the Upper Merion Senior Service Center of King of Prussia, PA for its twentieth anniversary. Caring for our senior citizens is a challenging yet immensely rewarding experience to which those at UMSSC have dedicated their lives. The Center enables seniors in the Seventh District to live life to the fullest. They facilitate activities that allow seniors to engage in physical, educational, and recreational activities. This social environment and steadfast care helps seniors enjoy their retirement and stay healthy. I hope UMSSC continues to provide their services for many years to come. The senior citizens of our district deserve the best care we can provide and UMSSC is a treasured place that does just that. I congratulate UMSSC for their twenty years of service to our community, and I wish them well in their efforts to provide top quality care for Upper Merion area seniors. 
IN RECOGNITION OF PASTOR PHILLIP L. FERRELL FOR HIS 25 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE SOUTHEAST MICHIGAN COMMUNITY 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor Phillip L. Ferrell for his 25 years as Pastor of the Mt. Hermon Baptist Church in Belleville, Michigan. Pastor Ferrell has provided important spiritual leadership and community assistance during his decades of service. A lifelong resident of southeast Michigan, Pastor Ferrell has been a strong voice for justice and recognized leader in the community. He gave his first sermon in 1990 and served under Rev. Garther Roberson Jr. in the Mount Olive Baptist Church in Ypsilanti, Michigan, as an Associate Pastor until 1992. In June 1992, Pastor Ferrell was named as Pastor of the Mt. Hermon Baptist Church, where he has served since. Throughout his tenure, Pastor Ferrell has distinguished himself as a pillar of the southeast Michigan community. In addition to serving as a spiritual leader through his work with the church, Pastor Ferrell has been involved with nonprofits as a member of the Washtenaw County Literacy Council, which provides tutoring and books for needy children, as well as the local branch of the NAACP. These efforts have helped provide important aid to area residents in need. Pastor Ferrell’s leadership has helped create a vibrant and thriving community in southeast Michigan. He is well regarded among his peers, having served as President of the Ministers’ Alliance of Ypsilanti, Ann Arbor and Vicinity. In this position, Pastor Ferrell helped promote unity and social justice by leading a group of ministers based in southeast Michigan in coordinating their outreach and efforts to address issues facing the region. He currently serves as Treasurer for the organization and continues to remain active in a number of other charitable causes and religious groups. He has been an effective advocate in the ministry and in the community, and it is my hope that Pastor Ferrell continues to serve as a leader and remain engaged with these causes in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Pastor Phillip Ferrell for his 25 years as Pastor of the Mt. Hermon Baptist Church. Pastor Ferrell’s religious leadership and activism have impacted countless lives. f 
HONORING THE NATIONAL SOCIETY DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution, Sarah Barton Murphy Chapter, as they celebrate their 62nd Anniversary in Farmington, Missouri. The chapter is an incredible asset to the community, especially as they commemorate the 130th Anniversary of U.S. Constitution Week, September 17 through 23, 2017. To help preserve our American heritage through this national observance, the Sarah Barton Murphy Chapter encourages 5th grade students in St. Francois County to participate in ‘‘Ring Bells for Freedom.’’ They promote county library displays and books on Colonial founders to help residents retrace the American story. The Chapter asks all residents of St. Francois County to study our nation’s birth through the events that led to the drafting of the Constitution and its signing on September 17, 1787. The Sarah Barton Murphy Chapter of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution works tirelessly to keep their communities aware of America’s amazing heritage. I am honored to recognize the chapter today before the United States House of Representatives. 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT CUNNINGHAM JR. FOR HIS OUTSTANDING CAREER WITH THE DEARBORN FIRE DEPARTMENT 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Robert Cunningham Jr. for his distinguished career with the Dearborn Fire Department. For the past 25 years, Mr. Cunningham has served the City of Dearborn and its residents with distinction. As the Battalion Chief for the Dearborn Fire Department, Mr. Cunningham oversees the operation of several fire stations and fire companies that serve the City of Dearborn as well as nearby Melvindale. As a key member of the 140–man department, Mr. Cunningham helped coordinate the response to fires and other emergencies, and served as a liaison between the department and the communities in which it operates. Throughout his career, Mr. Cunningham established a reputation as a dedicated and welcoming presence in the community, and is well known among his peers for his leadership and expertise. He has received multiple commendations for his service, including a Certificate of Special Recognition for going above and beyond the call of service, as well as multiple Meritorious Company Commendations and Fire Chief Unit Life Saving Awards for his actions in the line of duty. Mr. Cunningham’s work with the Dearborn Fire Department played a key role in protecting the health and safety of the residents of Dearborn and surrounding communities. As a leader in the department, Mr. Cunningham helped the firefighters handle an increasing number of calls for service throughout his tenure, including 15,000 in 2016 alone. His courageous actions throughout his career helped save lives while safeguarding his fellow firefighters and emergency responders. Mr. Cunningham’s career and actions embody the values of public service, and he will be missed as he retires from his current position. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Robert Cunningham Jr. for his career with the Dearborn Fire Department. Mr. Cunningham’s work has helped save lives and make Dearborn a safe place to live and work. 
The Senate met at 7:00:01 a.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 7:00:32 a.m. until 11:30 a.m., on Friday, August 25, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 2 public bills, H.R. 3663–3664 were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Goodlatte to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. William Gurnee, St. Joseph’s on Capitol Hill, Washington, DC.
Health Information Technology Advisory Committee—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the Health Information Technology Advisory Committee: Mr. Arien Malec of Oakland, California.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 9:02 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11:30 a.m., Friday, August 25 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Friday, August 25 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
HOUSE Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1143, E1143, E1144 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1143 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1143 