Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, I welcomed Emily Carlson to the Capitol as my guest to President Trump’s address to Congress. Emily comes from a rural town called Abingdon, Illinois. She is the co owner of a small familyowned business, and her husband, Kevin, is a farmer. Like a lot of hardworking Midwesterners, they don’t want a handout; they just want a fair shot at success. But 17 years ago, all of that was put at risk when Emily was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, which is a chronic and expensive disease to treat, and she will have this the rest of her life. They could barely afford the most basic care for Emily because she was in the high risk pool in the State of Illinois. Too often the Carlsons literally had to vacillate between affording Emily’s medication or going deeper into debt. However, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, life has been much better for the Carlsons. Today their family of four has much better coverage, and it costs much less. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s repeal wouldn’t just undermine Emily’s health; it would devastate their family’s economic security, along with those of many families throughout our Nation. Instead, let’s work together to keep what is working and fix what is not. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF ARMY SERGEANT ROBERT SHANE PUGH (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled today to rise in memory of Army Sergeant Robert Shane Pugh. He made the ultimate sacrifice while defending our Nation on March 2, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. He was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 155th Infantry Regiment, Mississippi Army National Guard, headquartered in McComb, Mississippi. Sergeant Pugh, a combat medic, was mortally wounded when an IED detonated near his vehicle near Iskandariya, Iraq, also wounding Sergeant First Class Ellis Martin. Sergeant Pugh posthumously received the Silver Star, the third highest award for valor, as well as the Bronze Star, Purple Heart, and Mississippi Medal of Valor. 
Sergeant Pugh’s Silver Star citation reads: ‘‘Although in extreme pain, Sergeant Pugh directed treatment instructions to the members of his platoon for both himself and Sergeant First Class Martin. Sergeant Pugh passed away en route to the hospital; however, his courage and disregard for his own welfare resulted in saving the life of a fellow comrade who was severely wounded.’’ Sergeant Pugh’s mother, Ms. Wilma Allen, said her son was her pride and joy, that he was happy, outstanding, and outgoing. Ms. Wilma said Sergeant Pugh would do anything for anyone. In a fitting tribute to this brave and caring soldier, the National Guard Readiness Center in Morton, Mississippi, has been named in his honor Sergeant Pugh is survived by his parents, Glen and Wilma Pugh; his stepfather, Gary Allen; and his siblings, Tiffany Johnson, April Pearson, Jennifer Reed, Brad Allen, and Dale Allen. Stand fast, Mississippi. Stand fast, Sergeant Pugh. Stand fast. I have also honored fallen Mississippi soldiers Private Barry Wayne Mayo, Sergeant William Seth Ricketts, and Corporal Robert Taylor McDavid III this week. 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF U.S. CITIZENSHIP FOR THE PEOPLE OF PUERTO RICO (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, a century ago today, a Federal law granted U.S. citizenship to individuals born in Puerto Rico. Island residents have made countless contributions to this country in times of peace and war, serving with exceptional valor in our Armed Forces. The bonds between Puerto Rico and Florida are unbreakable. The State is home to over 1 million Puerto Ricans, with most living in central Florida. Puerto Rico is going through difficult times, and I am determined to help the Island get back on its feet. The main reason Puerto Rico is struggling is because, as a territory, it is treated unequally under Federal law. I support equal treatment for Puerto Rico because I oppose second class citizenship. Ultimately, I believe Puerto Rico should discard its territory status and become a State or a sovereign nation. The choice lies with the people of Puerto Rico. However, my personal hope is that they will choose statehood so that they have full voting rights and full equality. Puerto Ricans have earned the right to become first class citizens of the Nation they have served with honor. 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF PLACER COUNTY SHERIFF ED BONNER (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize the service, and now the retirement, of our good friend from Placer County, Sheriff Ed Bonner, after 42 years of dedicated service to northern California and Placer County and its sheriff’s department. Many would talk about creating a family atmosphere at work, but few truly achieve it. Ed Bonner made the families of his officers and his staff a priority. He is with them in the best of times and in the worst, from the joy of the births of their children, or marriages, to the family tragedies, which indeed have been felt by the deputies and the brothers and the sisters of Placer County. In his 22year career as a sheriff, he has earned the respect and admiration of Placer County and many others throughout the State of California. He graduated from Cal Berkeley, and has earned the respect of so many. He had a bachelor of arts in criminology, and earned a master’s degree in management science at Cal Poly, Pomona. Before his law enforcement days, Ed Bonner was a gifted athlete who excelled at track and field, where he still holds multiple State high school records. At the University of California, he became the first 4year letterman for track and field in the school’s history. After a distinguished career, which included serving as president of the California State Sheriffs’ Association, Sheriff Bonner’s skills as a law enforcement administrator will be greatly missed by all of us in the community. Now is time, though, for a muchdeserved retirement which he can spend with his loving wife, Jeannie, his family, and his friends. It has been such a pleasure to work with him. Indeed, the rigors of travel from the East Coast to the West Coast don’t allow me to spend the kind of time I would like to with a good friend like Ed Bonner, but I wish him the best. I know he will have a good time in retirement, and I will see him around. 
WE NEED A BUDGET THAT SERVES THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as we begin the process that comes as a responsibility of this House, and that is, overseeing the President’s budget and designing a budget to serve the American people, I am raising the question of the baffling budget that seems to be emerging from the White House. The plusup and elimination of sequester on the defense spending may be worth considering. I, frankly, believe we should remove the sequester on discretionary spending. But what is being proposed is that the plusup of $54 billion will be taken out of the needs, the hearts, and minds of the American people. The EPA will be gutted, so there will be no staff to oversee clean water and clean air, of which so many counties and cities, like Flint and my own community of Harris County, are in desperate need of. What will happen to housing for senior citizens and young families? Gutted because the Department of Housing and Urban Development will see a drastic cut. Or Health and Human Services that helps to sponsor federally qualified health clinics and the complete elimination of the Affordable Care Act, which will bust the budget. Medicaid, civil rights, and the prevention of hate crimes; the Justice Department gutted and, as well, as Attorney General Sessions has already done, not preventing voter fraud or voter discrimination. Mr. Speaker, we need a budget that serves the American people. That is the kind of budget that I will be looking to support. f 
HONORING CARL LAMM ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a North Carolina legend as he celebrates his 90th birthday this week. Mr. Carl Lamm, who many know as ‘‘the Voice of Johnston County,’’ has been a pioneer of the country music radio scene since 1946. ‘‘Mr. Carl,’’ as he is known, has been a disc jockey and coowner of WMPM AM in Smithfield, North Carolina, since 1958, where he plays a lively mix of bluegrass, Southern gospel, and old time country. His daily programming is revered by tens of thousands throughout Johnston County, North Carolina, and all across the Nation. In the seven decades Carl has been on the air, he has brought some of the greatest musicians, top athletes, and national political figures into our homes and businesses through radio to discuss current events, politics, our Creator, and much more. Mr. Carl has witnessed the evolution of radio from the glory days of the Grand Ole Opry to the digital age of the 21st century. To say that Mr. Carl Lamm is a radio legend is an understatement. Carl Lamm, thank you for everything you have done for our State and for our country. Again, happy birthday. 
EMPLOYEE APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. PRICE of North Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, March 3, is Employee Appreciation Day; and since we 
won’t be in session, I rise today to register my appreciation for the staff members who allow me to serve the people of the Fourth District of North Carolina. The current political and media environment is not always an easy one for congressional staff to operate in, yet, every year, the staffers working in my North Carolina district offices help thousands of constituents navigate Federal agencies. They reach out to local businesses, governments, and other organizations, and help constituents access needed support. In Washington, D.C., our office staff researches thousands of pieces of legislation. They help me communicate with hundreds of thousands of constituent communications, and help welcome constituents to Washington. And they join me in meetings with constituent groups and local and State representatives and universities and businesses—every imaginable group. So the list of tasks is long, but all of them help ensure that the people of the Fourth District of North Carolina have a voice in the people’s House. Simply put, these staff members that serve all of us represent the very best of public service. I and the people of North Carolina are grateful for their service. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of their dedication and diligence, I would like to include in the CONGRESSIONAL  RECORD the names of each of my staff currently employed in my office: Nadia Alston, Katelynn Anderson, Sonia Barnes, Nora Blalock, Bayly Hassell, Asher Hildebrand, James Hunter, Lawrence Kluttz, Tracy Lovett, Sean Maxwell, Neel Mandavilli, Dave Russell, Samantha Schifrin, Anna Tilghman, Justin Wein, Leigh Whittaker, and Robyn Winneberger. I am grateful, Mr. Speaker, for the effort that these staff members continue to put forth and for the opportunity that Employee Appreciation Day gives me and others to honor their service. 
HONORING THE 23RD ANNUAL VERA HOUSE WHITE RIBBON CAMPAIGN (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against domestic violence and sexual abuse. As a former Federal prosecutor for 20 years, I have seen firsthand how domestic violence affects people of all ages, races, religions, and socioeconomic backgrounds. According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, nearly 20 people per minute are physically abused by an intimate partner. We must work together to end this abuse. Central New York is home to Vera House, an organization that works to prevent and respond to domestic and sexual abuse. Yesterday, Vera House kicked off its 23rd Annual White Ribbon Campaign in central New York. This campaign raises awareness for the need to put an end to domestic violence and sexual abuse. This month, thousands of central New Yorkers will be wearing a white ribbon like I have on today, or a white wristband, to stand in solidarity against domestic and sexual violence. I urge my House colleagues to join me in wearing a white ribbon to demonstrate a personal pledge to work towards preventing violence against men, women, and children. f 
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 1004. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KATKO ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 156 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1004. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0916 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1004) to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pending agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1004 is sponsored by Representative TIMWALBERG , my colleague from Michigan. Cosponsors include Representative FARENTHOLD , Representative MEADOWS , Representative G OSAR , and myself. I rise today in support of H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017. Every year, agencies promulgate thousands of new regulations and impose billions of dollars in regulatory costs on the American public. Those rules are conceived of, developed, written, and imposed by unelected agency officials—bureaucrats. In return for the authority to issue regulations, Congress and the American people require two simple things from agencies. First, agencies must inform the public about their intended regulatory actions—early and accurately—to provide ample time for thoughtful feedback and consideration from the public. Second, we want the agencies to listen to what the public has to say about the proposed regulatory action. Making sure the public has an opportunity to participate in this process is key. The public comment period is an essential part of upholding our democratic values. It ensures Americans have a voice heard in the Federal Government’s regulatory process. H.R. 1004 helps preserve and strengthen the integrity of the public comment process in several ways. First, the bill defines the parameters of how an agency should communicate when asking for and offering a proposal and asking for public feedback. H.R. 1004 requires the agency to identify itself in communications on the proposal. Imagine that. We ask them to identify themselves. The agency must clearly state whether it is accepting comments or considering alternatives. Most importantly, agency communications during this process must use a neutral, unbiased tone. This bill requires agencies to do only what you would expect them to do if the request for feedback was genuine and sincere. This bill will uphold the purpose and value of the notice and comment process enshrined in the Administrative Procedures Act. When issuing new regulations, agencies must provide notice of the regulation and accept comments from the public before finalizing the regulation. Often, regulated entities, small businesses, and subjectmatter experts can provide new insights and perspectives agency officials simply do not have and do not understand. The notice and comment period allows the public to provide valuable insight to the agencies to help them make better regulations, more effective regulations, and minimize the adverse impacts. However, not every agency takes this opportunity to really listen to the public. Often, agencies develop a proposed regulation and assume it is the end of the story. In effect, agencies reduce the notice and comment process to checking the box. A perfect example, unfortunately, is when EPA developed the waters of the United States rule, known as WOTUS, EPA’s behavior during the notice and comment period indicated that the EPA had little interest in listening to the public. Quite the contrary. EPA used Thunderclap, an online social media platform, to disseminate governmentsourced messages through unaffiliated individuals to encourage the public to provide positive comments. They did not identify themselves and used a third party to source comments that would support their 
b0930 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for leading this floor debate today. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017. Regardless of the chatter that I believe simply confuses what we want to do in good government, this bill, H.R. 1004, is a good government transparency bill that is simple in nature and seeks to preserve the integrity of the regulatory process; specifically, the public comment period. Whether it is EPA or the Department of Labor or any other agencies or departments, they have their purpose, but they have to follow the law. The public comment period is an essential part of upholding our democratic values because it ensures that Americans will have their voices heard in the Federal Government’s regulatory process. Agencies must take the comment period seriously. Unfortunately, we have seen instances where agencies seem to believe that the regulatory process is simply a perfunctory act that the agency must undertake in order to reach a prearranged outcome. This became abundantly clear during the EPA’s Waters of the U.S., or WOTUS, rulemaking process. During that process, Mr. Chairman, the EPA undertook a campaign to solicit support and artificially inflate the positive reaction to the WOTUS rule. The EPA used the skewed results as evidence of public support. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD two letters coming from the National Association of Home Builders and the Michigan Farm Bureau to attest to this problem. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  HOMEBUILDERS , Washington, DC, February 14, 2017. Hon. TIMOTHY WALBERG , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE WALBERG : On behalf of the 140,000 members of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), I am writing to express NAHB’s strong support for H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017. This legislation would force agencies to follow an open and transparent federal regulatory rulemaking process by making all aspects of a rulemaking publicly available and preventing federal agencies from illegally influencing the public in order to generate support for a rulemaking. Federal agencies are prohibited, by law, from engaging in lobbying, grassroots, and propaganda activities designed to advance a policy agenda. However, in recent rulemakings, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has ignored these restrictions and used social media platforms to perpetuate propaganda campaigns that advance their rulemakings. These actions only support the notion that the agency is not interested in a transparent and fair rulemaking process. An excellent example of this is when the EPA created a social media campaign on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube to counter opposition to its ‘‘Waters of the US’’ rulemaking. The agency concealed the fact that its social media messages were coming from within the EPA and deceptively engaged in lobbying efforts designed to kill legislation that was not favorable to their proposed rulemaking. In December 2015, the Government Accountability Office released a report outlining how the EPA participated in covert propaganda and grassroots lobbying and condemned the agency for violating federal law. Federal agencies must respect and uphold the law, and the passage of H.R. 1004 will help to ensure that federal agencies are not lobbying against America’s small businesses. For these reasons, NAHB urges the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee to support H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017, in order to bring transparency and neutrality to the regulatory process. Thank you for giving consideration to our views. Sincerely, JAMES W. T OBIN III. 
MICHIGAN FARMBUREAU , Lansing, Michigan, February 13, 2017. Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. ELIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ AND RANKING  MEMBER CUMMINGS : Michigan Farm Bureau strongly supports the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017. The bill is a step in the right direction to hold government agencies accountable and for citizens to maintain trust in the government that serves them. Introduced by Rep. Tim Walberg, the bill is scheduled to come before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee later this week. Last year, we heard about an EPA grant being used to fund whatsupstream.com in the state of Washington. This initiative used the following billboard message: ‘‘Unregulated agriculture is putting our waterways at risk’’ to urge the public to contact state elected officials. In a similar campaign, GAO issued a legal opinion that EPA violated federal lobbying laws by funding advocacy efforts on the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule. Michigan farmers are frustrated when they read about federal agencies trying to sway the public in a way that promotes their own proposed rule before all stakeholders have had a chance to weigh in the rule’s merits. These examples only undermine the trust our members place in the agencies meant to serve and protect our citizens. We believe it is critical that Congress pass the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017. We urge all members of the Committee to support this bill. Sincerely, JOHNKRAN, Associate National Legislative Counsel. 
Mr. WALBERG. The nonpartisan Government Accountability Office concluded the EPA overstepped and issued a report saying the EPA violated the law and undertook ‘‘covert propaganda’’ and grassroots lobbying during the process. My bill simply seeks to preserve the spirit and purpose of the regulatory process by simply telling agencies that they need to keep to the facts and not solicit support when they ought to be soliciting constructive comments. H.R. 1004 simply requires an agency to; one, identify itself as the source of information; two, clearly state whether the agency is accepting public comments or considering alternatives; and, three, and most importantly, speak about the regulations in a neutral, unbiased tone. People need to have the confidence that the Federal agencies, regardless of whether it is a Republican or Democrat administration, are open to their insights an constructive criticism. H.R. 1004 will restore the integrity to our regulatory process by ensuring agencies are honestly asking for feedback, constructive criticism, and dialogue about how to improve upon the agency’s existing thoughts, not advocating for a predetermined outcome. Mr. Chairman, this is a bipartisan issue. This bill passed the House last Congress with bipartisan support. In fact, a similar version was offered by my colleague, Representative PETER SONfrom Minnesota, as an amendment to H.R. 5 earlier this year. That amendment was approved with strong bipartisan support. So, once again, I urge my colleagues to support the Regulatory Integrity Act. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, the advocates for the legislation returned to this one single case, which we all agree about. The GAO ruled that the EPA ran afoul of the prohibition on propaganda and on campaigning. So the law worked there. The GAO blew the whistle on that. They shouldn’t be coming out on one side of an issue and running a propaganda campaign. The government should not be engaged in propaganda. We all agree to that. This legislation does something completely different. This legislation, rather than just saying a good day’s work to the GAO for blowing the whistle, it says: Now we are going to tell all the Federal agencies and departments that have been out soliciting public input on all sides of issues, saying there is a regulation that has come up about clean air, about clean water, about food, about drugs, about the disposal of nuclear waste, about radioactive materials, and it tells them you can’t do that anymore. You can’t go out and solicit public input. It places a complete chill on the ability of the government to go out and invite public participation in our government. Why? They keep returning to one case where the GAO blew the whistle where everybody agrees they were out of bounds. A flag was thrown on the play, but now they want to use that in order to essentially impose a gag rule on Federal agencies across the land who are doing our work. The much reviled regulation that the agencies are engaged in is an attempt to flesh out the laws that we pass in this body because we don’t want to be setting all of the particular rules about exactly how many pollutants can be in this water, in this 
stream, in this river, in this creek, and so on, because we are not scientific experts on how many pollutants can be put into the air here and there. So it is delegated to government agencies. But when they go through the Administrative Procedure Act and they have a rule and comment process, they should be able to go out and invite the public to participate. Again, I invite my distinguished and thoughtful colleagues on the other side to cite one other case. Can they cite one case where the GAO did not blow the whistle? Can they cite some other litany of examples where there has been a real problem with government agencies being overzealous where it has not been corrected by the GAO? The silence is deafening. They have used the example of one problem that was caught, that was corrected, in order to try to demolish the ability of Federal agencies to go out and solicit the public’s input. To me, that is a familiar experience now, because I have been in the House of Representatives for just 2 months, and, in the committees I serve on, we continue to vote on bills where we have not had a single public hearing. We are not hearing from any of the groups. I have a letter here objecting to this legislation that has been signed by the AFL–CIO, AFSCME, American Association for Justice, American Association of University Women, Americans for Financial Reform, Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization, Autistic Self Advocacy Network, BlueGreen Alliance, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Consumer Action, Consumer Federation of America, Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety, Demand Progress, Earthjustice, Economic Policy Institute, Environment America, Environmental Working Group, Food & Water Watch, Greenpeace, Homeowners Against Deficient Dwellings, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, International Union of United Automobile, Aerospace, and Agricultural Implement Workers, League of Conservation Voters, National Association of Consumer Advocates, and on and on and on. I would like to have heard from these people in this process, but it seems like all we are getting from the other side is an attempt to have a curtain of darkness fall over all public process. We would like to have hearings. We want groups to be involved. But these people were not invited to testify. They didn’t have a chance to opine on this. Mr. Chair, in general, the problem here is that, rather than making government more transparent, we are making government more opaque. Rather than making government more open, we are making government more closed. Rather than reaching out to the public and inviting it into the rulemaking process, we are shutting the door and closing the blinds on it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, one thing is clear to me, even as a freshman: we need to correct the record here. My colleague from the minority suggests that somehow, magically, the GAO just determined they were the police officer, they cried foul, they stopped them. Let’s be clear about this. First, the GAO intervened because they were asked to do so by Chairman INHOFE . They investigated after the chairman asked them to look into it because of the concerns; not in advance, not because they found it independently, but because it was such a significant and egregious action that the chairman of the committee said: We need to look at this. And they did so. Second, it was after the fact. What they found was that it was so extraordinarily egregious, they actually cited them for inappropriately spending taxpayer money. Now, let’s talk about what they did. We talk about chilling communication. Knowingly, why would you put out something on a social media site such as Thunderclap sourcing messages, not identifying yourself, if for any other purpose but to create propaganda? Why would you do that? H.R. 1004 simply requires—and I will repeat them, because the minority seems to have a problem understanding this—the agency identified itself in its communication on a proposal: hello, this is the EPA. We are talking about this problem. They make clear they are accepting public comments for and against: What do you think about it; what are the problems; will this work? Imagine that concept. They require that agencies provide feedback on the comments that is genuine and sincere and not have already written the final bill—as my colleagues says, the perfunctory process. That is what it requires. I have a difficult time understanding how that chills input from the public. And to be absolutely blunt with you, if it chills a few bureaucrats from deciding what they think is best rather than what this body believes is best, or, frankly, what the courts believe is best, then we have achieved our objective here today. So, again, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I think we are finally having some light here on the subject. My distinguished colleague and fellow freshman from Michigan is most concerned about what did take place in the Waters of the United States case. He praises the GAO for responding to Senator INHOFE ’s inquiry. We all agree that the GAO determined that the EPA ran afoul of existing prohibitions in law on propaganda, on taking a side in an issue. A flag was called on the play and the problem was dealt with. If you find a kid shoplifting a candy bar, and you catch him, you remove him from the store, you tell him not to do it again. You don’t then go pass a law saying that anybody under 18 cannot enter any commercial establishment in the country. The law worked in that specific case. But, you see, they have taken a sledgehammer to a mosquito, and the mosquito was already killed. So now what they are busting up is the ability of agencies across the country simply to use the social media to go out and to solicit and invite public input into the rulemaking process. What are we afraid of? Justice Brandeis said that sunshine is the great disinfectant. We want the public involved. We want the public’s engagement. So, again, I invite my thoughtful colleagues on the other side to cite one case of an agency doing this that was not dealt with by the GAO. I can cite you countless examples of cases where Federal agencies have gone online to invite public input in a completely objective and neutral way. Now we are creating a chill over that process because of this ban on soliciting advocacy from the public on either side of the issue. So I simply don’t get it, and I am puzzled why they continually talk about one case which was happily resolved under existing law. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b0945 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers on the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD several letters opposing the bill. 
COALTION FOR  SENSIBLE SAFEGUARDS , February 28, 2017. Re House floor vote of H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards (CSS), an alliance of over 150 labor, scientific, research, good government, faith, community, health, environmental, and public interest groups, strongly oppose H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act. The bill is a brazen attack on the public’s right to know by micromanaging the type of information that agencies are allowed to communicate to all of us when taking actions to protect the public, our economy, and the environment. An open government that prioritizes democratic public participation requires agencies to be able to effectively convey information to the public and make agency policy positions clear to the public. This bill will make our government less open and less democratic and should therefore be rejected. H.R. 1004 will significantly inhibit federal agencies’ ability to engage and inform the public in a meaningful and transparent way regarding its work on important science based rulemakings that will greatly benefit the public. As a result, the bill will lead to 
decreased public awareness and participation in the rulemaking process in direct contradiction of the Administrative Procedure Act and agencies’ authorizing statutes, which specifically provide for broad stakeholder engagement. Substantial ambiguities in the bill threaten to create uncertainty and confusion among agencies about what public communications are permissible, and thus risks discouraging them from keeping the public apprised of the important work that they do on its behalf. In an era when agencies should be increasingly embracing innovative 21st century communications technologies needed to reach the public, including social media, H.R. 1004 sends exactly the wrong message. The legislation strictly prohibits agencies from issuing ‘‘public communications’’ that ‘‘emphasize the importance’’ of a particular agency action unless the communication has the ‘‘clear purpose of informing the public of the substance or status’’ of the particular action. The legislation applies to a wide swath of regulatory actions including rulemakings, guidance, policy statements, directives and adjudications. While H.R. 1004 assumes that the distinction between informing the public of an agency action and emphasizing the importance of that action is selfevident, in practice the distinction is anything but clear. As a result, agencies are likely to avoid any public communications that risk running afoul of this ambiguous prohibition, no matter how informative the communication might be for the public. For example, various executive orders and statutes compel agencies to conduct cost benefit analysis on their pending rulemakings, and thus to determine whether the rule’s benefits outweigh its costs. As currently written, the Regulatory Integrity Act could potentially prohibit an agency from communicating the results of such an analysis when it concludes that a particular rule generates net benefits. After all, that conclusion is tantamount to declaring that the rule makes society better off on balance. Instead, the agency would likely be forced to simply share the basic information that they had conducted a costbenefit analysis of the regulation without being able to share the further crucial information that the regulation’s benefits exceeded the costs. Given that many of the bill’s sponsors enthusiastically endorse the expanded use of costbenefit analysis in the rulemaking process, these kinds of arbitrary prohibitions on communications concerning costbenefit analysis seem especially peculiar. Agencies would encounter this problematic scenario when deciding to share vital information, such as: How many lives would be saved by a regulation; How much property damage would be averted; How much money consumers would save; and Any of the other myriad public benefits that regulations are designed to provide. The stark absence of any clear brightlines in the legislation delineating what is and what is not prohibited public communications is sure to have a chilling effect on agencies, with the predictable result that agencies will be less willing to share crucial information with the public and that the public will be less informed about government activities. H.R. 1004 also will severely impede, rather than enable, agency use of new communication technologies, most notably social media platforms, to reach the public. Regulatory experts and scholars agree that agencies should be using social media forums and platforms. Agencies will find it difficult, if not impossible, to communicate with the public through social media under H.R. 1004 since the bill prevents any usage of social media that both conveys information about a regulatory action but also promotes the importance of that action. For example, the U.S. Department of Interior operates a Twitter and Instagram account that is very popular with the public because it regularly features photos of beautiful landscapes and wildlife from national parks across the United States. Under the Regulatory Integrity Act, the Department might be prohibited from posting such photos on Twitter and Instagram because they are not solely informational in nature and could be interpreted as promoting the importance of the department’s work in environmental and wildlife preservation. Enactment of H.R. 1004 will lead to less transparency in the government, make it more difficult for agencies to use new communication technologies popular with the public, and generally chill agency communications with the public on important matters due to the lack of any brightline standards for agencies to follow. We strongly urge you to oppose H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act. Sincerely, ROBERT WEISSMAN , President, Public Citizen Chair. 
LEAGUE OF CONSERVATION VOTERS , Washington, DC, February 27, 2017. Re Oppose H.R. 998, 1004, & 1009—Assaults on Environmental Safeguards in the Guise of ‘‘Regulatory Reform.’’ HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state, and local priorities. Each year, LCV publishes the National Environmental Scorecard, which details the voting records of members of Congress on environmental legislation. The Scorecard is distributed to LCV members, concerned voters nationwide, and the media. LCV urges you to vote NO on H.R. 998, the SCRUB Act, H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act, and H.R. 1009, the OIRA Insight, Reform, And Accountability Act. LCV joins our partners in the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards—an alliance of consumer, public health, labor, good government, environmental, and scientific groups—in strongly opposing this trio of extreme bills that have farreaching and damaging consequences for vital public health and environmental safeguards. H.R. 998, the SCRUB Act, would jeopardize critical environmental safeguards that have been in place for decades and would make it extremely difficult to develop new standards in response to threats to public health and the environment. This legislation creates a regulatory review commission that would disregard the public benefits of environmental safeguards and only consider the costs to industries. By creating a misguided ‘‘cutgo’’ system for safeguards, this bill would result in key public health protections being eliminated. H.R. 1004, the Regulatory Integrity Act, would significantly hinder communications between federal agencies and the public and would discourage agencies from using social media platforms. This legislation would reduce government transparency and would leave the public less informed about government activities. The vague guidelines about what public communications are allowed would result in agencies being less willing to share key information with the public. H.R. 1009, the OIRA Insight, Reform, And Accountability Act, would endanger clean air and clean water protections by opening them up to more litigation. The bill would effectively rewrite dozens of laws in which Congress mandated that agencies prioritize public health, safety and the preservation of clean air and water over concerns about industry profits. LCV urges you to REJECT H.R. 998, 1004, & 1009 and will strongly consider including votes on these bills in the 2017 Scorecard. Sincerely, GENEKARPINSKI , President. 
GOODMORNING EVERYONE : I am writing to express the opposition of the American Association for Justice (AAJ) to the three anti regulation bills that will be voted on on the House floor this week. The Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of 2017 (SCRUB Act); The Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017; and the OIRA Insight, Reform, and Accountability Act all impede the ability of federal agencies to appropriately protect the health, safety and wellbeing of the American public. As a result, we urge your boss to vote NO on all three bills. See below and attached for additional information on each bill. Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns. SARAH ROONEY , Director of Regulatory Affairs, American Association for Justice. H.R. 998, THESCRUB A CT The SCRUB Act would establish a new regulatory review commission charged with identifying duplicative and/or redundant regulations to repeal. In addition, the bill provides for a blanket percentage reduction in the cumulative regulatory cost to industry without adequately considering the benefits bestowed upon the public by these same regulations. Under the severe SCRUB Act regulatory cost considerations, targeted regulations could be repealed even when the benefits of these rules are significant, appreciated by the public, and far outweigh the costs. The SCRUB Act also contains entirely ineffective cutgo provisions. Under the bill’s cutgo provisions, an agency would be required to remove an existing regulation of equal or greater cost from its cutgo list before it can issue a new regulation. As a result of these provisions, agencies will be unable to respond to any emerging hazard with any new public regulatory protections or guidance. H.R. 1004, THEREGULATORY INTEGRITY ACT OF  2017 The Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017 significantly limits the types of communications federal agencies can have with the public regarding pending regulatory actions and prohibits agencies from soliciting support for its regulatory actions. These inappropriately restrictive provisions have two goals: stymieing important public protections and preventing the public from knowing about the positive impact pending regulations may provide. H.R. 1009, THEOIRA I NSIGHT , REFORM , AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Lastly, the OIRA Insight, Reform, and Accountability Act creates yet another duplicative and unnecessary commission to provide for the repeal of regulations, while also providing for numerous additional hurdles in the regulatory review process. It would codify the numerous burdensome regulatory review requirements and make them subject to judicial review which would provide for extensive challenge and delay of important protections. More concerning, this bill would 
severely damage the impact of dozens of Congressionally passed public interest laws that require agencies to prioritize public health and safety and protecting the environment and instead focus on cost to industry. It also would make federal agency science much more vulnerable to judicial review. Lastly, the bill would effectively undermine Congressionally chartered independent agencies by putting them under the influence of the Office of the President. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his thoughtful presentation and thank the Chair for his indulgence. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I will make my statement brief. As you know, I believe in a little bit of brevity around here. Let me suggest that we have talked at length on the content of the bill and the intent of the bill. Let me suggest that my colleague may have used the wrong example or analogy because we all know, where there is one mosquito, there is more. Where there is one, there is more. At this point in time, this bill says we are going to take care of his mosquitoes. With all due respect, I ask my colleagues to support the bill, as I believe it puts the transparency required in rulemaking that will require agencies to disclose they are asking for comments and who is making the comment. It is one more step in getting the government accountable to the people rather than accountable to itself. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1004 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115– 21. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–21. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 156, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I thank the Chair and the managers of the bill, in this instance Mr. RASKIN and his collaborator, the Republican manager as well. I thank them for their very thoughtful discussion. I also want to indicate that this regulation does have a perspective of excessiveness on a matter that can be confined to instructions to the agencies that have the responsibility of implementing the laws that we pass here in the United States Congress. My amendment improves the present underlying bill by making clear that 
communication of information statements or claims that are generally accepted by the scientific community or supported by empirical data is not restricted by this bill. H.R. 1004 directs each Federal agency to make information regarding their regulatory actions publicly available in a searchable format on a prominent website. That information would have to include the date a regulation was considered, its current status, an estimate of when the regulation will be final, and a brief description of the regulation. In addition, agencies will be required to track the details of all public communications about pending regulatory actions. But it further provides that: ‘‘Any public communication issued by an Executive agency that refers to a pending agency regulatory action, other than an impartial communication that requests comment on or provides information regarding the pending agency regulatory action,’’ among other things, ‘‘may not—be directly or indirectly for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States. . . .’’ I want to make sure that if an agency is telling the truth, then that agency is not going to be charged, as was said by Mr. RASKIN , using a sledgehammer, that they can’t make those communications. Take, for example, someone claiming that global warming is a hoax, but, if you read the facts, you will find out that a landmark 2013 study assessed 4,000 peerreviewed papers by 10,000 climate scientists that gave an opinion on the cause of climate change. It showed 97 percent of the authors attributed climate change to manmade causes. That may be a simple statement made by an agency based on science and empirical study. That should not be prohibited. The Jackson Lee amendment will protect Federal agency employees who might otherwise be ostracized, marginalized, discriminated against, wrongfully terminated or mistreated, or the whole regulation process imploded for statements made even though the statement is externally valid, logical, rooted in fact, or supported by empirical data, although contrary to an administration’s political agenda. I want this to be straight up. I want these agency representatives to do what is right, so I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, I wish to thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the Rules Committee for making the Jackson Lee Amendment in order. I also wish to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ  and Ranking Member CUMMINGS for their work in bringing the legislation before us to the floor. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to explain the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 1004. The Jackson Lee Amendment improves H.R. 1004 by making clear that Communication of information, statements or claims that are generally accepted by the scientific community or supported by empirical data is not restricted by the bill. H.R. 1004 directs each federal agency to make information regarding their regulatory actions publicly available in a searchable format on a prominent website. That information would have to include the date a regulation was considered, its current status, an estimate of when the regulation would be final, and a brief description of the regulation. In addition, agencies would be required to track the details of all public communications about pending regulatory actions. H.R. 1004 further provides that ‘‘any public communication issued by an Executive agency that refers to a pending agency regulatory action, other than an impartial communication that requests comment on or provides information regarding the pending agency regulatory action, among other things, may not ‘‘be directly or indirectly used for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States unless otherwise authorized by law.’’ Thus, in addition to requiring each federal agency to make information regarding regulatory action publicly available and accessible online, H.R. 1004 places restrictions on the type and quality of communications agencies may make. This vague phrase—‘‘publicity or propaganda purposes’’—creates substantial uncertainty and confusion as to what public communications are permissible, and risks discouraging agencies from keeping the public apprised of the important work they do on its behalf. The Jackson Lee Amendment will protect federal agency employees who might otherwise be ostracized, marginalized, discriminated against, wrongfully terminated, or mistreated for statements made even though the statement is externally valid, logical, rooted in fact, or supported by empirical data, although contrary to an administration’s political agenda. Under the Jackson Lee Amendment, for example, a communication that human activity is a major contributor to climate change is not propaganda because it is an assertion supported by an overwhelming consensus of the scientific community. On the other hand, a claim that there is ‘widespread voter fraud’ in presidential elections could be considered propaganda, because there is no reliable and statistically significant empirical data to support such a claim. Federal agencies’ ability to engage and inform the public in a meaningful and transparent way regarding their work on important sciencebased rulemakings that will greatly benefit the public is a public good that we must nurture and protect. While propaganda may corrupt information or ideas by an interested party in a tendentious way in order to encourage particular attitudes and responses, information, supported by facts or empirical evidence, on the other hand, does not. The Jackson Lee Amendment safeguards the legitimacy and transparency of communications issued by federal agencies, ensuring that the information disseminated to the public is accurate and reliable. I urge my colleagues to preserve the bedrock principles of empirical research, scientific method, and free inquiry that are indispensable to free societies by voting for the Jackson Lee Amendment. [From cnbc.com, February 17, 2017] MURRAY ENERGY CEO C LAIMS GLOBAL WARMINGISAHOAX, SAYS4,000 S CIENTISTS TELL HIMSO (By Tom DiChristopher) Murray Energy Chairman and CEO Robert Murray on Friday claimed global warming is a hoax and repeated a debunked claim that the phenomenon cannot exist because the Earth’s surface is cooling. Murray appeared on CNBC’s ‘‘Squawk Box’’ to discuss Republicans’ rollback of an Obamaera rule that would have restricted coal mining near waterways. President Donald Trump signed the measure on Thursday in front of Murray and a group of Murray Energy workers. Murray Energy is the country’s largest coal miner. Many of its mines are in Appalachia, a region that would suffer some of the biggest impacts of the rule. Murray also successfully sued to delay implementation of the Clean Power Plan, which would regulate planetwarming carbon emissions from power plants. Asked about the economic analysis behind President Barack Obama’s energy regulations, Murray said, ‘‘There’s no scientific analysis either. I have 4,000 scientists that tell me global warming is a hoax. The Earth has cooled for 20 years.’’ It was not immediately clear who the 4,000 scientists Murray referenced are. Asked for clarification, a spokesperson for Murray Energy sent links to the Manhattan Declaration on Climate Change, which says ‘‘humancaused climate change is not a global crisis,’’ and the Global Warming Petition Project, a list of science degree holders who don’t think humans cause climate change. Murray’s claim that there is no scientific analysis behind climate change is not true. A landmark 2013 study assessed 4,000 peer reviewed papers by 10,000 climate scientists that gave an opinion on the cause of climate change. It showed 97 percent of the authors attributed climate change to manmade causes. His second claim that Earth is cooling is also false. Temperatures were the warmest on record last year, according to NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. It was the third year in a row global average temperatures set a record. ‘‘The planet’s average surface temperature has risen about 2.0 degrees Fahrenheit (1.1 degrees Celsius) since the late 19th century,’ a change driven largely by increased carbon dioxide and other humanmade emissions into the atmosphere,’’ NASA and NOAA said. Climate change skeptics sometimes point to cool land temperatures to dispute global warming. Scientists have repeatedly noted that water covers 70 percent of the Earth’s surface, so it is highly misleading to cast temperatures on land as a representation of globalscale temperatures. Land also heats and cools more quickly than the ocean, The Weather Channel noted while debunking a recent Breitbart News article that was widely found to have cherry picked data to cast doubt on climate change. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague from Texas seeking to make this better, but I am going to have to oppose this amendment. It is confusing, unnecessary, and 
overly restrictive on agencies. This amendment would create a single definition of three different words: propaganda, publicity, and advocacy. Those are different words. Under this amendment, publicity, advocacy, and propaganda would mean making a statement not widely accepted by the scientific community. Are we going to create a test of two out of three dentists agree? It is going to be difficult to do. I mean, it could be anything. Is it propaganda for me to say I love my wife? I only know a couple of scientists, there is not going to be a broad, general consensus in the scientific community about that, but it is certainly not propaganda. It is a statement of my feeling. Publicity and propaganda and advocacy are different words. They don’t mean the same thing, and they certainly don’t have the definition my friend from Texas is suggesting. Check out the dictionary. You can do it on your smartphone. These definitions that are proposed in this amendment are unworkable. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt that my good friend from Texas loves his wife. I would also suggest to him that there might be a number of individuals who are experts that would be able to confirm that, certainly those who are around him, and they might be able to say that that is not propaganda or publicity, and, therefore, his statement stands. But when you are talking about thousands upon thousands of executive agency staff, servants of the United States Government wanting to do what is right, and you come down with this massive, oppressive document that says here is what you have to do, but don’t do propaganda and don’t do publicity, there should be a determination or a standard that says if it is based in fact, you have no problem, that is information that you can disseminate in order to edify those who may be wanting to comment by edifying the particular regulatory scheme or structure that you are putting forward for comment. Why should my friends on the other side be afraid of good, strong information to make the input valuable so that if I am dealing with a clean air regulation that I am able to hear from those who are for and against, but I can provide documentation, scientific documentation about the quality of air pollution, why this regulatory scheme is appropriate. I ask my colleagues, again, to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I come back to the purpose of this bill: we want our regulatory agencies to be neutral. They propose a rule, they have done the research, and they have done the science. They wouldn’t be proposing it if they didn’t believe that it needed to be done. Where they crossed the line is using taxpayer money to go out and promote and advocate for it. The idea behind public comments, the whole thought behind public input is to get a diversity of ideas, but, if the solicitations seeking that comment are biased, or if the agency is advocating it, it potentially suppresses the other side. We want to get both sides of the matter. Let’s look at the actual definition of propaganda. I googled it while Ms. JACKSON LEEwas just speaking. Propaganda is information, especially of a biased or misleading nature used to promote a particular cause or point of view. Advocacy is another one that has a definition. It is public statements for or a recommendation of a particular cause or policy. So those definitions basically say you are pushing a point of view. We don’t want to limit those. The definition and the purpose behind this legislation is to make our agencies fair about seeking comment and fair about listening to those comments. We don’t want the agencies going into this with preconceived notions and advocating it. We want the public comment to work the way the public comment is supposed to work. The scientific community, whether they are for it or against it, can weigh in in those public comments, and the public and the agency will know what their consensus is based on the fair comments fairly solicited. So again, I urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. How much time is remaining on both sides? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 30 seconds remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me say to the gentleman that what we are suggesting is that propaganda can be confusing. I want truth and honesty, and I want our agencies to be able to reach out and to help the American people. Therefore, my amendment says that if by chance they say something but it has facts or empirical evidence, it is not propaganda, it is not publicity, they can go forward and protect our water, they can protect our health, they can protect our air. Why are we hiding on this floor? I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. It only makes this bill more refined as to how we can help the American people pass a regulatory scheme that enhances local communities and cities. That is why we need the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, in closing, the purpose of the underlying legislation here is to make sure we have a fair process and the Federal Government isn’t pushing a point of view, it is listening to all sides. This amendment takes that away. For that reason, I urge opposition. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–21. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 156, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, this is a simple transparency measure that adds a disclosure requirement under the underlying bill. Understanding which regulations are duplicative or overlapping allows the public to be better informed as they participate in the rulemaking process. We want to know what is going on as members of the public. Too many times agencies develop regulations without consideration or coordination with other Federal agencies, State and local governments, or, in some cases, even the public. They issue proposed rules that are unnecessary, duplicative, or overcomplicated. This simple amendment helps draw the public’s attention to potential areas of concern while the rule is still in the proposed phase of rulemaking. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I do want to express my opposition to this amendment because it is perfectly duplicative, and it does nothing to cure 
the very serious deficiencies in the underlying bill. Executive Order 13563, which was issued by President Obama, requires each agency to ‘‘periodically review existing significant regulations to determine whether any such regulations should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed, so as to make the agency’s regulatory program more effective or less burdensome in achieving the regulatory objectives.’’ Because there is little doubt that this executive order covers the review and elimination of duplicative and overlapping regulatory actions, there is no need for the additional reporting requirements that this amendment would redundantly impose. More importantly, this amendment simply fails to address the profound flaws in the underlying bill. It fails to provide the bright lines for what an agency can communicate to the public safely within the stringent new guidelines. It fails to eliminate the unnecessarily burdensome and onerous requirements in the bill that seem to have no purpose but to reduce the amount of information agencies would be able to release to the public and invite from the public. b1000 The amendment fails to eliminate the prohibition against agencies making public communications that directly advocate for or oppose the submission of public comments or expert analysis of a pending rule. The amendment fails to remove the serious impediments this bill places in the way of agency use of social media platforms. Most importantly, the amendment does nothing to cure the serious chilling effect that the bill would have on agency communications and the negative effects that this imposition would have on the ability of agencies to educate millions of Americans about the costs and benefits of a particular regulation and to invite their input into the rulemaking process. Because the amendment does nothing to improve the flaws of this bill and is duplicative of work that agencies are already required to do, I urge all Members to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I think my colleague across the aisle actually makes the case for me. The executive branch already requires that this work be done by the agencies. Leaving behind the constitutional authority of this body to direct that happen in the nature of executive orders that can be changed by the next executive, this actually codifies a good part of the executive order that is already in place, so the agencies wouldn’t have to do any work. What this does add, however, to that executive order and why it is so important is it adds a transparency requirement. An agency is required to look to see what regulations are out there that may be duplicative under the executive order. This requires them to tell us about it. Why would they want to hide from the American people that they are creating a duplicative regulation? This is a simple transparency amendment that improves the quality of the underlying bill, improves the amount of information accessible to the public, and holds executive branch agencies accountable to make sure they are not putting unnecessary and duplicative burdens on the American people. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise only to note the remarkable irony of the gentleman making an argument for the reduction of duplicative regulations by adding another duplicative regulation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, we are simply codifying an executive order here, as the gentleman pointed out, but we are adding one more thing. We are adding transparency to it so the American people know what these alphabet soups of government agencies are up to and give us, as watchdogs in Congress, or private organizations or a member of the public with internet access the ability to see how the CFR is expanding and expanding with more and more duplicative Federal rules. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, this redundant and duplicative and, again, chilling amendment will only add more red tape, divert the time of agency officials to produce more paperwork that is unnecessary, and point us right back to the central flaw of the legislation. My distinguished opponents have mobilized all of one case to demonstrate the necessity of this legislation, and it was a case which was properly resolved by the GAO, and everybody agrees to it. So I understand the urge to get up and say we need more legislation to do what we have already been able to accomplish under existing law, I understand that everybody wants to make a point about the righteousness of legislative change, but sometimes we just don’t need another law. The law works as it was. We don’t need another law. And again, I am just impressed by the irony of saying we need another law to eliminate excessive and redundant regulation when the current law already does it. It is almost like a caricature of what we do here in Congress. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple. It would require an executive agency to report any new rule or regulatory action that would duplicate or otherwise overlap with existing agency rules and regulations. So much of government’s excess is created by unelected officials who wield enormous influence over our everyday lives. Last year, Federal agencies issued 18 rules and regulations for every one law that passed Congress. That is a grand total of 3,853 regulations in 2016 alone. In 2015, Federal regulations cost the American economy nearly $1.9 trillion —T, trillion dollars—in lost growth and productivity. Think about that for a second. A $1.9 trillion tax, a government burden on the American people. That means lost jobs, stagnant wages, and decreasing benefits for workers. When the House passed the REINS Act in January, I offered an amendment to require at least 1 rule be overturned for every new rule finalized by the executive branch. President Trump recently took that one step further by issuing an executive order which required at least 2 rules be overturned for every new rule. My amendment builds on those initiatives by requiring any agency issuing a duplicative regulation to indicate as much when making the online disclosure required by the underlying bill. The truth is, the federal government is all too often a fountain of unnecessary regulations. And while some may debate the merits of any given regulation, few would agree the federal government should issue identical iterations of the same regulation multiple times over. Mr. Speaker, it is past time we stop bureaucratic abuse and shift the balance of power from government back to the people, where it belongs. That can start today by passing the Regulatory Integrity Act and putting our government on a path to reduce the amount of red tape that our businesses and the American people deal with every day. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Michigan for his hard work on this commonsense legislation. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and the underlying bill. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–21. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 156, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, with all good intentions of the underlying bill, the Regulatory Integrity Act 
Free societies like the United States accept that openness fosters resiliency and that free debate dissipates more hate than it stirs. Not only does freedom of speech serve the ends of democracy, it is also an indelible part of human personality and human dignity. In the words of Justice Thurgood Marshall in the 1974 case Procunier v. Martinez: 
The First Amendment serves not only the needs of the polity but also those of the human spirit—a spirit that demands selfexpression. 
In other words, Mr. Chair, freedom of speech is fundamental to the American identity and psyche. And that is why I have proposed the Jackson Lee Amendment to ensure that nothing in H.R. 1004 shall be interpreted to prohibit any communication that is protected under the precious First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is unnecessary and confusing. As I am sure my colleague from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) knows, the Constitution is the supreme law of the land. The First Amendment applies to everybody in this country. We couldn’t write a law that infringes upon the First Amendment and have it withstand scrutiny by the Supreme Court or under the Constitution, and I certainly wouldn’t support a law that did this. The underlying legislation is designed to stop public agencies from using your taxpayer dollars and my taxpayer dollars for promoting one side of an issue. It is not designed to chill any Federal employees of First Amendment rights. In fact, the Supreme Court, in 1994, in Waters v. Churchill, held that public employees do have a right to free speech. We are not going to be leaning over people’s necks seeing what they are putting on their personal Twitter accounts, but we are going to say that, if you are a government agency spending taxpayer dollars to promote a point of view on something before your agency, that is a nono. That is what this underlying legislation does. Ms. JACKSON LEE’s amendment is simply unnecessary because we can’t suppress the First Amendment rights even if we want to. And we do not—I say do not—ever want to violate the Constitution and interfere with people’s First Amendment rights. And, listen, I agree with the underlying intent of my colleague’s amendment. Simply, we can’t do it. Unfortunately, this amendment is not only unnecessary, it could be harmful. If we say First Amendment protections apply in this law, are we going to have to go out and in every law we pass, put in something that says the First Amendment applies? Come on. We already know the First Amendment applies because the Constitution is the supreme law of the land. So it creates unnecessary confusion that could ultimately harm people’s 
First Amendment rights. Can you see the lawsuits? Well, Congress didn’t say in there it protected my First Amendment right. So we would have to go and rewrite every law on the books. The Constitution is there and it works. It is an unnecessary amendment. So I hope my clarification that the First Amendment applies assuages the concerns of the gentlewoman from Texas and she withdraws the amendment. If she doesn’t, however, I am going to have to oppose it as unnecessary and potentially confusing to the entire body of law of this country. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining? The ACTING CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Well, let me say this. Mr. Chair, first of all, before I yield to the gentleman from the great State of Maryland, the reason why we need my amendment is because this deals with speech. This regulatory bill deals with speech, what you can say and what you cannot say. So this is not a reflection that we need this in every legislative initiative. I would love for it to be there. But this is a bill that deals with what our agencies can say. And if the Chairman of the FCC put out all of these proposals specifically so that the public could see, just think if this bill unclarified what the protection of the First Amendment reiterated, his speech would be chilled. I am delighted to yield 30 seconds to the distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chair, a regime of fear has descended on the Federal workforce, and I have got 88,000 Federal employees in my district. If they insist on this legislation—unnecessary, redundant, confusing, and chilling—at the very least, we must pass the gentlewoman’s amendment to say that it does not trench on the First Amendment rights of our citizens who are simply exercising in a viewpoint neutral, in a contentneutral way the determination of the agencies to solicit public input. You say you support on your side the input of the public. You say you support the intent of the amendment. Let’s accept the amendment, and let’s all embrace the First Amendment together. Mr. FARENTHOLD. I would just like to point out that Commissioner Pai’s release of that information would not be prohibited under this bill. It is not advocacy. It is releasing facts. So it would not be prohibited. Again, the First Amendment already applies to every law that we make in this body and every law we have made. The Constitution trumps what we do here. So, with that, I continue to argue that this amendment is unnecessary and potentially confusing, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Again, Mr. Chair, can the Chair tell us the time remaining. The ACTING CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 11⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, let me indicate that the gentleman just argued my point. Clarity is what we need. My amendment provides clarity. Again, what does this bill do? This bill tells Federal employees about their speech: what level of speech, containing speech, how much speech, what they can say, what is propaganda, what is publicity. Therefore, I think it is important to avoid the chilling effect on public servants who are doing the task on behalf of the American people. Being the American people’s defendant, I believe that we should, in fact, have this language. In Branzburg v. Hayes, Justice Douglas reminded us that an effective selfgovernment cannot succeed unless the people are immersed in a steady, robust, unimpeded, and uncensored flow of opinion and reporting which are continuously subjected to critique, rebuttal, and reexamination. That is the protection of the First Amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chair, I think the utmost clarity is in the First Amendment. I am going to read it here. ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people to peaceably assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.’’ b1015 That applies to everything we do, every law we make. This amendment is unnecessary, and I urge opposition. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me reemphasize: Clarity in the First Amendment cannot be a bad thing. This bill kills speech. Let’s clarify that that speech is protected by the First Amendment to not chill the hard work of our hardworking Federal employees trying to provide for the safety and security of the American people. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chair, at the risk of sounding repetitious, the First Amendment applies to all we do in this body. This amendment is unnecessary. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 115– 21 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Ms. JACKSON  LEEof Texas. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. FARENTHOLD of Texas. Amendment No. 3 by Ms. JACKSON  LEEof Texas. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 180, noes 234, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Chu, Judy Gallego Hudson Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jordan McGovern Nadler Rush Scott, David Taylor Wittman Young (AK) 
b1038 Messrs. ABRAHAM, POSEY, THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida, ROTHFUS, LUETKEMEYER, and WESTERMAN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 122. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 263, noes 145, not voting 21, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—145 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Garamendi Green, Al Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano 
Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Comstock Fitzpatrick Hudson Johnson, E. B. Jordan Keating Marchant McGovern Nadler Poe (TX) Rice (NY) Rogers (KY) Rush Scott, David Taylor Waters, Maxine Wittman Young (AK) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1043 Mr. HIMES changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 123. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 232, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—8 
Bass Hudson Johnson, E. B. Jordan Nadler Rush Taylor Wittman 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1050 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 124, on H.R. 1004, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1004) to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pending agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 156, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Jayapal moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1004 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendments: Page 6, line 13, after ‘‘Executive agency’’ insert the following: ‘‘or the President of the United States’’. 
Page 6, line 17, after ‘‘regulatory action,’’ insert the following: ‘‘or that refers to a business in which the President has an equity interest,’’. Page 7, line 1, after ‘‘regulatory action’’ insert the following: ‘‘or business’’. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The gentlewoman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, this amendment restricts the President from making public statements to promote his own business interests in the same way that the bill restricts statements by agencies on pending rules. If we intend to hold agencies accountable for their statements, we should certainly be willing to hold the President of the United States to those same standards. Donald Trump’s enormous web of business interests and conflicts of interest make it clear that it is necessary to explicitly expand this restriction to the President. It is deeply disturbing, Mr. Speaker, that the President has refused to release his tax returns or create a blind trust for the proceeds of his assets. Numerous U.S. Presidents have placed their financial holdings into a blind trust that is managed by a trustee without any input from the President. This allows for the President to minimize any conflicts of interest and any suggestion that the Presidency of the United States is being used for his own personal profits. This President, however, has avoided those calls for him to sell his assets or place them into a blind trust. Instead, documents obtained through public records requests show that President Trump has moved the assets over, just in name, to his son and a longtime employee, but that Trump himself, the President of the United States, is the sole beneficiary of all of those trusts. In other words, there is no wall erected between his businesses and his Presidency, and anyone who wants to buy influence can simply do so openly. His entire Presidency can be seen as a promotion of his business interests and be used by domestic and foreign governments to curry favor and produce benefit to his personal empire. Trump Tower in D.C. is one example of this. The building, which is leased to him by the Federal Government, stipulates in its lease that ‘‘any elected official of the Government of the United States’’ may not derive any benefit from that agreement. At 12:01 p.m. on Inauguration Day, Trump was in violation of this clause. That lease should be terminated effective immediately. Just last week, the Kuwaiti Embassy held its annual event to celebrate the country’s national day at the President’s D.C. hotel. The event was initially scheduled to take place at the Four Seasons, and, in fact, a ‘‘save the date’’ went out with the Four Seasons location. But Kuwait canceled that reservation just a few days after the election, and moved the event to the President’s hotel after that happened. These are not isolated instances. They constitute a pattern of conflicts of interest every time a foreign government holds a reception or rents a room at a Trump property, a problem so important to this country that it was put into the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution of the United States of America. The American people should also be deeply concerned about conflicts of interest at the President’s MaraLago resort. On January 1, 2017, just 2 months after the election of Donald Trump, the exclusive resort doubled its membership initiation fee from $100,000 to $200,000. When Trump took Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe there, it created even more free publicity for the resort as several social media posts were made throughout the weekend. Conducting government affairs in public settings not only has serious national security concerns, but indicates that anyone who wants to be a member of the club will have access to the President of the United States, and the President will personally profit off of their membership. Mr. Speaker, the American people have a right to know what the entire web of conflicts of interest are, but we have yet to get this information because we have not received—we have yet to get any information from this President, his tax returns, or any of the documents that help us to ensure that he is complying with the Constitution of the United States of America, that document that he swore to uphold and protect, so that we can make sure that he is not using the highest office of this land to profit. b1100 The American people have the right to demand that this President put their interests first rather than his own business interests. I urge all of my colleagues to pass this motion to recommitment and demand that we uphold our Constitution, protect this democracy and the duty of this President to work not for the business interests, but for we the people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of order is withdrawn. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, as a great supporter of transparency, this bill is designed to promote transparency in executive branch agencies. Unfortunately, I think the motion to recommit would actually be violative of the Constitution. The President and the executive branch agencies we are seeking to regulate under this law are creations of Congress administered by the executive branch. The Presidency is created by the Constitution, and it is my belief that it would be unconstitutional to pass this motion to recommit. For that reason alone, I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 232, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell 
Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—8 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 109 through 113, 118, 119, 122, 124, and 125, I was unable to cast my vote in person due to an unexpected illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 246, noes 176, not voting 7, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—176 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1114 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 114 through 117, 120, 121, 123, and 126, I was unable to cast my vote in person due to an unexpected illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on Thursday, March 2, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 122, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 123, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 124, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 125 and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall 126. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader and my friend. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morninghour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. In addition, the House will consider several reform bills straight from our Better Way agenda: First, the Fairness in Class Action Litigation and Further Asbestos Claim Transparency Act, sponsored by Chairman BOBGOODLATTE , which ensures that only similarly injured parties can be in the same class for purposes of a class action suit, as well as requires public disclosure of reports on the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos. Next, H.R. 725, the Innocent Party Protection Act, sponsored by Representative KENBUCK, which establishes a uniform standard for determining whether a defendant has been fraudulently joined to a lawsuit. And third, H.R. 720, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act, sponsored by Chairman LAMAR SMITH, which restores accountability to our legal system by penalizing lawyers for filing baseless lawsuits. Our Federal litigation system is plagued with broken rules that unnecessarily harm American businesses and consumers. With these measures, we will follow through on our pledge to take on trial lawyers and crack down on lawsuit abuse through meaningful litigation reform. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider the Fiscal Year 2017 Department of Defense Appropriations bill, sponsored by Chairman RODNEY  FRELINGHUYSEN . Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for that information. The gentleman mentions the Defense Appropriations bill is going to be brought forward. It is my understanding that the text was just introduced this morning. Is that accurate? Mr. MCCARTHY. Yes. Mr. HOYER. Do you know when it will be marked up? I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. We passed this bill last year, working together with others. You will see the bill reposted, and we will vote on it next week. Mr. HOYER. Is the majority leader not aware of whether there will be a markup on the bill or will it come directly to the floor through the Rules Committee? Mr. MCCARTHY. It will come straight to the floor. Mr. HOYER. The gentleman just indicated that this will be the bill that we passed last year. Mr. MCCARTHY. This bill reflects the 2017 NDAA, which passed with 375 votes in the House and 92 votes in the Senate. Mr. HOYER. So I am correct, then, that the bill will be the same bill that we passed last year? Is that accurate? Mr. MCCARTHY. It is not the exact same, but it reflects the work of the NDAA. It is a bipartisan agreement. It is also—you will find as soon as it is posted to read all the way through it— a reflection of the 2017 NDAA bill. Mr. HOYER. The majority leader may not know, and I certainly understand that. We will see what differences might exist. If there are any substantive changes in the bill, we would hope that it would be subjected to a hearing or at least a markup. But the gentleman believes there is no substantive change. Is that accurate? Mr. MCCARTHY. That is very accurate. This is a bipartisan, bicameral agreement based upon the 2017 NDAA bill, which, if you watched, had 375 votes in the House, 92 in the Senate. As you know as well as I do, and we have talked many times together about this, we cannot continue to have our military continue further with just the CR. If you have a continuing resolution, you now are saying that you have to fund what was last year. You can’t go through with what the future needs without putting together the appropriations process. And this is what we are going through right now. Mr. HOYER. I thank the majority leader for that observation. I agree with the majority leader that subjecting the Defense Appropriations or any other appropriation is not a tenable or appropriate policy to pursue. The gentleman knows we were for an omnibus being passed in 2016, as an omnibus was passed in 2015, which, therefore, gives the administrators of any agency or Secretaries of any agency the opportunity to have the ability to plan over a period of time longer than months. So I certainly agree. But very frankly, I want to tell the majority leader, on our side of the aisle we are very, very concerned that privilege will be accorded to the defense bill. Can the majority leader tell me whether or not we intend to adopt and pass, in the regular order, individual bills—the LaborHealth bill, the Interior bill, the Agriculture bill, et cetera, et cetera—in a similar manner? That means considering them on their merits discretely, separately, individually. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman knows we are working, in part, under the continuing resolution shortterm; but it is my intention, once we pass the FY 2017 defense bill, I will keep Members updated on the further floor schedule of appropriations bills. It would be my goal to continue to pass the rest of the appropriations bills. Mr. HOYER. I appreciate that, Mr. Leader, if that is your goal; and I hope that, in fact, we can pursue that goal. Very frankly, we believe that the scenario is being set up to take care of the defense bill. I voted for the defense bill. I was one of those people. I intend to vote for the defense bill next week when it comes to the floor, if, in fact, as the gentleman represents, it is substantively the same as the bill that we have already adopted. What I am concerned about and what Members on my side of the aisle are very concerned about is that the remaining nondefense discretionary spending bills will be substantially altered from that which we would have passed in December of last year in the 2017. Of course, we were 4 months late doing that—or 3 months late, at least: October, November, and December. But I am hopeful, Mr. Leader, that those bills will, in fact, be considered discretely so that the American public can see us vote on those bills and on the priorities that are incorporated in those bills. Mr. Leader, it appears that the majority has stalled somewhat in their efforts in a path forward on repeal of the ACA. President Trump’s address on Tuesday, it seems to me, didn’t offer many details. He does say, however, that everybody is going to be covered— everybody—with better health care, 
cheaper. If that bill comes to the floor, I am going to vote for it, Mr. Leader. I want you to know that. Health care for everybody—quality, accessible, affordable, and cheaper. Now, as the majority leader knows, the budget resolution that was passed this year set a deadline of January 27 for committees to report legislation repealing the law. It is now March 2, and there are reports, Mr. Leader, that Republicans have a draft bill that perhaps is located in H–157, that it is not being posted, and that Republicans have been told they can view it in H–157. I don’t know that I have the room number correct, and I am not sure that the information that I have is correct, but I will tell you that MICHAEL BURGESS, or Dr. B URGESS , on your side of the aisle said this. He said it yesterday: People need to have access to this document—apparently his presumption was he did not have access to the document or he believed others should; not only Members of our side of the aisle, but also the public—and if there are problems, let’s talk through them. It’s been a long time in the works. Most of the pieces that are in there, people have seen in the past, but it does need to be an open process. Mr. Leader, let me repeat that. It does need to be an open process, according to Dr. BURGESS . GUSBILIRAKIS says: We’re not having a hearing or anything. We’re not having a hearing or anything. But there’ll be a place for us to view it, the draft. PAULRYAN, the Speaker, said, 3 days ago: We’re going through the committee process. We’re doing this step by step. We’re having public hearings. We’re having committee work on legislation. This is how the legislative process is supposed to be designed. We are not hatching some bill in a back room—perhaps H–157; he didn’t say that, I said it—and plopping it on the American people’s front door. Mr. Leader, you and I both were here when the Affordable Care Act was passed. There was a lot of talk about the Affordable Care Act and how it was passed in the dark of night. That was baloney, of course. We had 79 bipartisan hearings and markups over the 2 years that we considered the Affordable Care Act. House Members spent nearly 100 hours in hearings, heard from 181 witnesses from both sides of the aisle, considered 239 amendments— both Democratic and Republican—and accepted 121 amendments. The original House bill was posted online 30 days before the first committee began their markup and more than 100 days before the committee introduced their merged bill in the House. House Democrats posted the House bill—that was the final process— online 72 hours before the bill was brought to the floor, consistent with our rules. Now, to my understanding, the Ways and Means Committee has been told this bill is going to be marked up on Wednesday. There will not have been a single hearing, there will not have been a single witness, and Members cannot, on our side of the aisle—as I understand it—see the bill today. I don’t know where all my Tea Party friends are who demanded full consideration and that everybody read the bill. I don’t see them out on the lawn. I don’t see them out on the plaza. I don’t see them out on the sidewalk as they were when we were considering the bill and we had those 181 witnesses, the 100 hours of hearings that they thought weren’t sufficient. b1130 I don’t know whether they will think that having a markup next Wednesday when the bill has not even been made available to Democratic Members of the House. Apparently, Republican Members have to go to a room to see it, and the public clearly has no idea of what that bill is. Mr. Leader, I hope you will tell me that I am wrong, that there will be hearings consistent with what Speaker RYAN said 3 days ago. I hope you will tell me, yes, we are going to honor what Speaker RYAN said, that we are going to have those hearings, we are going to have witnesses, and we are going to consider amendments. All of us understand that this is one of the biggest issues confronting the American people. We have had hundreds of thousands of people showing up at town meetings saying how concerned they are, yet, if my information is correct, Mr. Leader, they will have no opportunity to talk to the Committee on Ways and Means. I am further informed, and I hope the majority leader says this is wrong, that the markup will occur before the Congressional Budget Office has the opportunity to say how much it is going to cost. All this weeping and gnashing of teeth about balanced budgets and fiscal responsibility, a bill that affects 18 percent of the gross domestic product, and the critical need for people to have access to affordable, quality health care, not one of them will have an opportunity to know how much this repeal will cost. Again, Mr. Leader, I hope you are going to be able to tell me, no, Mr. Whip, we are going to have hearings, we understand how important this issue is, how much interest there is in this country, and we are going to give time for serious consideration, and we are going to have witnesses come before those hearings; and then after the witnesses, we are going to have a markup after substantial debate and consideration is allowed on both sides of the aisle. I now yield to the majority leader with the hopes that he will be able to give me some degree of confidence that PAULRYAN, our Speaker, was correct, that we are going to follow regular order and make a transparent consideration of this piece of legislation. I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I always look forward to your quotes. Mr. HOYER. I have some more. Mr. MCCARTHY. Now you have gone beyond. You now bring in rumors. I give you credit there. You have been here quite some time, much longer than I. I agree with you, this is a very big issue. That is why, for the last 6 years, we have had hearings because all those hearings you reported, I would have wished you would have listened during those hearings. I would have wished you would have been able to do a healthcare bill that actually works. The essence of what the ACA did, it was about exchanges and the expansion of Medicaid. So my dear friend here tells me that was a big success. What do you tell all those people across this country? In fact, onethird of every county in this country now only has one health insurer. Humana just announced they are pulling out. Because you love quotes so much, let me read what the CEO of Aetna says: ObamaCare is failing. It has entered a ‘‘death spiral.’’ With Humana pulling out, that gives 16 counties in Tennessee that have no one to care for them. The expansion of Medicaid—I know you are concerned about the budget, as am I—says within this 10year window, in the tenth year, it will cost us $1 trillion. You know as well as I do that that is about the exact amount of money we spend for all discretionary spending in government today. We watched the ACA create 23 COOPs. They were provided more than $2 billion. Eighteen of those 23 have collapsed. So, yes, for the last 6 years, we have been holding hearings, we have been listening to the public, and we have been working on this bill. Yes, we will go regular order. We will have a markup in committee. When the bill comes out of committee, we will take that markup, we will go to the Committee on the Budget because it is reconciliation, and we will bring that bill to the floor, just as the rules state we will do that. We have waited 6 years to do this, just as we moved one last year to the President as well, and he vetoed it. We cannot sit and wait for this failure to continue any longer. The health of this country deserves something much better. That is why we have been spending our time, that is why we have been working on it, and that is why we have been listening. We have had the wisdom to listen, but now I promise you we will have the courage to lead. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comment. It is, therefore, extraordinarily sad that we have spent 6 years with only one option that the majority would pursue: repeal. Not fix, not make it work better, not ensure that people can afford their care, not make sure that insurance companies had the competence to stay in the market because the market was destabilized for all of its lifetime to date by the Republicans saying all we are going to do is repeal. The gentleman talks about the cost. The gentleman cannot tell me some 4 
days before he suggests passing a piece of legislation that will affect 18 percent of our gross domestic product what it will cost. Why? Because he has no score from the CBO. He can tell me all he wants about 6 years of waiting and listening. He has no score on this bill. My judgment is he will have no score when he marks it up. By the way, he will give no access, contrary to Speaker RYAN saying that we are going to go regular order. I reject, with all due respect, Mr. Majority Leader, the fact that we had a hearing a year ago or 2 years ago or 3 years ago, that the opinion that was given at those times by various witnesses who differed on their conclusions, that we can apply that to the bill that you have introduced now. I don’t know what the bill you have introduced is. I don’t know whether you have introduced it or somebody else has introduced it. I don’t even know whether it exists. I told the gentleman what I am told. He has not disabused me of any of the assertions I made. He has not disabused me that it is not available publicly. He has not disabused me of the fact that we can’t see it. He has not disabused me of Dr. BURGESS saying it ought to be seen by everybody and considered, it should not be in a secret room someplace that people have to go to, like it is a secret document. We have to go down to the Capitol Visitor Center in the secure facilities of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to see secret documents. Surely that is not the standard that we are giving to a bill that will have such, in my view, catastrophic effect on individuals, on jobs, and on businesses. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell the majority leader that I do not accept the proposition that a hearing over 6 years about repeal only—and I am not sure how many hearings there were. Maybe the majority leader knows. But I know for a fact that proponents of the bill were very difficult to get on the list of witnesses that we wanted to testify at some of those hearings. The American people, the Tea Party, all those people for and against who came to these town meetings should really lament. And, frankly, I think that the Speaker’s representation is not being followed. The assertion that it was done last year, the year before, we have a lot of new Members in this Congress who weren’t here. Frankly, when we have bills introduced in Congress, we usually have hearings on them. That is the regular order. Now, we haven’t been following regular order on all these congressional review acts, Mr. Leader, so maybe the precedent nowadays is forget about hearings because most of the bills that we have considered during this Congress have not had hearings. The ramifications of the repeal of these rules no one knows. There were no hearings on those. Frankly, we didn’t have hearings on those year after year after year in the past. So, Mr. Leader, it appears that the representation you are making is we know all about this, we don’t need hearings, we have been talking about this stuff forever, we are just going to act. The courage, I would suggest to my friend, the courage would be to expose these to full and fair and open debate. That would be the courage. Now, Mr. Leader, unless you want to respond to that, I will move on to a different subject. Mr. MCCARTHY. Well, I would only like to end with this: I was here at the same time. I know you have your history, and I have the history that I remember. I remember seeing the Speaker at that time, now your leader, say we need to pass the bill to find out what is in it. I remember being here late that night. I remember a lot of people, citizens around this building complaining. You know what? The saddest part of all that, their fears became true. They didn’t get to keep the doctor or the health plan that they were promised. The premiums they were told would go down $2,500, that didn’t happen. They now find that they don’t have the care that they were promised. We have spent our time. You did make a statement that there are a lot of new people in this building. I would argue that is a reason why there are a lot of new people in this building, the ACA and the way you carried it out. That is why we did not do that. You stipulated a little earlier, trying to state about a 3day rule. That wasn’t your rule. That is a rule we instituted and changed when we became the majority, Mr. Speaker. So we will have regular order. We will have regular order. We will take it through committee, we will have it open for debate, and we will bring it to the floor because we promised the American people, and we will keep our promise, just as the President, as you heard just this week, talked about the reform. We will protect preexisting conditions. We will make sure those who are 26 or younger can stay on their parents’ plan. The bans or lifetime limits, we will protect those like we have always said we would. We will create a healthcare bill that actually empowers the individual, not more government. We will actually lower the premiums. That is the difference between us. We can have those debates, and I welcome them, because I think history will show your hearings and our hearings. But, at the end of the day, I want the history to show who actually did a better job of providing health care to the American people at a lower cost. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Leader, you can be assured that history will show that. Can I see the bill today? Mr. MCCARTHY. You are not on that committee, so you can look at it when we mark it up. Mr. HOYER. In other words, they will mark it up before anybody in the public, including a Member of the House of Representatives—— Mr. MCCARTHY. No. Mr. HOYER. Before then, we cannot see it. Mr. MCCARTHY. If the gentleman yields, I will answer his question. Mr. HOYER. Is that what the gentleman is telling me? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. It is similar to every other bill we move. They will post it before they mark it up so everybody can see it and debate it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Leader, reclaiming my time, that is not regular order. I have been here a long time. You have been here a long time. That is not regular order. Regular order is you introduce a bill, you go up to this desk, and you put a bill in. We don’t follow that very much, but that is regular order. It is then printed. It is referred to a committee. The public can see it as soon as it is printed. It goes to the committee. They establish a hearing. The witnesses then come before the committee and testify as to its positive and negative aspects. The committee then schedules a markup. It may even be the same day after the hearing, I get that. And then they mark it up. But the bill has been given to the public and to Members, invariably under regular order, substantially before that happens. You are telling me, as I understand it, Mr. Leader, I cannot see the bill today, 5 days before it is scheduled to be marked up. Is that accurate? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Have you seen a scheduled markup? I didn’t have it in my list. I don’t announce markups, but apparently this is another rumor you may have heard. Mr. HOYER. Is the leader telling me that he does not know personally whether a markup is scheduled on the Affordable Care Act repeal next week? I yield to my friend. b1145 Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for asking. That is a question to the chairman. I simply provide you the schedule for next week. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman, but that was not my question, whether the chairman of the committee knows. Maybe the gentleman does not know, in which case he can say no. My question is: Does the gentleman know whether a markup is scheduled for next week in the Ways and Means Committee on the repeal of the Affordable Care Act? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. That is an action of the committees, and they will list as soon as they are prepared to do their markups. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know whether that is a ‘‘yes’’ or a ‘‘no’’ or ‘‘I don’t intend to tell you,’’ but it certainly does not tell me whether the majority leader knows that. I would suggest to the chairman of the committee, though, Mr. Speaker, that the majority leader ought to be informed of what the committee is doing on such an important issue. 
I am just informed that while the majority leader may not know, The Hill newspaper knows and says: ObamaCare reconciliation markup on track for next week. They, perhaps, heard the same rumor I have heard, Mr. Leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield for one moment? The gentleman understands that this is coming through reconciliation, and reconciliation is created through committee, not by submitting a bill. So this is regular order. I thank the gentleman for his concern, and I thank the gentleman for the last 6 years that we have had concerns about this. I will provide the gentleman with a number of hearings. In Energy and Commerce this year alone, they have had hearings and they have had votes on markups on improvements and changes to our healthcare system. If the gentleman would like, I will provide those to him at a later date. But when it comes to reconciliation, committees will move that. When it goes through the committees, it will then go to the Budget Committee, and then it will come to the floor. That is regular order, and that is what we are following. Mr. HOYER. I ask you: Do you expect the Budget Committee to have a hearing on it? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I expect to follow regular order. When a bill goes through Energy and Commerce and a bill comes through Ways and Means, it will then go for markup inside the Budget Committee, and then come to the floor. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I will close on this subject, unless the majority leader would like to make a comment. He does know I like quotes. Mr. Leader, you said the following: 
This bill is being pushed through because the majority in the Congress refuse to listen to the people. 
You said that on March 2, 2010. You were referring, of course, to us Democrats who refused to listen to the American people, because your presumption was the American people was not for the proposition we were promoting. There were two candidates for President who got major votes in this election. One was Hillary Clinton, who said: I want to keep the Affordable Care Act. And one was Donald Trump, who said: I want to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. Although, he has said then and now that he wants to have everybody covered at a cheaper price with assured benefits. As I said, we would support a bill like that. Of those two candidates that were running, one got 65 million votes and one got 62 million votes. Now, the one who got 62 million votes won the election. Why? Because of the electoral college. He is the legitimate elected President of the United States. I do not question that at all. But it ought to give some degree of humility that he got 3 million less votes than the person that espoused policies other than those espoused by President Trump. It ought to give some pause to let the American people into the process and testify. I will tell the gentleman that what the Republican Party is recommending in repeal of the ACA will have very substantial consequences. You may think they are positive, I may think they are negative, but I hope neither one of us think that that won’t have very substantial consequences for our country. In that context, we ought to have allowed, and we ought to allow, the people of this country to testify on those consequences. Again, I will move on, unless the gentleman wants to make an additional comment. I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I just didn’t know that 4 months later we were still going to litigate who won the election. It has always been the electoral college. I know the gentleman likes to make a lot of quotes, but I think if you take my quote and you look at the date and you want to go back in time and you look at the polling, I think my quote is right. I think the American people were at that exact same position. You talk about consequences. The ACA has a tremendous amount of consequences on the American public, and, unfortunately, they haven’t been positive. Some have, but the majority have not. That is why a number of people today, onethird of this Nation of the counties, 1,022, only have one healthcare provider. I listened to our President just this week right down this well. I know you haven’t commented about that or quoted anything he said there, but I listened to other people who commented about that, people who are on different sides of the aisle who I know did not vote for him. Mr. Speaker, Van Jones, I know the man well. He and I philosophically disagree. But he said that night, listening to President Trump, that he became America’s President. So I just say to my friend across the aisle, Mr. Speaker, that I think 4 months is long enough to decide who won the race, and we don’t have to come back to this. If we really want this country to come together, I don’t think that type of questioning on this floor is productive. I think it is time to come together as one Nation and start solving these problems, but not try to bring back up and litigate who really won the election. Mr. HOYER. There are so many comments I could make in response to that. No one today on this floor is questioning the legitimacy of President Trump’s Presidency—period. What I said was that more people voted for the candidate who wanted to keep the ACA than voted for the candidate who wanted to repeal the ACA. Secondly, if the gentleman refers to the polls of his quote in 2010, then I can refer to the polls today, which show that the majority of respondents believe that the ACA should be retained until and unless an acceptable replacement is provided. The gentleman talks about 6 years. Not once in those 6 years, not once, has the majority party offered a comprehensive replacement for the Affordable Care Act. They have talked about it. By the way, on the 26yearolds and on the preexisting conditions, the repeal bills didn’t say we were going to keep the preexisting conditions or the 26 age or the lifetime limits or the annual limits or the drug discounts for senior citizens. It didn’t say any of that. It said repeal the ACA. So the polling data today, Mr. Speaker, is that more people want to keep the ACA prior to the consideration and adoption of a replacement than want to repeal it. I agree with you, that is a change from 2010. And the reason it is a change is because they are now looking at it very carefully. They are figuring out what, in fact, it has done for them and their families and for their children who had preexisting conditions and for their access to affordable health care, and they are saying: We are taking a second look. They do not now reflect that poll to which the gentleman referred that is now 7 years old and, very frankly, last year’s poll. Now they look at it differently. I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, if I could just tell my friend, when I refer to a poll, I mean the main poll of election day. If I look at what happened on 2010 and I look at what took place in this last election, you are correct, one side campaigned on repealing and replacing ObamaCare. This is only the third time since World War II that the American public entrusted that to a Republican Party who have a majority in the House, a majority in the Senate, and the Presidency. So, yes, that is the poll I was looking at; the same as what transpired in 2010. That was the cornerstone and the foundation of what people said in that last election. We are moving forward on that our promise. We have been working on this for more than 6 years with hearings, townhalls, and listening. We are going through reconciliation, the regular order. So the committees will mark up, send it in to the Committee on Budget, where they will do a markup, and then it will come to the floor. I thank the gentleman for his concern. Mr. HOYER. Well, I think that is some degree of clarity in terms of the markup, and no hearing, no witnesses, and I presume no CBO score to tell us how much that legislation is going to cost. Now, Mr. Leader, two things. One is certainly less global and impactful, 
but, nevertheless, important. I am sure the gentleman met with the Governors when they were in town, as I did. They met on a bipartisan basis. I met with a lot of the Republican Governors and Democratic Governors together. They are very concerned, as you know, not only about the ACA—which we talked about, which they have great concerns of the impact on their States, Republicans and Democrats, of the repeal of the Medicaid expansion, in particular, the impact it will have on them and their people—but they also are very concerned about the Marketplace Fairness Act. That is simply, frankly, trying to protect small businesses so that they can compete, the local mom and pop store can compete with the online vendors so that everybody would have to pay the sales tax, whatever the State sales tax is. That bill, I believe, enjoys the majority support in this House. I think it has enjoyed the majority support since it passed the Senate pretty handedly. Does the gentleman know whether or not that bill is going to be considered at any point in time in the near term? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Yes, Mr. Speaker, we did meet with a bipartisan group of Governors, and that was one of the discussions as well. It is not scheduled at this time, but we will continue to work on that in committee. Our hope is to be able to find a solution in committee and be able to move that forward. Mr. HOYER. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my friend, the majority leader, that I look forward to working with him. I see that he recently observed that the attorney general ought to recuse himself in dealing with issues of the relationship between the administration during the course of the campaign and Russia, which the intelligence community has said interfered in America’s election. All of us ought to be concerned about that—a foreign government interfering in our democracy; particularly, a government that is hostile to our interests; particularly, a government led by Mr. Putin, who has committed international crimes, who, contrary to international law, invaded Crimea, still holds Crimea inconsistent with international law, and has been sanctioned. Hopefully, those sanctions will stay in place. I agree with the gentleman that, at the very least, the attorney general ought to recuse himself. I have asked him to step down. But we need to have, Mr. Speaker, an independent bipartisan commission with subpoena power, similar to the 9/ 11 Commission, for the security of our country and, yes, for the confidence building for our President to see what, in fact, were the relationships between his campaign and Russia and to what extent Russia involved itself in trying to impact on the elections of the United States. I don’t have anything further to say. Unless the gentleman wants to say something, I will yield back. I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. This is a matter for investigation by the House Intelligence Committee. For years, we have investigated Putin’s hostile international actions. Just so the gentleman does know, Mr. Speaker, this week, Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF approved the scope of their committee’s inquiry into Russia’s measures of targeting in the 2016 election. I support this bipartisan investigation. I have great faith that the committee will fully investigate all of the evidence and follow the facts wherever they lead. I know the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, made comments in regards to the attorney general. Attorney General Sessions stated this morning that whenever it is appropriate, he will recuse himself. I agree with those remarks. As far as the ongoing investigation into Russia, I would, again, direct my friend to the bipartisan effort that is underway in the House Intelligence Committee. b1200 Mr. HOYER. I thank the majority leader for his comments. Let me say that I was very disappointed to learn that Mr. NUNES , at the request of the administration, talked to members of the press before the investigations have occurred, before they have heard a single witness, to say that he really thought this was not a matter that really needed careful consideration. That is not a quote. I characterized what I read his comment to mean to the press. In addition, I understand the Department of Homeland Security was also requested, and the FBI, to talk to the press to tamp down interest in those. The American people need to be very concerned about these issues. Every Member of this Congress, a separate and coequal branch of the Government of the United States, ought to be very concerned about that. The Bible says that the truth will set us free. And the truth will give us confidence. And the truth should be known by the American people. The problem I have with the Intelligence Committee is that the Intelligence Committee—most of the information they gather is not available to the public. I don’t know what they will do moving forward. But we found in the 9/11 Commission a perfect example of a commission equally divided with two extraordinarily respected cochairs that got to the bottom and made significant recommendations, most of which—almost all of which—were adopted in a bipartisan fashion by this Congress. So, Mr. Speaker, I would hope that we would pursue that not in lieu of the Intelligence Committee—not in lieu of the Intelligence Committee—but in addition to. Benghazi, we had seven committees, and you thought on your side of the aisle that wasn’t enough, so you spent some $4 million on an additional special committee to find exactly the same conclusion. So, in this case I do not oppose the work of the Intelligence Committee, but I certainly believe the American people would expect and would want a similar bipartisan commission as they saw work on the 9/11 tragedy to give them the confidence that Russia is not in any way undermining the independence of our government or undermining the democracy that we hold so dear. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2017, TO MONDAY, MARCH 6, 2017 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Monday, March 6, 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
CELEBRATING THE 105TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GRAND CANYON STATE (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, on February 14, my home State of Arizona celebrated its 105th year as a member of the United States. The Grand Canyon State is an incredible State to raise a family in, to live in, and to play in. There is so much to love about Arizona. We have over 300 days of sunshine. We enjoy the cool pines of Flagstaff; the rustic and historic towns of Prescott, Show Low, and Tombstone, which give perspective into Arizona’s first days as a State; and we greatly benefit from the agricultural city and county of Yuma. Arizona’s lakes, mountains, forests, and skies provide countless activities throughout the year for natives and visitors alike. Arizona also enthusiastically hosts spring training, Super Bowls, college football playoff games, and the Waste Management Open, which many call ‘‘The Greatest Show on Grass.’’ Most of all, I love the people of Arizona. Arizonans are diverse, patriotic, and fiercely independent people. They bring so much talent and potential to our communities. I am deeply honored to serve my constituents in Chandler, Gilbert, Mesa, Sun Lakes, and Queen Creek. After a long week in Washington, I cannot wait to step off the plane into 
the fresh, free Arizona air. It is the greatest State in the Union, and I will always be proud to call Arizona my home. Happy birthday, State 48. 
ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS AND RUSSIA (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today after news that the Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, lied under oath about his multiple contacts with higher level officials from the Russian Government. The American people deserve full answers from the FBI on the evergrowing list of Trump administration officials with reckless and dangerous ties to Russia. The 2016 attack by Russia on U.S. democratic institutions, election systems, and political parties represents an international crime against liberty. We still don’t know the full extent of Russia’s attacks. Thus, it is essential that the FBI, which reports to the Attorney General, be absolutely free of any political pressure. Congress must empower an independent investigatory, bipartisan commission to discover the truth. And the administration must appoint a special prosecutor free of political influence by the executive branch. Any investigation must be empowered to thoroughly probe Russia’s actions against our Nation’s elections and must unearth any individuals who aided and abetted Russia in furtherance of its nefarious objectives. Without question, it is essential that our FBI and Justice Department be absolutely free of any political influence by the Attorney General. The American people are owed the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Toward restoring integrity, the Attorney General should resign in view of his misleading answers about Russia during his Senate confirmation hearing. Truth will out. 
COMPREHENSIVE EVERGLADES RESTORATION PLAN (Mr. MAST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of including Everglades restoration in the President’s infrastructure plan for America. The Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan is the most ambitious ecosystem restoration ever attempted and represents the ultimate infrastructure package for Florida, but many critical projects designed to add harmful Lake Okeechobee discharges and algal blooms into my community are far behind where they should be and becoming far more costly by the delay in full funding. The President has touted his record of building worldclass projects ahead of schedule and under budget; so I am calling on him to create an Everglades restoration infrastructure task force, secure the full funding, and accelerate the CERP projects to completion. Mr. Speaker, my constituents have waited long enough to realize the massive benefits of Everglades restoration. Now let’s seize this moment and put this President and this Congress to work to finish the job. f 
UNDERSTAND THE LEGAL MARIJUANA INDUSTRY (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, Attorney General Sessions stated we won’t be a better, healthier Nation if marijuana is sold at every corner grocery store. His Justice Department also signaled that it would raid a marijuana industry convention being held on tribal lands in my State of Nevada. While it is pretty clear that the Attorney General has some other problems to worry about now, I would note that his statement and his department’s actions demonstrate a complete lack of understanding of the legal marijuana industry. The industry, which is highly regulated in States that have chosen to legalize marijuana, does, indeed, face challenges in banking, taxes, advertising, security, and working with veterans. These need to be addressed by Congress. But in the meantime, I invite Mr. Sessions: Come to Nevada. Meet with members of the industry. Find out how it really works before you make rash decisions about enforcement that will counter the votes of many people across this country. 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT AND MEGAN TRINKLEY AND MISSION FIRST HOUSING GROUP VOLUNTEERS AND SUPPORTERS (Mr. MEEHAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Robert and Megan Trinkley and the many supporters and volunteers of the Mission First Housing Group, which places homeless veterans in need in safe, affordable, and sustainable housing. Last Friday evening, I had the great pleasure to be present at the third annual Homes for Heroes fundraising event in Delaware County, Pennsylvania. I joined the Trinkleys and iconic radio personality and Vietnam veteran John DeBella and hundreds of community supporters who were all committed to quality housing for our vets. The Homes for Heroes event was founded in 2015 as a way for the Trinkleys to honor the memory of Megan’s late father, a United States Air Force veteran. Homes for Heroes raised more than $40,000 last year and surpassed that number this year. Mr. Speaker, on any given night, some 40,000 of our veterans are homeless, and that is too many. But thanks to the work of Robert and Megan Trinkley and all of those who have supported Homes for Heroes, some three dozen veterans right now in our region sleep in safe, affordable housing. I am grateful for their efforts, and I applaud them for their service to the homeless veterans to assure that no hero he is left behind. f 
CELEBRATING WOMEN HELPING WOMEN (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, as we kick off Women’s History Month, I want to recognize Women Helping Women, celebrating 40 years of service to the people in my district of Maui County. Since its founding in 1977, Women Helping Women has been an indispensable source of strength and support for survivors of domestic violence in Maui County, many of whom have fled courageously away from lifethreatening situations with nothing more than the clothes on their backs, a few dollars in their pockets, and the desire to live without fear. Many of these women flee with young children and have no one to turn to and nowhere to go. Each year, this organization serves more than 1,500 women, men, and children on the Islands of Maui and Lanai through a variety of programs, projects, and activities focused on direct intervention, shelter, advocacy, education, empowerment, and prevention. Mahalo to Women Helping Women, and congratulations on reaching this 40th anniversary year. 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE TO SHERIFF’S DEPUTY WES HARPER (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the actions of Clark County, Indiana, Sheriff’s Deputy Wes Harper. On the evening of February 21, Deputy Harper was dispatched to a call for an unconscious person. While en route, Deputy Harper’s dispatcher advised him that this individual was, in fact, a 9monthold child, and it was possible that the child had drowned. Wasting no time, Deputy Harper arrived on scene, scooped the infant up into his arms, and dove back into the patrol vehicle with an ambulance still minutes away. As his fellow officer drove to Kosair Children’s Hospital, Deputy Harper provided CPR to the unconscious infant. As they pulled into 
the hospital, the infant regained consciousness and began to breathe on its own. The infant was released from the hospital the following day. When asked about how this call had affected his mindset for the rest of his shift, Deputy Harper was, as he always is, humble and expressed how glad and thankful he was that the young child would be all right. Deputy Wes Harper’s quick thinking and selfless action speak volumes of the training of Clark County’s first responders, as well as their devotion to Hoosiers all the way across Clark County. His actions are a prime example of the high standards and traditions of law enforcement officers everywhere across this country. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s Ninth District, I would like to express our gratitude to Clark County Sheriff’s Deputy Wes Harper for his lifesaving actions. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL COLORECTAL CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize March 2017 as National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month. This month offers us an opportunity to raise awareness about colorectal cancer and to recommit to taking action against this disease. Colorectal cancer is one of the most preventable forms of cancer, yet it remains the second leading cause of cancer death among men and women, combined, in the United States. This year, more than 130,000 individuals in the United States will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer. Approximately 50,000 more will die from it. Too often, individuals are forced to forego screening because of high insurance costs. In order to get more people screened and save lives, we need to break down the financial barriers to treatment. Last month, I joined the Congressman CHARLIE DENTand L EONARD LANCE  to introduce the Removing Barriers to Colorectal Cancer Screening Act. Our bill eliminates colonoscopy costsharing for Medicare patients so that every patient has access to this lifesaving treatment. Mr. Speaker, we cannot let cost stand in the way of care. I urge Congress to quickly advance this legislation. Patients are counting on it. 
b1215 EMPLOYEES UNDER INVESTIGATION (Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, something that has not gotten nearly enough attention in the media concerns security. We know that there were people working—Imran Awan, Abid Awan, Jamal Awan, Hina Alvi, Natalia Sova—and I have heard that one of these has fled back to Pakistan since being investigated. They worked on Democratic computer systems. And although we have been told, ‘‘Well, they couldn’t get into the SCIF and get into the classified section,’’ they had access to congressional computers. I am told that if you can get access to one Congress Member’s Outlook program, you can easily hack into many others. This has got to be investigated. It appears to be a major crime and a major breach of trust in the House. I hope my friends across the aisle that use these people will step forward and help us plug the hole. f 
SMASH VECTORBORNE DISEASES (Mr. SOTO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to help smash Zika and other vectorborne diseases. It is my privilege to reintroduce the bipartisan Strengthening Mosquito Abatement for Safety and Health Act, or SMASH Act. H.R. 1310 has over 14 cosponsors already, both Democrats and Republicans, coming together to tackle this great challenge. As we saw last year, in Florida, Puerto Rico, across Latin America, and beyond, mosquitoborne diseases are constantly evolving and can quickly have new and devastating consequences. We thought we knew Zika, but then it changed. So we have to stay a step ahead. That is what the SMASH Act does. It keeps us ahead of perennial threats like Zika, West Nile, and other diseases by expanding programs for mosquito borne and vectorborne disease surveillance and control. Investing and fighting all these diseases together will protect the health of countless Americans and save us money down the road. The scientists and public health experts at the Centers for Disease Control in my home State know the tools they need. Colleagues, let’s get together and give it to them. 
REFUGEES WANT TO LIVE IN PEACE (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, it has been a little more than a day since our President addressed this body for the first time. Many of us hoped that President Trump would finally lay out a positive vision for America. Instead, the address flamed the fears about immigrants and refugees. I invited Syrian refugee Bothina Matar as my guest to the joint session to show our President that, despite false claims, refugees approved through our vigorous vetting program simply want to live in peace. After speaking with Bothina about her family’s experience in Syria and at a Jordanian refugee camp, it is clear that our refugee program is successfully completing its mission. After Bothina and her family were first referred as potential candidates for resettlement, they endured a rigorous 18monthlong vetting process. Only then was the family offered the opportunity to seek refuge in Dallas and put on the path to selfsufficiency. Our country is welcoming, and it is a place that, despite what the President and House Republicans claim, we can both protect the American people and extend our hand to the most vulnerable amongst us. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 1, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : On February 28, 2017, pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to consider eight resolutions provided by the General Services Administration at the request of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The Committee has authorized these leases to be executed pursuant to GSA’s leasing authority in accordance with the provisions of the Public Buildings Act. The Committee continues to work to reduce the cost of federal property and leases. The eight resolutions considered are part of the VA’s Construction, Long Range Capital Plan and include consolidations and relocation of existing space to improve the VA’s delivery of healthcare. I have enclosed copies of the resolutions adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on February 28, 2017. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. Enclosures. COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
AFFAIRS , NEW PORT RICHEY , FLORIDA  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, a lease of up to 114,000 net usable square feet of space, and 770 parking spaces, for the Department of Veterans Affairs for a Community Based Outpatient Clinic in New Port Richey, Florida to replace and consolidate five existing leases at a proposed unserviced annual cost of $3,876,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 356/2 here EH020317.001lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a consolidated outpatient clinic lease 
of approximately 114,000 net usable square feet (NUSF) for the U.S. 
Department of Veterans Affairs {VA). This action will consolidate five separate outpatient facilities in New 
Port ruchey, Florida. The lease will provide continued services for the New 
Port ruchey veteran community and provide the necessary expansion services to meet current and projected health care service delivery gaps in the market. Description 
Current Total Annual Cost: Veterans Affairs 53,565 114,000 60,435 
52 (starting at Highway 19 and extending east to Suncoast Parkway 
Suncoast Parkway (Route 589) and extending west to Highway 
(starting at State Route 52 and extending south to the 
West: Highway 19 (starting at the Pasco County Line and extending north to 
Insert offset folio 356/3 here EH020317.002lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
A new lease 114,000 NUSF lease in New Port Richey will replace and consolidate the five existing leases in the New 
Richey Specialty Outpatient Clinic; the 792 NUSF Port Richey Eye Clinic; the 5,276 
NUSF Port Richey Mental Health Clinic; the 6,078 NUSF Port Richey HomeBased 
Primary Care facility; and the 3,200 NUSF Port· Richey Dental Clinic. The current space 
in these facilities is insufficient to meet the projected needs of the veteran community. 
Space limitations and an increase in workload limit veterans' access 
to services in a timely manner. Additionally, the existing locations have safety and security deficiencies. The new facility 
will enhance VA outpatient services by closing space and utilization gaps identified 
in the Strategic Capital Investment Planning process and will provide a single location in the New 
Port Richey area to serve the outpatient care needs of veterans and their 
families. The new lease will allow VA to expand its current Primary Care, Mental 
Health, Specialty Care, Eye Clinic, Home Based Primary Care, and Dental services to veterans 
in a rightsized, stateoftheart, energy efficient health care facility. The expansion 
of those services, particularly Mental Health services, would support 
VA 's targeted goal of eliminating veteran homelessness. Compared to the current configuration 
of five existing clinics, the consolidation into a single facility would generate operational efficiencies and economies 
of scale and improve veteran satisfaction by offering needed clinical services at one centralized location. The consolidated lease will also provide economies 
significant cost savings in utilities, transportation, general supply procurement and a reduction 
1 This estimate ill for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease lo account 
for inflation. The proposed rental rate is unserviced and excludes all operating e~tpenses, whether paid by the 
1 New leases may contain an escalation clnuse to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 356/4 here EH020317.003lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval 
to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
The Government will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior 
to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _____ n_e_ce...;m_b_e_r_2_1_, 2_0_1_6 ______ _ 
Insert offset folio 356/6 here EH020317.004lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes an outpatient clinic lease of 
approximately 66,000 net usable square feet (NUSF) for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs 
{VA), in Oahu, HI. The lease will enable the VA Pacific Island Health Care 
System to more efficiently provide services to veterans located on the island. 
Current Total Annual Rent: Current Total Unserviced Annual Rent: Estimated 
to 20 years North; Queen LiliuokaJani Fwy (starting at Kalaeloa Blvd, extending northeast 
East: Fort Weaver Rd (starting at Queen Liliuokalani Fwy and extending south 
South: Geiger Rd (starting at Fort Weaver Rd and extending to Roosevelt Ave); Roosevelt Ave (starting at Geiger Rd and extending west to Boxer Rd); Malakole 
Saratoga St and extending west to Kalaeloa Blvd) West: Kalaeloa Blvd (starting 
1 This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 perQ!nt annually to the effective dale of the lease to 
account for inflation. The proposed rental rnte i~ un$erviced and e:occludes all operating expenses, whether paid by the 
Insert offset folio 356/7 here EH020317.005lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Congressional District: 1, 2 Veterans currently access services at the VA operated 
Spark M. Matsunaga Medical Center (located at the Tripier Anny Medical Center), which is an oversubscribed multi­specialty 
clinic treating over 25,000 Veterans annually. It is inconveniently located with regard 
to the Ewa Plain/Leeward, central, and north shore areas of Oahu and space constraints prevent the expansion 
of services. Further, services at the existing facility are compressed and utilization gaps continue 
to increase without additional clinical space. The proposed lease will address utilization and space gaps at the current 
support major VA initiatives identified by the VA Secretary including: improve veterans' mental health, veterans' experience and veterans' access to health care; enable 21st century benefits; and establish strong 
health informatics. It will address the need to provide ongoing primary care, mental health and specialty care services to veterans residing on the island. Consolidation 
of functions enables the VA Pacific Island Health Care System to more efficiently provide services to veterans and improves access to care for veterans by reducing wait and drive times and enables VA 
to meet all current and projected demand for services. Additionally, the proposed lease 
of minority and woman veterans through outreach, education, and monitoring 
of the provision of VA benefits and services. The Ewa Plain/Leeward, central, and north shore areas 
of Oahu contain many minority and woman veterans that will be 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required net usable area. 
2 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annunl changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 356/8 here EH020317.006lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The Government will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior 
to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need; 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ D_e_ce_m_b_e_r_2_1_, 2_0_1_6 _______ _ 
Insert graphic folio 356/10 EH020317.007lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes an outpatient clinic lease of 
approximately 203,000 net usable square feet (NUSF) for the U.S. Department of 
are currently serviced at the Carl T. Hayden VA Medical Center (V AMC ). The lease 
will provide continued services for the Phoenix veterans community as well as 
provide a critical expansion of services to meet current and projected health care service needs 
at N 35th Ave and extending east to 1\ 
East: 32nd St (starting atE Lincoln Drive and extending south 
South: Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport extending west along Buckeye 
West: 35th Ave (starting at W Buckeye Rd and 
1 This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective dale of the lease to 
ac~:ount for inflation. The proposed rental rate is unservlced and excludes all operating expenses. whether paid by the lessor or directly 
Insert graphic folio 356/11 EH020317.008lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The 203,000 net usable square feet (NUSF) clinic will enhance VA outpatient services 
by closing wait times, workload, and space gaps as identified in the Strategic Capital Investment 
Planning process and providing primary care exam room configuration in accordance with the 
Patient Aligned Care Team model to meet projected demand for servtces. Clinical services provided at this location include but are not limited to 
Primary Care, Mental Health, Medical and Surgical Specialties, and associated ancillary services. Veterans are currently treated at the VAMC. The V AMC lacks sufficient space to accommodate the functions critical to meeting the current and projected clinical workload demand. The new location will provide stateoftheart clinical space and a more functional and effective health care environment for veterans, veterans' 
V AMC and the university affiliate may allow for efficiencies in education, recruitment, and research. 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving thisprospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required net usable area. 
The Government will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior to the effective date 
of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
2 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert graphic folio 356/12 EH020317.009lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ D_ec_e_m_b_e_r_2_L_2_o_I6 _______ _ 
Insert graphic folio 356/14 EH020317.010lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The U,S, General Services Administration (GSA) proposes an outpatient clinic lease of 
approximately 114,300 net usable square feet (NUSF) for the U.S. Department of 
Veterans Affairs (VA), to replace the clinic currently located in a 56,550 NUSF building that is unable to meet 
The lease will provide continued services for the Ponce veteran community and provide the necessary expansion services to meet current and projected health care service delivery gaps in the market. 
and extending to the eastern boundary of the city 
(starting at State Road 14 and extending south to the coast line) West: 
10 and continuing to State Road 133), then State Road 
123 (south)), then State Road 123 (extending south to State Road 
Road 9), then State Road 9 (extending south to 
Insert graphic folio 356/15 EH020317.011lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Current Total Annual Cost: Current Total Unserviced Annual Cost: Estimated Unserviced Rental Rate 
The proposed 114,300 NUSF facility will provide expanded outpatient services to address utilization and space gaps in the southwestern, south and southeast regions 
Puerto Rico that were identified through the Strategic Capital Investment Planning (SCIP) 
process. At 56,550 NUSF, the current Ponce Outpatient Clinic does not provide sufficient space, parking, or the medical technology to meet the projected needs 
Several programs currently provided at the Ponce Outpatient Clinic have both workload and space gaps identified by the Strategic Capital Investment 
Planning (SCIP) process. To address these gaps, the replacement 
Ponce Outpatient Clinic lease will include all current services: 
Primary Care; Mental Health Clinic; Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation 
Prosthetics; Sterile Processing and Distribution (SPD); and Acquisition and Material Management Service 
(AMMS). The replacement clinic will also enhance and expand the following programs: 
Women's Care, Audiology and Speech Pathology, and Home Care. Finally, the replacement clinic will also add several programs: Chemotherapy, Gastroenterology, Day Hospital, Mental Health 
Program, Imaging Center, and MRI suite. Although the proposed services in the replacement clinic are currently offered in San Juan, this is a oneto 
two~hour drive for some veterans. Locating and expanding programs in 
Ponce will afford medical care to the underserved catchment areas of Ponce, 
Mayaguez, and Guayama and improve access to veterans in these areas. 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
1 This estimate IS for fiscul year 2018 and m11y be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to 
accoum for inflation. The proposed rental rate is unserviced and excludes nil operating expenses, whether paid by the lessor or 
J New leases may contain an escalation cl11use to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes nnd operating costs. 
Insert graphic folio 356/16 EH020317.012lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required net usable area. 
Interim Leasing The Government will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior to the effective date 
of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. Certification 
of Need The proposed project is the best solution 
Insert offset folio 356/18 here EH020317.013lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Executive Summary Prospectus Number: PCA 0 J. VA 17 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a consolidated outpatient clinic lease 
of approximately 77,000 net usable square feet (NUSF) for the U.S. 
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). This action will consolidate two existing leases 
The lease will provide continued services for the Redding veteran community and 
provide the necessary expansion services to meet current and projected health care 
service delivery gaps in the market Description Occupant: Current 
Insert offset folio 356/19 here EH020317.014lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Congressional District: 1 Current Total Annual Cost: Current Total Unserviced Annual Cost: Estimated Unserviced Rental Rate 
The 77,000 NUSF facility will address utilization, space, and wait time gaps through the consolidation and expansion 
of two expiring leases into a new stateoftheart leased outpatient clinic. The new consolidated lease 
will provide space for a second xray unit, mammography, and will accommodate 
17 additional mental health providers. The proposed project will also provide the clinical space necessary 
to accommodate projected workload demands and improve access for veterans. The consolidated outpatient clinic 
will allow for growth in Primary Care, Mental Health, and Specialty Care for the following services: Laboratory and 
Pathology, Audiology, Cardiology, Gastroenterology, Neurology, Endocrinology, Dermatology, Infectious Diseases, 
Pulmonary Medicine, Homeless Services, Mental Health, Primary Care, Urgent Care Radiology, EarNoseThroat ENT, General Surgery, Obstetrics and Gynecology, Orthopedics, 
Podiatry, and Urology. The new leased facility will add telemedicine exam 
rooms to provide specialty services in Allergy and Immunology, Nephrology, and Rheumatology. 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required net usable area. 
1 Tllis estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to 
account for inflation. The proposed rental mte is unserviced and excludes all operating expenses, whether paid by tbe lessor 
J New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 356/20 here EH020317.015lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior to the effective date 
of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. Certification 
of Need The proposed project is the best solution to meet 
21, 2016 Submitted at Washington, DC, onRecommended:_dt.........:.....· ... ~Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Insert offset folio 356/22 here EH020317.016lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a consolidated outpatient clinic lease 
of approximately 99,986 net usable square feet (NUS F) for the U.S. Department of 
Veterans Affairs (VA), merging the two existing separate outpatient facilities in San Diego, California. The lease 
will provide continued services for the San Diego veteran community and provide the necessary expansion services to meet current and projected 
Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority: Delineated Area: Veterans Affairs 53,473 
Up to 20 years North: Navajo Rd (starting at Hwy. 125 and extending east to Lake Murray Blvd), then Lake Murray Blvd (extending south to Beaver Lake Dr), then Beaver Lake Dr (extending west to Cowles Mtn Blvd), then Cowles Mtn Blvd (extending south to Lake Adlon Dr), then Lake Adlon 
Dr (extending west to Coral Lake Ave), then Coral Lake Ave (extending south to Lake Andrita Ave), then Lake Andrita Ave (extending west to Twin Lake Dr), then Twin Lake 
Jackson Dr), then Jackson Dr (extending west to Golfcrest Dr), then Golfcrest Dr (extending north to Tuxedo Rd), then Tuxedo Rd (extending east to Volclay Dr), then Volclay Dr {extending north 
San tar Ave (extending northeast to Jennite Dr), then Jennite Dr (extending north to Ruane 
St), then Ruane St (extending west to Golfcrest Dr), then Golfcrest 
Insert offset folio 356/23 here EH020317.017lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
north to Aero Dr), and then Aero Dr (extending 
El Cajon Blvd), then El Cajon Blvd (extending east 
East Hwy 125 (starting at 18 I El Cajon Blvd 
1 This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to 
account for inflation, The proposed rental rate is unserviced and excludes all operating expenses, whether paid by the 
l New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 356/24 here EH020317.018lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Prospectus Number: PCA0 1VA 1 7 Congressional District: 53 A new 
99t986 NUSF lease in San Diego will replace and consolidate the two existing leases in the 
San Diego/Mission Valley market including the 43,473 NUSF Mission 
Valley Clinic, the 10,000 NUSF Mission George Clinic. The current space in these facilities 
is insufficient to meet the projected needs of the veteran community and cannot address the growing need for Women's Health, Blind 
Services, or Dental and Ambulatory Surgery. The facilities have poorly configured space and numerous deficiencies are currently present at the existing clinics. A new, single lease consolidating the existing locations will create economies 
will yield significant cost savings as well as the ability to expand services to a greater number 
facility will enhance VA outpatient services by integrating care delivery (Primary, Mental Health, Specialty Care and 
Ancillary Services) as well as expand services for Women's Health, Audiology, Blind 
Resolutions of Approval Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a 
facility that will yield the required net usable area. 
The Government will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior to the effective date 
of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 356/25 here EH020317.019lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _____ D_e_c_em_be_r_2_1_, _20_1_6 ______ _ 
Insert offset folio 356/27 here EH020317.020lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a consolidated outpatient clinic lease 
of approximately 190,800 net usable square feet (NUSF) for the U.S. 
Department of Veterans Affairs {VA). This action will consolidate VA operations that are currently located in seven 
separate outpatient facilities in San Antonio, TX. The lease will provide continued services for the 
San Antonio veteran community and provide the necessary expansion services to meet current and projected health care service delivery gaps in the market. 
Current Total Annual Cost: Current Total Unserviced Annual Cost: Veterans Affairs 110,203 190,800 80,597 
Starting at North Loop 1604 W at the intersection with 
South: Take McDermott Hwy southbound to Huebner Rd. Continue southwest on Huebner Rd to Bandera Rd. 
East: Take NW l410westbound to TX151. Take TX151 north and continue to the intersection with W Loop 
FM 1560 and Bandera Rd. 1,526 Operating Lease $2,151,854 (leases effective 
Insert offset folio 356/28 here EH020317.021lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
190,800 NUSF lease would replace and consolidate seven existing leases in the 
San Antonio market including the Frank Tejeda Outpatient Clinic (FTOPC), three annex leases, and 
three specialty care clinic leases, as well as one contract clinic, which currently occupy approximately 
110,203 NUSF of space. The current space in these 
facilities is insufficient to meet the projected needs of the veteran community. The existing clinics are operating 
accol1llllodate the projected workload increase of 20,000 primary care clinic stops by 
2019, and cannot be expanded. Several of the leased facilities contain environmental issues including air quality concerns, which have been reported to the 
Labor Occupational Safety and Hazard Administration by VA employees. Due to the tenn structure 
of the leases, VA is responsible for maintenance costs and has spent a 
significant amount to remediate existing mold. These conditions are expected to worsen and will require additional investment 
to prevent impacts to veteran and employee health. The new facility 
will establish a centralized location for delivery of coordinated health care and reduce 
utilization and space gaps in primary care, mental health, and specialty care as well 
as consolidate medicalsurgical specialties, diagnostics services, dental, eye, women's health, radiology, and phannacy. Overall operating efficiencies generated from the proposed consolidation would produce significant cost savings 
as well as the ability to meet the increases in projected workload. Resolutions 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a 
facility that will yield the required net usable area, 
1 This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to 
account for inflation. The proposed rental rote is unserviccd and excludes all operating expenses, whether paid by the 
2 New leases may contnin an escalation clause to pmvtde for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 356/29 here EH020317.022lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The Government will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior 
to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _____ D_e_c_em_h_er_2_1_,_2_0_l6 _______ _ 
Insert offset folio 356/31 here EH020317.023lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a consolidated outpatient clinic lease 
of approximately 140,000 net usable square feet (NUSF) for the U.S. 
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) merging two separate outpatient facilities in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The lease 
will provide continued services for the Tulsa veteran community and provide the necessary expansion services to meet current and projected health care service delivery gaps in the market. Description 
E 9lst St (starting at S Lewis Ave and extending east to 
N I 29th Ave (starting at 1244 junction and extending south 
St), then W Albany St IE 61st St {extending west to 
S Garnett Rd), then S Garnett Rd {extending south 
West: E 9151 St (starting at S Lewis Ave and extending west to Riverside Pkwy), then Riverside 
Pkwy I Riverside Dr (extending north to I44), then I44 (extending west to Hwy 75), then Hwy 75 (extending north to 
I244), then I244 (extending north to Hwy 412) 945 Operating Lease 
Insert offset folio 356/32 here EH020317.024lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
A new 140,000 NUSF lease would replace and consolidate two existing leases in the Tulsa market including the existing Tulsa 
Outpatient Clinic and Tulsa Behavioral Medicine Clinic that currently occupy approximately 
in workload in recent years and the implementation of the Uniform Services 
Package for Mental Health Services has rendered the existing space too small to provide adequate services. Additional space is not available 
at either location and both have existing deficiencies. This lack 
of space and functional obsolescence, along with the projected workload increases, exacerbates patient wait times, and decreases overall Veteran satisfaction. The new facility will establish a centralized location for delivery 
of coordinated health care and reduce utilization and space gaps 
in primary care, mental health, and specialty care as well 
as consolidate medicalsurgical specialties, diagnostics services, dental, eye, women's health, radiology, and pharmacy. The new 
facility will enhance VA outpatiept services by closing wait time, utilization, and space 
gaps, specifically for Mental Health and Medical and Surgical Specialties, as identified in the 
Strategic Capital Investment Planning (SCIP) process. This project will allow 
VA to provide timely access to Primary Care {including women's health), Imaging, 
Urology), General Mental Health, as well as Specialty Mental Health (including 
1 This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date ofthe lease to 
account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is unserviced and excludes all operating expenses, whether paid by the 
1 New lenses may contnin an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 356/33 here EH020317.025lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Prospectus Number: POK~O IV A I 7 Congressional District: 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
The Government will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing prior to 
the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ___ D_ec_e_m_b_e_r_2....;L_2_0_l6 ________ _ 
STATEHOOD FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House this afternoon because a very significant event occurred yesterday in the Senate. The Mayor of the District of Columbia, the city council chair, a statehood representative, a statehood senator all came to the Capitol to deliver a petition from the residents of the District of Columbia. Residents voted 85 percent strong that the District of Columbia become the 51st State. At the same time, I introduced the bill to bring that about. This afternoon I want to discuss why the residents of this city would want to become a State. I find that Members of Congress are almost entirely ignorant of the status of the District of Columbia, and, frankly, I cannot really blame them. Members of Congress have no reason to be concerned about the District and its 670,000 residents. That is my concern. Candidly, I wish Members of Congress would not be concerned at all. There are a number of ways in which the Congress could leave the city alone. Statehood is, of course, the ultimate reason and way; and it is the only way that the residents of this city can become equal to the residents represented by my colleagues. This is indeed, as we come now full throttle into the 21st century, in the name of democracy and of American values, why statehood for the District of Columbia simply must come. On this House floor, the residents of the District of Columbia have no vote and, of course, they have no senators whatsoever. What do they give to their country? Let us begin with something very tangible. The residents of this city are number one per capita in the federal taxes they pay to support the United States of America. Let us translate that into a comparison to the taxes my colleagues pay. The residents of this city pay more in federal taxes than the residents of 22 States, and this city is not yet a State. When a matter comes to this floor, every Member can vote on that matter, even when that matter involves uniquely the District of Columbia— every Member can vote on that matter, except the Member who represents the District of Columbia. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, where the Member representing the District can vote, just voted to eliminate a District law. Imagine that. In the United States of America, the Congress of the United States, unaccountable to the residents of the city of Washington, D.C., on local matters can overturn a bill. They have done so in committee on an admittedly controversial bill. I don’t expect every State and city to agree with the District of Columbia on matters affecting our city. The DC Death with Dignity bill would allow people to take their own lives with a drug in their possession administered by themselves. In order to do so, two doctors have to have found that the resident does not have more than six months to live, among other requirements. A third of those who choose this option in the United States never use the drug. How do I know that? Because six States already have death with dignity laws. That means 24 Republican Members of this House represent States that have death with dignity laws yet the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform under Chairman CHAFFETZ just voted to keep the District from doing what six States already allow. This bill was introduced as a so called disapproval resolution. Such a resolution requires an actual vote in the House and the Senate. It was introduced very late and taken up very late because I believe that the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and the Speaker of the House didn’t want to bring that bill to the floor because there are six States that have precisely this kind of law and because there are 24 Republican Members who would be implicated and would be caught in a matter of supreme hypocrisy if they voted against the very same bill for the District of Columbia. Yesterday, the Mayor of the city, Mayor Muriel Bowser, and council chair Philip Mendelson came to the Senate, who hosted us, to deliver a petition to become the 51st State. This is a procedure that is allowed under our Constitution. It is a procedure that was used in Tennessee where all the prerequisites for statehood have to be fulfilled, the boundaries, et cetera; and you simply present a petition. That is how Tennessee and a number of other States became States. I am very grateful to Senator TOM CARPER for hosting us in the Senate where we have no representation. Senator CARPER of Delaware is a champion of statehood. He has introduced this bill for years now and did so again in the Senate. It is not unusual for Democrats in the Senate to support D.C. statehood. The four top Democratic leaders are among those who cosponsored the bill last year. I expect that to be the same this year because Senator TOMCARPER  introduced the bill in the Senate yesterday, even as I introduced the bill in the House at the same time. I want to just say, once again, how faithful and true to his own principles Senator CARPER has been in supporting D.C. statehood and stepping out front to introduce the bill. You might ask: What chance, with a Republican House, Senate, and President, do you have of getting D.C. statehood? Why would you bother? No matter who sat in the White House today—and Hillary Clinton was a strong champion of statehood—we are about where we would have been. The work really isn’t in the Presidency. The work is in the Congress and, even more so, in the District of Columbia. The District of Columbia has to itself get this shameful record out of having residents who have served in every war, including the war that created the United States of America, paying taxes beyond those paid by other residents. This is on us, and we recognize it. I think you will see a social media campaign informing the American people of what they do not now know because they wouldn’t tolerate it if they did. b1230 It was very difficult, until the age of social media, to get such word out without a massive advertising campaign. All we need to do now is use the existing social media, and I think we can change this shameful situation. I am very encouraged by what has happened. Yesterday, 60 Democrats joined me as original cosponsors. An original cosponsor is a Member who stands with the sponsor on equal footing to introduce the bill. That already beats the record we set for last year when we had 93 original cosponsors in the 114th Congress. By the end of that Congress, 72 percent of House Democrats were cosponsors of the bill, and we could have gotten many more than that but for the logistics and the timing involved. Our goal is to improve our chances for statehood every year; one way to do that is to get more cosponsors every year, and we are meeting that goal. Why are we pursuing statehood? It is not out of hubris. It is not that we want to be like Delaware and New York. It is because it is the only way to become full and equal citizens of the United States, and because we have tried everything else. Without statehood, Members will continue to bring our matters to the House floor for unaccountable Members to vote on them. Without statehood, we won’t have the right to vote on this House floor. We won’t have the right to vote in the Senate. We have tried short of statehood. I pay tribute to former Representative Tom Davis, who, in the majority, sponsored a bill with me to get a House vote, only a House vote for the District of Columbia. This was a very important effort strongly supported by the residents of the District of Columbia to say: look, you don’t give us statehood, let us get there gradually, give us the House vote. 
Tom Davis saw that Utah did not have the House vote because their missionaries were not counted by the census, and they had expected an additional House Representative. The Governor of the State and the State legislature supported the action and most States have used similar bipartisan action to come into the Union. This, of course, would have been only a House vote; one for very Republican Utah, one for Democratic D.C. This bill was passed in the House—thank you, Utah—and was passed in the Senate. And the only reason the District of Columbia does not have a vote, as I speak, is because the National Rifle Association was able to place an amendment on the bill that, in the event D.C. got a vote, would have eliminated all of our gun laws, each and every one. A big city without gun laws, of course, is open territory, and we were left with the woeful and shameful option of giving up our vote, a vote we could have had. We also have tried, short of statehood, to get budget autonomy. Imagine bringing our budget, raised in the District of Columbia, $7 billion, and asking Members who don’t know anything about it to vote on it. That is what the residents of the District of Columbia have to do. I pay tribute to the former Republican chairman of the House committee of jurisdiction, Oversight and Government Reform, DARRELL ISSA, who held a hearing when he chaired the committee on D.C.’s local matters, including its local budget. Upon hearing the testimony about this district’s financial conditions, its reserves, its growth among the best of the Nation, upon hearing in testimony from the Mayor, the city council, the chief financial officer, despite meeting those marks, thenChairman DARRELL  ISSA supported budget autonomy for the District of Columbia, and worked tirelessly for this goal during his chairmanship of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. So I am not here to say that there is no sense of a necessity to have something done, as you see that in former Chairman DARRELL ISSA’s actions. For that matter, Chairman JASON  CHAFFETZ , last week, called for the District of Columbia to be made a part of Maryland in order that it would get Senators and Representatives. He wasn’t joking. He wasn’t making fun of us. There has long been a small group of Republicans who acknowledge the shame of having almost 700,000 Americans without representation in the House and the Senate. And one of the easier ways to get it, they think, is to retrocede, that is the word, because the District was created out of Maryland and Virginia. Virginia itself cast off, the District of Columbia because it was afraid Congress would abolish slavery. So the notion is, go back to Maryland. My first notion or response is: Have you asked Maryland? In other words, you don’t decide to reconfigure a State with a big city, and Maryland has only one big city, because you are fulfilling one value without fulfilling the other value, which is to make sure you have the permission of that State. Now, Maryland has been a very friendly State to the District of Columbia. But the District is not asking Maryland to become a part of its State. We want to become the 51st State of the United States of America, and it would probably be easier to do that than to become a part of Maryland. Now, we also are not insisting that there is nothing else that will do. We have asked for legislative autonomy. Why should our legislation have to lay over here for 30 days, or 60 days? They must be legislative days, so that often means 6 months, 9 months, to give the Congress time to see whether the Congress wants to overturn legislation it had nothing to do with and knows nothing about. The fact is that the legislative autonomy provision is virtually never used. Instead, the Congress tries to add amendments to the District’s budget, a sneaky, easy way, they think, to overturn a law. So they keep legislative autonomy on the books inconveniencing the District and never use it. They fear budget autonomy because they wouldn’t have anything to attach matters to like overturning our gun laws. They regularly try to do that on appropriations. So what you have is a kind of invitation for Members to interfere with somebody else’s district, my district, instead of attending to your own business. People did not send my colleagues here to attend to the business of the District of Columbia, and we intend to call them out every time they interfere. So, yes, we are struggling for the components of statehood, even before we achieve statehood, knowing how difficult and what a high climb that is. Madam Speaker, could I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. TENNEY ). The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 11 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, if there is such a thing as earning statehood, and of course there is not, let me indicate the ways in which the District of Columbia has, indeed, earned statehood. Our economy is one of the strongest in the United States. It is a $12.5 billion budget total. That is a budget larger than 12 States represented in this House by my colleagues. How many of my colleagues can boast a $2 billion surplus the way the District of Columbia can? That would be, of course, the envy of most States. Our city has a per capita income higher than that of any State. We are not asking for any handouts. Our total personal income is higher than that of seven States. Our per capita personal consumption expenditures are higher than those of any States. This is a prosperous district, that would bring luster to the United States as the 51st State. Its growth rate is third highest in the Nation; 1,000 new people coming to live in the Nation’s Capital every single month. As to our population, the population of the District of Columbia, is in the league with the population of seven States. We have a greater population than Vermont and Wyoming. And, if you look at the seven States that have one Representative, as the District of Columbia does, then you will see that we are all about the same. Yet, those seven States that are about the same in population as the District of Columbia, each has one Representative and two Senators, while we are unrepresented in the Senate of the United States. I don’t even want to speak, but I must, about perhaps the most poignant reason why the District should have statehood. The residents of this city have fought and died in every war, including the war that created our country itself. I remember coming to the floor on those occasions where we have voted whether or not to go to war, and on each of those occasions, residents of the District of Columbia have gone. I remember the purple fingers in Iraq and Afghanistan that signified that our country had given them the vote, while the very members of the armed services from the District of Columbia who had served came back to the District of Columbia without a vote themselves. Is that an irony that this body can even stand any longer? Fought and died in all the great wars of the 20th century, and we remember especially Vietnam, when there were more District of Columbia casualties than from 10 States of the Union. I don’t want to go into the technicalities of congressional power, but Congress has the authority to make our city a State because of its Article IV, section 3 power to admit new States to the Union. When you combine that with Congress’ Article I, section 8, clause 17 power over the seat of the Federal Government, which is what the District is, it is an accident, an accident of history that the District does not have the same votes as other Americans. b1245 It is a slander to think that those who went to war on the slogan of ‘‘no taxation without representation’’ would leave any residents of our city without representation. There was a march by Revolutionary War veterans when the Capitol was in Philadelphia that frightened, frankly, the Framers. So they thought: Well, you can’t have a separate State, and it can’t be part of a State, and we don’t know what to do, so let’s just make it a district. But they never believed that it would be a district without any rights, and that is exactly what it became. 
Indeed, the District was carved out of Maryland and Virginia, but for the 10 year period of transition the citizens of the new district did not lose the votes in the Senate and the House. Only in 1801, when the District became the Nation’s Capital under the Congress of the United States did we lose Senate representation and representation in the House. Enormous change has occurred in our city in the 216 years since we became the Capital. I am a thirdgeneration Washingtonian. My greatgrandfather was a runaway slave from Virginia, so my own family has seen 150 years of those changes. This is no longer a sleepy Southern city where I went to segregated schools—segregated by the Congress of the United States, indeed, because it had the sole authority to do it. In fact, today, it is one of the most cosmopolitan cities in the United States, a city that people are flocking to for residence. Everything about the District of Columbia has changed except its status and the status of its residents as second class citizens in their own country. We are sick and tired of being voyeurs of democracy. That is why the District of Columbia gave itself budget autonomy, although the Congress did appropriate a budget. Thank you for nothing. That is why the city voted 85 percent for statehood for itself. The citizens of the District are simply not going to sit still with the status quo. They are not going to sit on their second class citizenship. So I come to the floor after we have brought our petition to the Congress to become the 51st State. I come to the floor the day after I have introduced the bill to put the Congress on notice: Be ready. Be ready for a campaign by the residents of the District of Columbia and our allies throughout the United States to be treated fairly, or as Frederick Douglass said, ‘‘not as aliens.’’ We can decide to get rid of this anomaly as we have so many others that deprived citizens of the right to vote, whether they were slaves or women. We have gotten rid of those. Statehood does not require a constitutional amendment. All it takes is the conscience of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. JORDAN (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 01, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: H.R. 609. To designate the Department of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic.’’ f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, March 6, 2017, at 4 p.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E LLISON, Ms. L EE, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. SPEIER , Ms. M OORE , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R USH, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 1299. A bill to suspend United States security assistance with Honduras until such time as human rights violations by Honduran security forces cease and their perpetrators are brought to justice; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 1300. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly available list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require disclosure of the physical location of business agents engaging in customer service communications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 1301. A bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, 
and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. LANCE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. VELA, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. HURD, and Mr. L OUDERMILK ): H.R. 1302. A bill to require an exercise related to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. BRAT, Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. G OSAR ): H.R. 1303. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to reform and reduce fraud and abuse in certain visa programs for aliens working temporarily in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. WALBERG ): H.R. 1304. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Public Health Service Act, and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from the definition of health insurance coverage certain medical stoploss insurance obtained by certain plan sponsors of group health plans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 1305. A bill to make participation in the American Community Survey voluntary, except with respect to certain basic questions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself and Mr. WALDEN ): H.R. 1306. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 1307. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to establish a public health insurance option; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 1308. A bill to designate the Frank and Jeanne Moore Wild Steelhead Special Management Area in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K EATING , and Mr. K ING of New York): H.R. 1309. A bill to streamline the office and term of the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mr. CURBELO  of Florida, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. C RIST, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H.R. 1310. A bill to support programs for mosquitoborne and other vectorborne disease surveillance and control; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. PETERSON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. W ALZ): H.R. 1311. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for Reid vapor pressure limitations under such Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. VARGAS ): H.R. 1312. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual governmentbusiness forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. WALBERG ): H.R. 1313. A bill to clarify rules relating to nondiscriminatory workplace wellness programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. YOHO, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. MASSIE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. BRAT, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Ms. FOXX, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. O LSON , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. JORDAN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. BARTON , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. DENT, Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. BABIN, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. FASO, Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): H.R. 1314. A bill to repeal the renewable fuel program of the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. WELCH , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. POSEY , Mr. D ENT, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. AMODEI , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. BILIRAKIS , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 1315. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to eliminate certain requirements under the renewable fuel program, to prohibit the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from approving the introduction into commerce of gasoline that contains greater than 10volumepercent ethanol, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B LUM, Mr. SARBANES , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 1316. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for pharmacy benefits manager standards under the Medicare prescription drug program and Medicare Advantage program to further transparency of payment methodologies to pharmacies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Armed Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. HILL, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. R OUZER , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. YOHO): H.R. 1317. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow members of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the Armed Forces to make elective deferrals on the basis of their service to the Ready Reserve and on the basis of their other employment; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Ms. DEGETTE ): H.R. 1318. A bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy related and pregnancyassociated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself, Mr. THORNBERRY , and Mr. C RAWFORD ): H.R. 1319. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to permit cooperative governing of public entity health benefits through local governments in secondary States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 1320. A bill to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 related to Nuclear Regulatory Commission user fees and annual charges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 1321. A bill to amend the National Housing Act to require the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to issue guidance to reduce upfront premiums for FHAinsured mortgages if the capital ratio of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund exceeds the statutory limit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. B EYER , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. COHEN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E VANS , Mr. FOSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. HIMES, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. TED LIEU of California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. QUIGLEY , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. ROSEN , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SOTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. WALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mrs. D AVIS of California): H.R. 1322. A bill to protect a woman’s right and ability to determine whether and when to bear a child or end a pregnancy by limiting restrictions on the provision of abortion services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself and Mr. FLORES ): H.R. 1323. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to reduce unnecessary emergency room visits under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 1324. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for the establishment of cybersecurity standards for certain radio frequency equipment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 1325. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with flexibility with respect to providing premium assistance under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 1326. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a certain study by the Defense Business Board regarding potential cost savings in the Department of Defense and to provide for expedited consideration of legislation to implement such cost savings; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 1327. A bill to improve transparency regarding the activities of the American Red Cross, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BOST (for himself and Ms. ESTY): H.R. 1328. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual costof living adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain serviceconnected disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BOST (for himself and Ms. ESTY): H.R. 1329. A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. AMODEI: H.R. 1330. A bill to improve the control and management of invasive species that threaten and harm Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 1331. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide educational and vocational counseling for veterans on campuses of institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 1332. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 1333. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States more flexibility with respect to using contractors to make eligibility determinations on behalf of the State Medicaid plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. OLSON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. BABIN, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. YOHO, and Mr. S MITH of Texas): H.R. 1334. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, upon the request of a law enforcement official, to make a prompt determination of whether to issue a detainer in the case of an alien arrested for a violation of Federal, State, or local law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 1335. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to issue rules to secure communications networks against cyber risks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself and Mr. MULLIN ): H.R. 1336. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with flexibility in providing choice of coverage through managed care under Medicaid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mrs. NOEM): H.R. 1337. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand taxfree distributions from individual retirement accounts to include rollovers for charitable lifeincome plans for charitable purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DESJARLAIS (for himself, Mr. BARR, Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. COMER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. ROEof Tennessee, and Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky): H.R. 1338. A bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to provide increased protection for horses participating in shows, exhibitions, or sales, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. SESSIONS ): H.R. 1339. A bill to require that the Federal Government procure from the private sector the goods and services necessary for the operations and management of certain Government agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 1340. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish an Interagency Communications Security Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C APUANO, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. J ONES , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. YOHO, and Mr. G OHMERT ): H.R. 1341. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit the acceptance by political committees of online contributions from certain unverified sources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. HARRIS (for himself, Mr. ABRAHAM, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. J ODY B. HICE of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. RICE of South Carolina, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. YOHO, and Mr. L AMBORN ): H.R. 1342. A bill to prohibit any institution of higher education that receives a Federal research and development grant and does not comply with a lawful request for information 
or detainment of an alien made by any officer or employee of the Federal government who is charged with enforcement of the immigration laws from receiving indirect cost reimbursement funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. DELANEY , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, and Mr. MACARTHUR ): H.R. 1343. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its rules so as to increase the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide certain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mrs. COMSTOCK ): H.R. 1344. A bill to provide grants to assist States in developing and implementing plans to address cybersecurity threats or vulnerabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, and Ms. BASS): H.R. 1345. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to create protected credit reports for minors and protect the credit of minors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, Ms. E STY, Mr. HULTGREN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. NOLAN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. COSTA , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. D ENHAM ): H.R. 1346. A bill to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. KATKO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. H URD, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Ms. MCSALLY ): H.R. 1347. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide counter radicalization training to Department of Homeland Security representatives at State and local fusion centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1348. A bill to require the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to complete a study on the human health implications of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contamination in drinking water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCCLINTOCK (for himself, Mr. HUNTER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. PEARCE ): H.R. 1349. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure that the use of bicycles, wheelchairs, strollers, and game carts is not prohibited in Wilderness Areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 1350. A bill to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PERRY (for himself and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 1351. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to direct the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to make certain improvements in managing TSA’s employee misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, and Mr. TIBERI ): H.R. 1352. A bill to encourage States to engage more TANF recipients in activities leading to employment and selfsufficiency, and to simplify State administration of TANF work requirements; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. KATKO ): H.R. 1353. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain additional information to be submitted to Congress regarding the strategic 5year technology investment plan of the Transportation Security Administration; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida (for himself and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H.R. 1354. A bill to increase the penalties for fentanyl trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 1355. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to give States the option of monitoring covered criteria air pollutants in designated areas by greatly increasing the number of air quality sensors in exchange for greater regulatory flexibility in the methods of monitoring, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. SHEA PORTER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. NADLER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. HIMES, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. K EATING , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. E VANS , Ms. LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. S IRES, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. COHEN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. LARSEN of Washington): H.R. 1356. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit disclosure of tax return information to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself and Mr. THOMPSON of California): H.R. 1357. A bill to provide for the issuance of a semipostal to benefit programs that combat invasive species; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Ms. TSONGAS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S OTO, Ms. LEE, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. NORTON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Mr. B EYER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. RUSH, Ms. M ENG, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. KEATING , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. POCAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CRIST, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E STY, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. B ERA, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 1358. A bill to protect scientific integrity in Federal research and policymaking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 1359. A bill to provide for the reconsideration of claims for disability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of experiments by the Department of Defense during World War II that were conducted to assess the effects of mustard gas or lewisite on people, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself, Mr. CUELLAR , and Mr. B ARR): H.R. 1360. A bill to exempt small seller financers from certain licensing requirements; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. LATTA , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. TIBERI , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , Mr. L ANCE , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. CROWLEY , and Ms. D ELAURO ): H.R. 1361. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Ms. STEFANIK , Mrs. M IMI 
WALTERS of California, Mr. E VANS , Mr. DONOVAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. KHANNA , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. DELAURO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. TITUS, Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. R OSEN , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. POCAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. SOTO, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. MOORE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. PETERS ): H. Res. 164. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Women’s History Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 165. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to polio; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AMODEI (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H. Res. 166. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States postal facility network is an asset of significant value and the United States Postal Service should take appropriate measures to maintain, modernize and fully utilize the existing post office network for economic growth; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Ms. NORTON ): H. Res. 167. A resolution supporting the designation of the week of February 26 to March 4, 2017, as ‘‘National Spinal CSF Leak Awareness Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H. Res. 168. A resolution encouraging people in the United States to recognize March 2, 2017, as Read Across America Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. KEATING , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. E STY, and Mr. HIMES): H. Res. 169. A resolution congratulating the New England Patriots on their victory in Super Bowl LI; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself and Mr. THOMPSON of California): H. Res. 170. A resolution expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives to work to combat the nationwide problem of invasive species threatening native ecosystems; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 1299. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 3: Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations; Article I, section 8, clause 18: Congerss shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers. By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 1300. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 1301. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 1302. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 1303. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Aricle 1, Section 1 By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 1304. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, paragraph 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 1305. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 1306. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 1307. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 1308. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 1309. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 1310. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 1311. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of commerce among the several states). By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 1312. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 1313. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 1314. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3. Since the federal government has extended Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the commerce clause) beyond its intended boundaries, it follows that efforts to rein in excessive federal government encroachment in this area can be justified by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 1315. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. F OSTER and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 38: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. M URPHYof Pennsylvania, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. F LORES, and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 154: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 165: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 184: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 187: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 367: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. B ERGMAN , and Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 368: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 453: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 525: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 532: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 539: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 545: Mr. COLE, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 553: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 586: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 625: Mr. PAYNE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. RICHMOND , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. I SSA. H.R. 627: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 639: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 696: Mr. PALLONE and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 706: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 721: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. K ILMER, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C URBELO of Flor ida, Mr. STIVERS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. RUSH, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. MESSER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 747: Mr. LOBIONDO and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 772: Ms. TENNEY , Mr. B UCK, and Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 781: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 804: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 807: Mr. LANCE , Mr. G RAVES of Mis souri, Mr. NUNES , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 812: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 816: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 820: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 838: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 839: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 846: Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. COOPER , Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 849: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 854: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 895: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 926: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 953: Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 968: Mr. KENNEDY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. HASTINGS , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 970: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 972: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1001: Mr. WELCH and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 1005: Mr. BISHOP of Utah and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1037: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 1038: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 1049: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1069: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1094: Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. MOORE , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 1096: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1101: Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. ROUZER , and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 1127: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1148: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. TONKO , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 1158: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 1159: Mr. AMODEI , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. DELANEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R ENACCI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. ROHRABACHER , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Ms. STEFANIK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 1186: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 1259: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. DESANTIS , and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 1276: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1284: Mr. MARSHALL . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. KILMER . H.J. Res. 59: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.J. Res. 73: Mr. STEWART , Mr. R OEof Ten nessee, Mr. CARTER of Texas, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.J. Res. 75: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. BARTON . H. Con. Res. 24: Mr. NEAL, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 28: Mr. VEASEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H. Res. 69: Mr. TONKO . H. Res. 84: Mr. YARMUTH . H. Res. 92: Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 135: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mr. MITCHELL . H. Res. 140: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H. Res. 142: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Ms. M OORE , Mr. COHEN , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H. Res. 152: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMR. FRELINGHUYSEN  H.R. 1301, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1545 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2017 No. 37 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 