Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join the distinguished Speaker in pay-ing tribute to the brave men and women of the Capitol Police force, and also, in sadness, for the assault that was made on our colleagues and mem-bers of the staff. To my colleagues, you will hear me say something you have never heard me say before: I identify myself with the remarks of the Speaker. They were beautiful remarks, Mr. Speaker. Thank you so much for the sentiments that they represent. Thank you so much. Again, we are not one caucus or the other in this House today, but I can speak for each other in saying that we send our thoughts and prayers to our colleague, STEVE SCALISE . Personally, we have our Italian- American connection, so as soon as I heard his name, I was filled with con-cern, as I would be for anyone here, but we have that special connection. So our hopes and prayers—and I said to the Speaker: ‘‘I will be asking you every 5 minutes, ‘How is Steve coming along?’’’ And also, for Zach Barth in Congressman R
OGER WILLIAMS ’ office; Matt Mika, who was a former staffer, and, of course, as the Speaker acknowl-edged, Crystal Griner and David Bai-ley. In acknowledging their sacrifice and how fortunate we all were that they were on the scene, because other lives would have probably been lost, I want us to remember that every single day the Capitol Police protect all of us, take risks for us. And while a day like this is a time where we can focus on it so sadly, it doesn’t mean that other days aren’t as challenging. I especially want to call attention to Detective John Gibson and Officer Jacob Chestnut, who, almost 19 years ago, July 24, 1998, lost their lives pro-tecting the Congress, the Capitol, but not just the Members of Congress, the staff, the press, and our visitors, people who come to see this Capitol, this great edifice to democracy known throughout the world. So they are pro-tecting a great deal, and it is an at-traction, and that makes it all the more risky. You may not know this, my col-leagues, but every time I pray, which is very frequently, and certainly every Sunday, I pray for all of you, all of you together. In the earlier years, I used to pray for your happiness, for the fact that we would, working together, heed the words of President Kennedy in the closing of his inaugural address when he said: ‘‘. . . God’s work must truly be our own.’’ How do we view what God’s will is for us? How do we come together to give confidence to the American people? As our Founders intended, we would have our disagreements and we would debate them, and we would have confidence in our beliefs and humility to listen to others. But in more recent years, I have been praying not only for that, but for our safety because I, above anyone in here, and I can say that quite clearly, have been probably the target of more—a po-litical target and, therefore, the target of more threats than anyone, perhaps other than the President of the United States, Barack Obama. And so I prayed for Barack Obama, and now I continue to pray for him. And I pray for Donald Trump, that his Presidency will be successful and that his family will be safe, because it is about family. We are called for a purpose to this body. It is a great thing, and we know what it means to each of us to serve, and we recognize that in others. And we also recognize that you have your constituents. We have ours, and we re-spect you and your constituents who sent you here, all worthy of respect. But we do have our differences, and so I pray. My prayer is that we can re-solve our differences in a way that fur-thers the preamble to the Constitution, takes us closer to ‘‘e pluribus unum.’’ And today, again, it is in the family. It is an injury in the family for the staff and for our colleague and for his lead-ership. As I mentioned just a minute ago in a meeting, sports are a wonderful thing in our country. They are probably one of the most unifying things. I think the arts, we like to say music, or plays, or whatever, but sports really bring us to-gether in our cities. You see, people have the biggest differences of opinion on politics, and yet when their team is on the field, people come together. People come together. So when this team was on the field practicing with such camaraderie and such brotherhood—I don’t know if you have any sisters on your team. We have two on our team—for this person to take this action was so cowardly, so cowardly. We will learn more about motivation and the rest of that, but it seems par-ticularly sad—although any violent death, of course, is sad, but particu-larly sad at a time when people want us to come together, and we are pre-pared to come together tomorrow night—that this assault would be made. But we cannot let that be a victory for the assailant, or anyone who would think that way. So tomorrow, we will go out on the field. We will root for our team. We want everyone to do his or her very best, and we will use this oc-casion as one that brings us together and not separates us further. Again, I want to thank the Speaker for bringing us together, and, again, with endless gratitude to our Capitol Police, and, in particular today, of course, Crystal Griner, David Bailey; but never out of our prayers, Detective John Gibson and Officer Jacob Chest-nut. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for the opportunity to share some thoughts with you on this sad day. S
TEVE , Zach, and Matt, you are deeply in our prayers. We count the minutes until S
TEVE returns. Please convey that to him, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 14, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JN7.004 H14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4917 June 14, 2017 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 14, 2017, at 9:24 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 831. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 831. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Penn-sylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashioum Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 15, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1661. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a re-port of multiple violations of the Antideficiency Act, Army case number 16-01, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appro-priations. 1662. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a re-port of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Army case number 16-03, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appropriations. 1663. A letter from the Secretary of De-fense, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing 12 officers to wear the in-signia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Pub-lic Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1664. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a follow-up to the De-partment’s FY 2016 Evaluation of the TRICARE Program report to Congress, pur-suant to 10 U.S.C. 1073 note; Public Law 104- 106, Sec. 717(c); (110 Stat. 376); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 1665. A letter from the Deputy Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Humanitarian Use Devices; 21st Century Cures Act; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2017-N-0011] received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1666. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Physical Security Hardware — Inspections, Tests, Analyses, and Accept-ance Criteria [NUREG-0800] received June 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1667. A letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, transmitting the 2016 manage-ment report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1668. A letter from the Deputy Archivist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Presidential Records [FDMS No.: NARA-16-0005; NARA- 2017-042] (RIN: 3095-AB87) received June 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1669. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment, transmitting a notification of a fed-eral nomination and change in previously submitted reported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1670. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s interim final rule — Magnuson-Ste-vens Act Provisions; Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Northeast Multispe-cies Fishery; 2017 and 2018 Sector Operations Plans and 2017 Allocation of Northeast Multispecies Annual Catch Entitlements [Docket No.: 170104016-7016-01] (RIN: 0648- XF138) received June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1671. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act Pro-visions; Fisheries of the Northeastern Untied States; Northern Red Hake Accountability Measure [Docket No.: 170126124-7124-01] (RIN: 0648-BG63) received June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1672. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sable-fish in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648- XF449) received June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1673. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; 2017 and 2018 Com-mercial Fishing Restrictions for Pacific Bluefin Tuna in the Eastern Pacific Ocean [Docket No.: 161031999-7314-02] (RIN: 0648- BG41) received June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1674. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Ex-change of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF458) re-ceived June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1675. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648-XF413) received June 8, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1676. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Trip Limit Increase for the Small Vessel Category of the Com-mon Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999- 6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XF313) received June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1677. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648- XF333) received June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1678. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017-2018 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 160808696-7010-02] (RIN: 0648-BG86) re-ceived June 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1679. A letter from the Chief, Office of Reg-ulation Policy and Management (00REG), Of-fice of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Fisher Houses and Other Temporary Lodging (RIN: 2900-AP45) re-ceived June 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 1680. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy & Man-agement, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Expanded Delegation Authority for Procedures Related to Representation of Claimants (RIN: 2900- AP96) received June 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN7.003 H14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4918 June 14, 2017 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. S
ERRANO ): H.R. 2900. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the pre-vention and treatment of the use of syn-thetic recreational drugs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. P AS-
CRELL ): H. Con. Res. 64. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress regarding the United States Capitol Police and their role in securing the United States Capitol com-plex and protecting Members of Congress, their staff, and the general public; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Mr. C
LAY): H. Res. 384. A resolution congratulating the Webster University chess team for win-ning a record-breaking fifth consecutive na-tional title at the President’s Cup collegiate chess championship in New York City; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 98: Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 233: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 350: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 389: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 898: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1017: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 1136: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 1291: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1498: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S
OTO, and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1566: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1676: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. V
ARGAS , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1874: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1970: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2315: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2327: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 2478: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2479: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 2501: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2711: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2756: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2798: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 88: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. D ENT, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 307: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H. Res. 327: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. L
OFGREN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JN7.100 H14JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3461 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 14, 2017 No. 101 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:45 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
AN S
ULLIVAN , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious Father, our shield and de-fense, we look to You in these chal-lenging times. Lord, the shooting at the congressional baseball practice re-minds us of the importance of num-bering our days. May we refuse to boast about tomorrow, for we know not what a day may bring. Lord, surround our lawmakers with the shields of your protection and favor. Fill them with Your Spirit, caus-ing them to walk in Your statutes and keep Your judgments. Lord, You know better than we what lies ahead for our lives. So lead us like a gentle shepherd. We claim Your promise in Hebrews 13:5 that You will never leave or for-sake us. Guide and inspire us all to fol-low Your plan for our lives. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 14, 2017. To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, para-graph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANSULLIVAN , a Senator from the State of Alaska, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SULLIVAN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know the entire Senate will join me in echoing the sentiments of the Presi-dent this morning. We are deeply sad-dened. We are all concerned for those injured. We will keep them in our pray-ers, and we will continue to send them every wish for a quick and full recov-ery. We are grateful for all those who stepped in to help—those practicing on the field, the first responders and, of course, the Capitol police officers on the scene. We are deeply indebted for their service. We again salute their continuing and unfailing bravery on behalf of the Capitol community. The Congressional Baseball Game is a bipartisan charity event. I know the Senate will embrace that spirit today as we come together in expressing both our concern and our gratitude. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. f 
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I join with the majority leader in offering our prayers for those who are injured. I was absolutely shaken by the news of a shooting early this morning at the baseball field in Alexandria where many of my friends and colleagues were practicing for the annual Congres-sional Baseball Game, an event that brings us together each year. It has been reported that Representa-tive S
CALISE , the House whip, was shot during the attack, as were two brave members of the Capitol Police Force and others, including a staffer. Let us pray that they and any others who were injured are able to recover quick-ly. This morning is the most sobering re-minder of how thankful we should be for the service of the Capitol Police Force, who put their lives on the line day in and day out for us to be safe. I could not be more grateful that Capitol Police was there at a time to prevent this attack from being any worse than it was. I was in the gym with Senator P
AUL, who had been there, and he had told me that, had these two Capitol po-lice officers, who were part of Con-gressman S
CALISE ’s detail, not been there, it might have been a massacre because there would have been no one to respond. But their bravery is exem-plary of all the Capitol Police Force, and we thank them. The entire Senate family sends its thoughts and prayers to those who were wounded and our gratitude to the police officers and first responders who were at the scene. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.000 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3462 June 14, 2017 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
COUNTERING IRAN’S DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES ACT OF 2017 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S. 722, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 722) to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
Pending 
McConnell (for Crapo) modified amend-ment No. 232, to impose sanctions with re-spect to the Russian Federation and to com-bat terrorism and illicit financing. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 2 p.m. will be equally di-vided in the usual form. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act of 2017, which passed the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last month by a vote of 18 to 3. I would like to thank the members of our committee and the coauthors of this bill for working in a constructive, bipartisan fashion to craft this legisla-tion. I think it is a good example of how the Senate can still work together to tackle complex and difficult issues. I was in the SCIF recently—it is a place where Senators go to read classi-fied information—reviewing intel-ligence. It truly is astounding—I know the Acting President pro tempore knows this well—what Iran continues to do around the world. For a people who are capable of so much, their for-eign policy is shockingly counter to their own interests. We see desta-bilizing act after destabilizing act, from missile launches to arms trans-fers, to terrorist training, to illicit fi-nancial activities, to targeting Navy ships and detaining American citizens. The list goes on and on, and it is past time for us to take steps to protect the interests of the United States and our allies. This bill is the first time Congress has come together since the JCPOA, the Iran nuclear deal, to do just that. For far too long the agreement—which I strongly opposed, as did our ranking member, as did our Acting President pro tempore—has dictated U.S. policy throughout the Middle East. It is worth noting that the JCPOA is not unlike the Paris climate accord. I don’t think many people in our coun-try nor many people in this body real-ize it is a nonbinding political agree-ment that was entered into by one man using Presidential Executive authority and can easily be undone by one man using Presidential Executive author-ity. In fact, in many ways it is easier than the Paris accords, considering the President doesn’t have to take action to exit this agreement. I don’t think most Americans understand that he doesn’t even have to take action to exit the agreement. All he has to do is decline to waive sanctions. I think that has been missed. I know the Acting President pro tempore is very aware of that. I know the ranking member is very aware of that. No matter what the President decides, this bill makes it clear that Congress intends to remain involved and will hold Iran accountable for their nonnuclear destabilizing ac-tivities. What the nuclear agreement failed to do was allow us to push back against terrorism, human rights issues, there are violations of U.N. Security Council resolutions relative to ballistic missile testing, and to push back against con-ventional arms purchases which they are not supposed to be involved in. As many of us predicted at the time, Iran’s rogue behavior has only esca-lated since implementation of the agreement, and this bipartisan bill will give the administration tools for hold-ing Tehran accountable. Let me say this. I don’t think there is anybody in this Chamber who doesn’t believe the Trump administra-tion—and I know there has been a lot of disagreements recently about for-eign policy issues in the administra-tion—but I don’t think there is any-body here who believes they are not going to do everything they can to push back against these destabilizing activities. What we will be doing today and tomorrow with passage of this leg-islation is standing hand in hand with them as they do that. It also sends an important signal that the United States will no longer look the other way in the face of continued Iran ag-gression. I want to recognize the important work of my colleagues in making this legislation possible. Senator M
ENENDEZ  has been a champion for holding Iran accountable in this bill but also in dec-ades of work on this issue. He is truly an asset to the Senate, and I thank him for his commitment to many issues but especially this one. Senators C
OTTON , RUBIO, and C RUZall played an important role in crafting this legisla-tion as well. Finally, let me say this. This would not have been possible without the sup-port and tireless effort of the ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN , and his great staff. It has truly been a pleasure for me to work with him on the Russia bill that we will be voting on today at 2 p.m. but also this legislation—we have come from two very different places, representing two very different States, and yet are joined by the fact that we care deeply about making sure the for-eign policy of this country is in the na-tional interests of our citizens and that we as a Congress and as U.S. Senators are doing everything we can to help write positive foreign policy. I thank him for that, and I am proud of the strong bipartisan momentum behind this legislation, which his leadership has helped to happen, and I look for-ward to passage of this bill. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me return the compliment to Senator CORKER . Senator C
ORKER announced in his opening remarks about the bipartisan vote in our committee on the Iran sanctions bill. In the last Congress, we were able to get a unanimous vote on the Iran bill. We, under the leadership of Senator C
ORKER , fully recognized that particularly on foreign policy, our country is much stronger when we speak with a united voice, so bringing Democrats and Republicans together is in our national interest. Senator C
ORKER has listened to dif-ferent views. He and I do have different views on many issues concerning for-eign policy, but in almost every one of those cases, we have been able to rec-oncile those differences. That is true and it was very clear on the Iran sanc-tions and it is also very true on the Russia sanctions amendment that we will be voting on later today. To Senator C
ORKER , I just want my colleagues to know we have a leader on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee who puts America’s national in-terests first and has respected the rights of every Senator, not only in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee but in the U.S. Senate, that can add to the richness of our discussions and de-bate. I think we are much stronger today because of that. This is a good example of that, and I am very proud to be supportive of all these efforts and supportive of how this came about be-cause I think it is important for our colleagues and the American people to know about that. 
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. President, Senator C ORKER and I both want to express, before we start our debate on this issue, our concerns for our colleagues who were victimized by the shooting that took place in Vir-ginia—an outrageous event—and for our security people as well as the inno-cent bystanders who were struck by the gunfire. Our prayers are with those who are recovering. We hope they will have a complete recovery. We are com-mitted to making sure we keep our Senate and congressional family safe, and we will do everything we can to make sure that takes place. We will continue to work to make sure we pre-serve the democratic ideals of this Na-tion and the free society we live in. We know there are rifts, and we know we can do service and stand by those democratic commitments but also keep America safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.001 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3463 June 14, 2017 
I think the work on the Senate For-eign Relations Committee had those goals in mind, and Senator C
ORKER , through the Chair, I thank you for your attention to those details. Mr. President, let me talk for a few minutes about S. 722, the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act. This bill will impose new sanctions on Iran for its nonnuclear violations. I want to make that clear—nonnuclear violations. Their responsibilities on the nuclear side is now judged by the nu-clear agreement that was entered into. We had a great debate about it last year, and we are not going to rehash that debate. I think every Member of this Chamber wants to make sure Iran complies with its nuclear obligations, but that is a separate debate. The debate we have here is on the nonnuclear activities of Iran that vio-late international norms and inter-national agreements. We saw, for ex-ample, ballistic missile tests that vio-lated their U.N. obligations that took place in January and in March. We have seen a significant increase in illicit arms shipments being done by Iran, causing destabilizing activities in many parts of the region. We see it in Bahrain. We see it in Yemen. We see it in Iraq. We know they are supporting Hezbollah in Lebanon. We see they are supporting Hamas in Gaza, and we know about their activities in support of the Assad regime in Syria. This all violates international norms. Iran today has violated, in an incred-ible way, human rights issues that vio-late international norms. Yesterday we saw a part of the impact of that as we had a debate on the Saudi arms sale, and we can argue the Saudi’s culpa-bility with what is going on in Yemen, but there is no question about Iran’s activities supporting the Houthis in Yemen causing atrocities in that coun-try. They are clearly very actively en-gaged in violating internationally rec-ognized human rights. We also see cyber attacks on the United States that have come from Iran, and they are detaining at least five U.S. citizens today illegally. There are increased activities in Iran in relation to the nonnuclear side of their activities. For that reason, S. 722 looks at strengthening the sanctions regime so we can make it clear, yes, we will comply with the JCPOA, the nu-clear agreement, but we need to have better activities—improvement on the nonnuclear side. Basically, the bill increases the sanc-tions menus that are available for bal-listic missile violations, for support of terrorism, for human rights violations, and for violating the arms embargo. Those who knowingly do those viola-tions or materially assist will be sub-ject to additional sanctions by the United States. We codify the IRGC, that was done by Executive order, and we codify some of these other Executive orders as it re-lates to Iran. We coordinate. This is done in a way that it coordinates with what Europe is doing and making sure it is a consistent approach that we have taken in the past. We ask the administration to develop a regional strategy so the Congress and the American people know our policies in the Middle East. That provision was drafted before the Trump administra-tion. This is a desire by Congress to have a better articulated regional strategy, recognizing the dangers in that region. Iran is a major player in the region against U.S. interests, and we need to know what our strategy is in confronting those challenges. Quite frankly, with the Trump administra-tion, we haven’t heard that coordi-nated strategy, and this legislation will require that report be given not just to Congress on a regular basis but to the American people. I want to underscore how this agree-ment is totally consistent with the nu-clear agreement that was entered into 2 years ago—the JCPOA, as it is re-ferred to. I want to go through quickly how this came about. Senator C
ORKER  talked a little bit about it. Senator C
ORKER is absolutely cor-rect. Senator M
ENENDEZ has been a leader on Iran sanctions way before this Congress. He was very much in-volved in the original sanctions legisla-tion passed by Congress. That led to putting enough pressure on the inter-national community to join us, which ultimately led to Iran having no choice but to negotiate. Senator C
ORKER and Senator M
ENENDEZ had introduced leg-islation that was out there, and we had a chance to review it, which is how the process should work. As a result of that review, both Senator C
ORKER , Senator M
ENENDEZ , and I—all three of us— reached out to interested groups to un-derstand what the Congress has done. Many of the people we talked to were involved in the negotiations with Iran who had different views than we did on the final outcome of that agreement, but we wanted to make sure we weren’t violating any of the provisions of the JCPOA so we sought their input. As a result, there was revised legislation that was offered known as Corker- Menendez-Cardin, which incorporated the ideas of all three of us, but really the outside groups working with us, to make sure it was totally consistent with the JCPOA and consistent with the intent of the original bill. I think that bill was well scrubbed. I think it did not violate the JCPOA, but we went through another process, another review, another opportunity for those who could perhaps see things we don’t see quite as clearly when it comes to Iran and our European allies. We went through a second scrubbing, and we had a managers’ amendment that was offered in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that tightened the bill up even more dealing with those issues. I think I can state very confidently that there is nothing in the underlying bill that violates the U.S. commitment under the JCPOA nuclear agreement. It is my intent, and I think the intent of almost every member of this com-mittee that the United States should comply with the JCPOA. Even though I didn’t support it, I think it is impor-tant we comply with it today. The other aspect I wanted to go through is that—and I don’t want to give the wrong impression. There are people who are involved in the negotia-tions of the nuclear agreement who would state—some would say they op-pose the bill, some might say it is not helpful, some might say Iran might take it the wrong way. Any one of those arguments aside, I do not think you will find anyone who says that it violates the JCPOA. I want to give a little bit of history here because this was anticipated, that we would need this bill, when we acted on the JCPOA, by those of us who sup-ported and opposed the nuclear agree-ment. As the chairman will recall, shortly after the failure to reject the JCPOA— that action—I filed additional legisla-tion that I thought was necessary, along with many of my colleagues, who voted for and voted against the JCPOA. I voted against it. Those who voted for it thought it was necessary. It included the regional strategy so that we would know what the administration was doing. We expedited procedures to deal with nonnuclear violations if Iran used the sanction relief they got under the nuclear agreement to increase their terrorist activities or ballistic missile activities or human rights violations. In fact, they have done that, and that is why we filed the bill right after the action on the nuclear agreement. This is consistent with what we thought would be necessary. Yes, we had hoped Iran would change its activi-ties, but we were not naive about it. We knew that this was going to be a long road. We knew that Iran did not respond to niceties and that we were going to have to keep the pressure up for them to be able to take the action that was needed. I know many of us were encouraged when we saw the votes a couple of weeks ago in Iran whereby the Iranians voted for a more open society, a more transparent society. I must say that Iran has a wonderful history of very talented people who want democratic principles, and I am sure that is true among many of the people in Iran today. It is their leaders with whom we have an objection, not with the people of Iran. The people of Iran want a more open, democratic society. This legisla-tion will help get to that point by mak-ing it clear to the leaders in Iran that they must change their behavior as it relates to terrorism, as it relates to human rights violations, as it relates to their other international obliga-tions. That is the reason this bill has become so important. Let me give one more example on the consistency. There are many provisions that we have changed. One is that we all ac-knowledge that the United States and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.003 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3464 June 14, 2017 
our partners are fully at liberty to take action against Iran for terrorist activities, which is not part of the nu-clear agreement, but there is some con-fusion as to how that is done in rela-tionship to the sanctions relief that is provided under the JCPOA. In listening to their concerns, we will set up an independent review process within the next 5 years that will resolve that issue before we hit the 8-year mark so that we are not jeopardizing thwarting a crisis in the future that might occur. I really just want to point that out be-cause this bill is totally consistent with the obligations of the United States under the Iran nuclear agree-ment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 232, AS MODIFIED  
I talked briefly yesterday about the amendment that is pending. I want to spend just a moment, if I might, in un-derscoring some of the details of the amendment that is passing. I am for S. 722, and I am for the amendment that was crafted in the same spirit as was the underlying bill— in a bipartisan agreement. It involved not just the Senate Foreign Relations Committee but the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee because the jurisdictions on sanctions do overlap between the two commit-tees. As I said yesterday, I thank Senators C
RAPO and B ROWN —and Chairman C
ORKER has already mentioned this—as they were extremely helpful in making sure that we tailored the financial sanctions in a way that is workable and consistent with that of our Euro-pean partners so that we can make sure we have collective strength. I am sure the Presiding Officer has been in meetings with our European friends and knows how they feel about Russia. He knows how they feel—that they are the direct bull’s-eye with re-gard to what Russia is doing. They want the United States to be strong, and they want the United States to provide leadership, but we need to pro-vide it in a manner that is consistent with their security interests. With re-gard to the way this bill has evolved, I think we have a better bill that is con-sistent with those concerns. With Russia, we know their activi-ties. We know their cyber activities against our democratic institutions. As we have said frequently, all countries collect cyber information, but the use of that cyber information to attack our democratic institutions is an attack on our country. That cannot go unchal-lenged. We have to protect ourselves and take action when we have been at-tacked. This bill does that. We also know, not just recently but historically, that Russia has been very aggressive in its interfering with the sovereignty of other countries. Today, in Moldova and Georgia, you see the consequences of Russia’s aggression. Of course, in Ukraine, with the annex-ation by Russia of Crimea and its con-tinued activities in eastern Ukraine, Russia has violated every single com-mitment of the OSE’s Helsinki Accords and has violated the sovereignty of other countries. We also know about Russia’s activi-ties in support of the Assad regime in Syria and, by the way, in other coun-tries in that region. It has assisted in horrible human rights violations—just terrible. We have seen some of the vid-eos of the tragedies of innocent chil-dren as a result of Mr. Putin’s support of the Assad regime. In January of this year, Senator MCCAIN and I introduced legislation that would have imposed new sanctions on Russia because of these activities. We wanted to make sure that this was bipartisan, so we had 18 Senators co-sponsor the bill with us—10 Democrats, 10 Republicans—to make it clear that this was not an attack on one adminis-tration but that this was America and that we had to be together in a strong message against the Putin regime. That bill included sanctions on cyber activities. It included sanctions on their Ukrainian activities. It included sanctions in regard to their Syrian ac-tivities. The legislation also incor-porated what has been known as the Democracy Initiative, which provides ways in which we can provide a more unified front with our European allies in defending against the cyber attacks we have seen coming from Russia. At the same time, Senator G
RAHAM  filed a bill, with my cosponsorship, that would require congressional re-view before the President could give sanction relief to Russia. The review was patterned very similarly to the re-view we had under the Iran nuclear agreement. So those two bills were pending, and there has been a lot of debate about them. We then received a draft bill from Senators C
RAPO and B ROWN as it re-lated to the sanctions. It was focused— I would not say exclusively but pri-marily—on the financial and energy sectors in order to make sure those sanctions were drafted in the proper way, and we went through considerable negotiations. Senator C
ORKER , as I pointed out before, brought additional text to the discussion in an effort to try to bring this together. Although I am mentioning Senators’ names, we know it is the staff. Our staffs have been working around the clock to try to make sure we get this done right. So I thank the majority and minority staffs on the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee and on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. There are many parts to the amend-ment that will be voted on at 2 p.m. One part codifies additional sanctions against Russia. I have already men-tioned Senator M
ENENDEZ ’s role in Iran. He was very instrumental as it relates to Russia. Senator D
URBIN has been very active. I must tell you that there has been no Member on the Democratic side who has been more vocal than Senator S
HAHEEN on the need to take action against Russia. There are many Members on our side who were active on this. I thank my colleagues for their contribution. We do codify the Executive orders that were issued that were related to both Ukraine and cyber attacks. With the adoption of this amendment, we would be codifying—giving congres-sional support for what took place by President Obama. It expands the list of where sanctions can apply to the energy projects and foreign financial institutions that fa-cilitate such projects. For actors who try to undermine cyber security, it provides for their being subject to sanctions, and it provides secondary sanctions for those who materially as-sist those actors in undermining our cyber security. It provides sanctions against suppliers of Russian arms to Syria. It goes after the actors who are involved in the corrupt privatization of Russia’s governmental assets. We do not support those who are supporting Mr. Putin’s corrupt regime. It deals with sanctions against Russia’s activi-ties on pipelines, the Russia railway, metals, mining, and shipping. So it is comprehensive, and most of these sanc-tions are mandatory. It is not ‘‘may’’; rather, it is that the President ‘‘shall’’ in most of these circumstances. As is the tradition, the President also has the ability, if there is a sig-nificant national security issue, to weigh whether that sanction should be applied. Yet we use a different standard in most of these sanctions that re-quires the President to certify before he issues those waivers that there has been, basically, significant progress made by Russia in removing these sanctionable activities. So we have a pretty strong hand that we are giving President Trump in his negotiations with Mr. Putin. In addition, this bill provides for con-gressional review. We talked about that—a bill that was originally intro-duced by Senator GRAHAM and me. As I indicated, it is very similar to the Iran Review Act. I think this is very impor-tant in that it puts a lot of trans-parency into the negotiations between the Trump administration and the Putin administration. As Senator C
ORKER was talking about earlier as to how one President can do something by himself—and I hope that the amendment is adopted and that the bill passes the House and becomes law—the President cannot by himself remove a sanction until he has given Congress notice and an oppor-tunity to review that. We can have congressional hearings. We can put a spotlight on it. Then we will have an expedited process whereby we could re-ject the President’s decision to give re-lief, and all during that process the sanctions will remain in place. It is a very strong congressional re-view, and it is our responsibility to do that, but it also brings in the American people and brings in a more trans-parent process. What we have found is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.004 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3465 June 14, 2017 
that, with that transparency, it is a much stronger hand that President Trump has in his negotiations, know-ing that he has to go through this proc-ess at the end of the day in his negotia-tions with Russia. Sometimes we call it the strength of our independent branches of govern-ment. The executive branch can say ‘‘Look, we would like to move faster, but we have to do this with the legisla-tive branch’’ or ‘‘We would like to do this, but we cannot get it through Con-gress.’’ Use the independence of the Congress. We are certainly very strong-ly against what Russia is doing. Use that to increase the pressure on Russia to do the right thing. That is what this bill does. This is why it is helpful to the President of the United States to have this congressional review. It would reply to anything from cyber sanctions that had been imposed under the Obama executive order to the attempt to return the compounds that are located in Maryland and New York. All of that would be subject to a congressional review before the action by the President could become effec-tive. I mentioned earlier that the bill does include the authorization of democracy funds, as I call it, that assist our allies in their fight against Russia’s aggres-sion, particularly in cyber. It author-izes $250 million, and it applies to our work with the EU member states, the NATO member States, as well as with candidate nations. It is a pretty strong opportunity for us to work together. I have had many meetings with our European colleagues and friends. Yes, every country recognizes that it is vul-nerable against Russia’s attacks—be-lieve me, they do—and they are doing everything they can to protect them-selves. What I find disappointing is that there is not enough coordination. We know how they acted in the United States and how they acted in France and now how they are likely to act in Germany and what they did in Moldova. We know how they are likely to proceed, but do we have a common strategy to prevent this type of manip-ulation by Russia of our democratic in-stitutions? This authorization and the funding— I thank Senator G
RAHAM and Senator L
EAHY for putting money into the fis-cal year 2017 budget to start this proc-ess going forward. We have approved that, and that is now in the budget. It allows us to coordinate those efforts among the United States and our Euro-pean friends to protect against what we know is going to be continued activity by Russia. There are obviously investigations going on. Part of the investigation is to understand what Russia is doing, quite frankly, so that we can protect ourselves. I think that will be very helpful, this information, and the role of the United States in working with our European allies to protect against certain continued malicious activities by the Russian Federation. There is a provision in this bill that deals with Ukraine. We make it clear that we will not recognize Crimea’s an-nexation of Ukraine, that we will con-tinue to stand with the people of Ukraine in regard to their sovereignty, and we ask for a plan to reduce Ukraine’s dependence on Russia energy imports. We know that Ukraine is vulnerable because of energy, and we know that we have to develop a plan to deal with that. There are many Members in-volved in that, and I wish to acknowl-edge my friend from Ohio, Senator PORTMAN , for his work in regard to the Ukraine provisions. There are new counterterrorism fi-nancing provisions, which are pretty comprehensive, so that we make sure that we have all the tools we need in order to track the financing of ter-rorism activities. That is in there. So let me just tell my colleague how proud I am to be associated with the underlying bill as well as the amend-ment that we are going to vote on at 2 o’clock. Both the underlying bill and the amendment were developed in the best of the bipartisan manners of the U.S. Senate. I wish to thank, again, all of those who were involved to give us this op-portunity to speak with a strong, united voice against the activities that Iran is doing globally and that are de-stabilizing so many countries through their terrorism and ballistic missiles and human rights violations and arms embargo violations, and to make it clear to the Russian Federation that we are not going to let them attack our country, that we are going to stand up to that and work to be sure to keep our allies safe. With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I was in Maine over the weekend, and people said: How do you feel about healthcare? What do you think we ought to be doing? I said: I like the President’s plan. I think President Trump has it just right. He says we need healthcare that will cover everyone, low premiums and low deductibles, no preexisting conditions. That is the right formula-tion, and I hope that is what we can work toward, and that is what we should be working toward. He also said yesterday that the bill that passed the House was mean. Well, a couple of weeks ago I said it was cruel, but I will accept mean; both mean the same thing. It is a terrible blow to literally millions of people across this country and thousands in my State of Maine. By the way, the problem with the House bill is that it is so bad that some kind of compromise has developed here that is halfway, and it is still mean or cruel. Now people are talking about a ‘‘soft landing.’’ That is a euphemism for stretching out the crash. It is not a soft landing. Whether we take Med-icaid and healthcare coverage away from people in 2 years, 4 years, or 7 years, it is still going to happen, and it is a crash. It is not a soft landing. That is just stretching it out into beyond the next couple of elections, but it doesn’t really get to the core of the issue, which is taking healthcare and health insurance away from millions of people. CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. President, before I began, I meant to acknowledge what happened this morning to our colleagues across the way at the baseball practice—trag-ic, inexplicable, horrible, and just inex-cusable. My heart goes out to the Cap-itol Police who, I understand, were in-credibly brave and met their respon-sibilities admirably to Representative S
CALISE and to any others who were in-jured—a terrible incident and one that we hope we never see the likes of again. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Going back to healthcare, I think it is important for people to understand the big picture of what is going on with this issue that is now before both the House and the Senate. What we are really talking about is a massive tax increase on middle-class and lower middle-class people and a massive tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. It is as simple as that. It is a gigantic transfer of wealth—probably one of the greatest in a short time in recent American history—where we have millions of people across the country who have health insurance under the Affordable Care Act and are protected under Medicaid and Medicaid expansion, and we are taking that away. The Affordable Care Act ex-change policies are a tax credit. So when you take that away, you are in-creasing people’s taxes; you are in-creasing the taxes of people who are making between $15,000 and $45,000, $60,000, $70,000 a year, and you are de-creasing taxes in a huge way only for people who make more than $200,000 a year. The 400 highest taxpayers in the country will get a tax cut of $7 million apiece. That makes no sense. We are taking resources away from the people who need it—the middle class—and we are giving it to the people who don’t need it. It is Robin Hood in reverse. That is the fundamental point of this legislation. It is all about that big tax cut for the rich—for the really rich— and I just don’t understand why we are even thinking about that, because the American people need help with the cost of healthcare. If you divide the total healthcare bill in this country by the number of people, you come up with about $8,500 a year per person, on average, or $35,000 a year for a family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.005 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3466 June 14, 2017 
of four. That is the cost of healthcare. That cost has to be paid, and I would argue that people who are in the mid-dle income can’t afford it. They can’t afford to pay those costs, and they need some help, and that is what the Affordable Care Act does. But, instead, we are talking about repealing it— knocking those millions of people off. In Maine we have 75,000 people on the exchanges. And then, of course, we have hundreds of thousands on Med-icaid. We are talking about severely constricting their access to healthcare. That is just wrong, ethically, morally, and in any other way. We are taking healthcare away from people so we can give a massive tax cut to the people who don’t really need it. In Maine, if the House had taken a blank sheet of paper and said ‘‘How can we design a healthcare plan that would really hammer the people of Maine?’’ it would have been the AHCA—misnamed the American Healthcare Act; it ought to be the anti-healthcare act because that is what it is all about—taking healthcare away from people. It could not be more tailored to harm people in Maine. We are the oldest State in the coun-try. We have more people in the older age brackets—50 and up—than any other State in the United States as a percentage of our population. We also are a relatively low-income State. You put those things together, and you really get hurt. Also, in Maine, as in the Presiding Officer’s home State, we have a lot of hazardous occupations— logging, agriculture, fishing, the iconic Maine lobsterman. This is a guy named David Osgood from Vinalhaven, an incredibly beau-tiful island off the coast of Maine. Lobstering is an essential part of the Maine economy. It is a part of our way of life. Vinalhaven, where Dave lives, has a population of about 1,200. It is really hard work. It is all-weather, and it is dangerous. You have to haul tracks, repair them, be out on the water in the wintertime, which is no fun. David Osgood has been lobstering since he was 13, like his father and grandfather before him. As of this spring, all three of David’s and Elaine’s children have finished col-lege. That is amazing. That is a real achievement for any family, but fish-ing is challenging and tough. The Osgoods are really thankful for the fact that they can get affordable health insurance through the Afford-able Care Act. Once, they weren’t cov-ered, and David had a back problem that required surgery. Like a lot of people in Maine, he paid it off, month by month by month. But the ACA, ac-cording to Elaine, has given them some comfort and peace of mind. I don’t think those of us who have pretty much had health insurance all of our lives realize the importance of that peace of mind, of not being anx-ious about a health problem that could wipe you out, make you lose your house—an illness or an injury. Elaine said: We will be OK. The deductibles are a problem. They are too high. I agree. What we ought to be working on is how to get the deductibles down, how to work on the premiums, how to work on the cost of healthcare. All of this debate about the Afford-able Care Act and Medicare and Med-icaid and a public option and single payer—all of that is about who pays, when a big part of the problem is how much we are all paying. We pay rough-ly twice as much per person for healthcare than anyone else in the in-dustrialized world. That is a real prob-lem that we have to start debating. We have to start talking about that be-cause, whoever pays, whatever the in-surance plan is, if the underlying cost is something that people just can’t af-ford, then we are going to be arguing about who pays, how much, and what part. We have to get at that $8,500 per person. People say: Yes, but we have the best healthcare system in the world. Yes, we do, for the people who can afford it. But for the millions of people who don’t have health insurance, who get treated only in emergency rooms or more often don’t want to get treated at all because they don’t want to go in be-cause they know they can’t pay for it, the healthcare system does not deliver for them. By all objective measures—longevity, infant mortality—we are not first in the world. We are like 20th in the world. We are way below our col-leagues, and yet we are paying much more. We have to address high deductibles, high premiums, and high costs, but also, in the meantime, we have to keep people covered. Another couple in Maine, Jonathan Edwards and Jennifer Schroth, live in Hancock County. It is another coastal county. They are farmers, and they raise vegetables. Here is a great Maine story. I have known Jen’s mother for about 40 years. I just met Jen at a healthcare forum in Bangor a few weeks ago, but I knew her mother way back. Everybody in Maine knows everybody else. I suspect it is like in Alaska. We are a big small town with very long roads. Jonathan and Jennifer own and oper-ate a farm. By the way, this farm is in a town called Brooklin, but this is the real Brooklin—Brooklin, ME. They grow potatoes, vegetables, straw-berries, raspberries, and asparagus. They make maple syrup. They could never afford healthcare until the ACA came along because they were essen-tially a small business, but they were not a big enough business to have a group plan. They didn’t have employer- based health insurance. They just didn’t have it. They are both in their fifties, and one of the changes made under the Afford-able Care Act was that the ratio be-tween the premiums for younger people and older people can’t be more than three times. It reflects the reality that older people have more healthcare needs and cost the system more. So there is a reflection. It is allowed to be a three-times basis. The House bill changes that to five times. That is a huge shift directly toward people in their fifties and early sixties. When Jen was pregnant with each of their two boys, they had no insurance. They paid the hospital. Just like my friend David Osgood, they paid the hos-pital. That is what Maine people do. But what if there had been complica-tions? They were pretty straight-forward births, but what if there had been complications? They would have been wiped out because they had no health insurance. Jen says she doesn’t feel it is responsible to go without health insurance, especially when you have a family. It is critical to them that the ACA is affordable, and it is because of the tax credits. They also appreciate that they have real insurance that really covers things. There are no exclusions. People say: Well, I have this really cheap in-surance policy, but it doesn’t cover anything. It may not even cover hos-pitalization or it doesn’t cover doctor visits or it doesn’t cover drugs. It doesn’t cover what you really need. That is not insurance. That is illusory. But now, Jen says, they have peace of mind because they have coverage. She told me that face-to-face not long ago. Running a small business is tough. It is tough because you generally can’t get group policies. Sometimes you can join a small business association, but generally you can’t. This is a way to have coverage that people can afford. Imagine if somebody came to this body and said: I have a great idea for a bill. I am going to raise taxes on the middle class and give a great big break to hedge fund managers. We wouldn’t even think about it. It wouldn’t even get out of committee. Yet that is es-sentially what this is all about. How much of a tax increase is it on somebody? Well, in Hancock County, where these folks live, for a 60-year-old making $40,000 a year—these are real numbers from the Kaiser Family Foun-dation—under the Affordable Care Act the premium is $4,080 a year, about 10 percent of your income. That is still substantial. But under the bill passed by the House, that would go to $17,090 on a $40,000 gross income. It is ridicu-lous to go from $4,000 to $17,000. Where does that difference come from? It is going back to the people who don’t need it. It is going back to the people who make $200,000, $400,000, $800,000, $1 million, $5 million a year— a 300-percent increase in out-of-pocket costs for healthcare. In Knox County— I think David is younger than 60, but if he were 60—his premium goes from $4,080 to $10,590, more than doubled. This just doesn’t make sense to me. This whole discussion doesn’t make sense to me. I agree that we need to talk about healthcare, and I agree that we need to do something about it, but we are doing the wrong thing. We are making it worse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.007 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3467 June 14, 2017 
There are two problems with healthcare in this country. We can boil it down to two issues—cost and access. The Affordable Care Act, although it dealt somewhat with cost, was mostly about access—allowing people who don’t have health insurance to get it, whether through Medicaid expansion or through the exchanges. Cost is a bigger issue, and it is one that we also have to deal with. But that is not what is on the floor now, or will be soon, and it is not what is being considered in Congress. But I would argue that we really have to pay atten-tion to that issue as well. So all of this and taking coverage away from my friend David or Jen and John and thousands—we know the number from the House bill, 23 million people in America—to give a massive tax break so a guy making a couple million dollars a year can buy an extra Maserati just doesn’t pass the straight- face test for good public policy. I am the first to agree that the Af-fordable Care Act is not perfect. I think there are things about it that need to be fixed and adjusted, and we need to work on how we do the deductibles, how we improve that, and how we broaden the coverage and maybe make it more of a sliding scale. All of those things are things we can discuss and work on, and I am abso-lutely willing to do it—but the idea of repealing it just to check a box to meet a campaign promise and to be so diver-gent from what the President has said over and over in the campaign and since that time—that he wants cov-erage for everyone, no preexisting con-ditions, and lower premiums and deductibles. I am for it. But what we are doing is the exact opposite—the exact 180-degree opposite. So let’s take a breath. There is no deadline here of next week or the July 4th recess. Let’s take a break and back off and start talking about it as Sen-ators and Representatives from all over the country and all parties. I think we ought to be able to come to some agreement here. Now, if there are people who are just hell-bent to provide a tax cut to multi-millionaires, then, there isn’t an agree-ment to be had. If that has to be part of the deal, include me out. But if we can start talking reasonably about how we can improve the Affordable Care Act—I don’t care if we improve it, change it, tinker with it, and call it TrumpCare or McConnellCare or RyanCare. Call it what you want, but let’s provide health insurance, which is so important to the American people. I have told this story a couple of times, but I am going to conclude with why I am so passionate about this. Forty years ago, I worked here. I was a staff member, and I had insurance. For the first time in my young life, I think, I had health insurance. Part of the health insurance was a provision for preventive care, which is also required under the Affordable Care Act. So you could have a free physical. I was 28, 29 years old and immortal. We all were at that age. But I said: What the heck; it is free. I guess I will have a physical. So I went in and had a physical. The doctor looked me over, looked at my eyes, and down my throat. But he hap-pened to notice that on my black I had a black mole. He said: I don’t like the looks of that. That ought to be taken off. I didn’t even notice it. I didn’t even know it was there. He took it off, and it turned out to be something called malignant melanoma, which is one of the most virulent and serious forms of cancer. The thing about malignant melanoma is that, if you catch it in time, you are good. Here I am, 40 years later. If you don’t, you are gone. I have had friends in Maine and in other parts of the country who have died of mela-noma. It has always haunted me to this day that the only reason I caught it and my life was saved was because I had health insurance, and somewhere in this country there was a young man who also had a mole on his back or on his arm or on his neck and who didn’t have health insurance, didn’t have pre-ventive care, didn’t go to the doctor, and he is gone. That is not fair. That is not right. In a country as advanced and wealthy as this is, it is not right that that guy died and I am here. So don’t ever tell me that health in-surance doesn’t save lives because it does. There is no doubt that it does. That is why it is so important for us to get this right and not just cavalierly and blithely rip health insurance away from people—many of whom have got-ten it for the first time, many of whom are small business people—the very people we all talk about wanting to help. We can’t do it. It is a dereliction of our duty to serve the American people. We need to figure out how to do it right. We need to figure out how to do it effectively and efficiently. In the end, we are here to help our fellow citi-zens. I am here for Maine, and I can’t let my people suffer under a law that would take something away which they have come to depend upon and that has saved lives and means so much to them. We can do better. I am sure of it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I have just been informed that the al-leged shooter at the Republican base-ball practice this morning is someone who apparently volunteered on my Presidential campaign. I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Vio-lence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms. Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs counter to our most deeply held American values. I know I speak for the entire country in saying that my hopes and prayers are that Representative SCALISE , con-gressional staff, and the Capitol police officers who were wounded make a quick and full recovery. I also want to thank the Capitol Police for their he-roic actions to prevent further harm. Thank you, Madam President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I understand Senator M
CCAINhas come to the floor. I will yield to him as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 232, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, I rise in support of the Countering Russian Aggression and Cyber Attacks Act, an amendment to the Iran sanctions bill currently under consideration. In just the last 3 years under Vladi-mir Putin, Russia has invaded Ukraine, annexed Crimea, threatened NATO al-lies, and intervened militarily in Syria, leaving a trail of death, destruction, and broken promises in his wake. And of course, last year, Russia attacked the foundations of American democ-racy with a cyber and information campaign to interfere in America’s 2016 election. It has been 8 months now since the U.S. intelligence community publicly concluded that the Russian Govern-ment had attempted to interfere in our last Presidential election. Since then, the intelligence community has con-cluded that it is confident that the Russian Government directed a cam-paign to compromise emails, American individuals, and political organiza-tions; that Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign to undermine pub-lic faith in the democratic process; and that Moscow will apply lessons learned from this campaign to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their election processes. Months of congressional hearings, testimony, and investigative work have reinforced these conclusions that Russia deliberately interfered in our recent election with cyber attacks and a disinformation campaign designed to weaken America and undermine faith in our democracy and our values. Vladimir Putin’s brazen attack on our democracy is a flagrant demonstration of his disdain and disrespect for our Nation. This should not just outrage every American; it should, at long last, compel us to action. In the last 8 months, what price has Russia paid for attacking American de-mocracy? Hardly any at all: Modest sanctions against a few Russian indi-viduals and entities, some Russian dip-lomats and spies sent home to Russia, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Jun 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.008 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3468 June 14, 2017 
two spy compounds closed, at least for now—and all of this is reversible at the discretion of the President. We must take our own side in this fight, not as Republicans, not as Demo-crats, but as Americans. It is time to respond to Russia’s attack on Amer-ican democracy with strength, with re-solve, with common purpose and with action. So I am proud to support this amendment, which would begin to do just that. This legislation incorporates some of the best ideas from different pieces of legislation already introduced in the Senate, ideas that have broad bipar-tisan support. The amendment would impose mandatory sanctions on trans-actions with the Russian defense or in-telligence sectors, including the FSB and the GRU, the Russian military in-telligence agency that was primarily responsible for Russia’s attack on our election. The amendment would impose man-datory visa bans and asset freezes on any individual who undermines the cyber security of public or private in-frastructure and democratic institu-tions, and it would impose mandatory sanctions on those who assist or sup-port such activities. The amendment would codify exist-ing sanctions on Russia by placing into law Executive orders signed by Presi-dent Obama in response to both Rus-sian interference in the 2016 election and its illegal actions in Ukraine, and it would take new steps to tighten those sanctions. The amendment would target the Russian energy sector, which is con-trolled by Vladimir Putin’s cronies, with sanctions on investments in Rus-sian petroleum and natural gas devel-opment, as well as Russian energy pipelines. We also need to put additional pres-sure on the ability of Putin and his cronies to move money they have looted from the Russian state. So this amendment would mandate that the Secretary of the Treasury establish a high-level task force within the De-partment’s financial crimes and en-forcement network that would focus on tracing, mapping, and prosecuting il-licit financial flows linked to Russia, if such flows interact with the U.S. finan-cial system. The task force would also work with liaison officers in key U.S. embassies, especially in Europe, to work with local authorities to uncover and prosecute the networks responsible for the illicit Russian financial flows. Finally, recognizing that Russia seeks to undermine not just American democracy but Western democracy al-together, this amendment would pro-vide support to the State Department, Global Engagement Center, and USAID to help build the resilience of demo-cratic institutions in Europe against Russian aggression exerted through corruption, propaganda, and other forms of political interference. Importantly, the legislation also mandates congressional oversight of any decision to provide any relief from these sanctions. Administrations can-not waive or lift these sanctions with-out certifying that Russia is making concrete steps toward changing its be-havior on the international stage. In particular, Russia needs to begin ad-hering to the Minsk Protocol, roll back its occupation of Crimea and desta-bilizing efforts in Ukraine, and cease its cyber operations aimed at under-mining democracy in the United States and Europe. We need a strong Russia sanctions amendment, we need it now, and we need it on this piece of legislation. We need this amendment because we have no time to waste. The United States of America needs to send a strong mes-sage to Vladimir Putin and any other aggressor that we will not tolerate at-tacks on our democracy. There is no greater threat to our freedoms than at-tacks on our ability to choose our own leaders, free from foreign interference, and so we must act accordingly and we must act now. I would like to thank my friend and colleague on the other side of the aisle—one of the really great remain-ing members of the Communist Party— who has allowed me to speak and give this statement. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I appreciate my colleague’s sense of humor. 
TRANSPARENCY IN BUSINESS OWNERSHIP  
Madam President, the United States of America has suffered an unprece-dented intrusion into our American Presidential elections. In January, our intelligence agencies disclosed that agents of Russia, on the orders of President Vladimir Putin, engaged in a massive election influence campaign throughout 2016. This effort strikes at the very heart of our representative democracy. All Americans should take this attack deadly seriously. Congress had to act against such interference decisively. By strengthening economic sanctions against the Russian gangster state, we hit them where it hurts, right in the oligarch. I am glad to see that Repub-lican and Democratic Senators came together to do this. Now the question will shift to the White House. Last July, as evidence of Russian election meddling began to emerge, then-candidate for Vice Presi-dent M
IKEPENCE said: ‘‘If it is Russia and they are interfering in our elec-tions, I can assure you both parties in the United States government will en-sure there are serious consequences.’’ Well, it is Russia, and they were interfering, but there has been little sign of consequences so far from the Trump White House. Michael Flynn, as adviser to the President-elect, had illicit communica-tions with the Russian Ambassador, about which he then lied. Trump ap-pointees at the State Department alarmed career officials with their rush to craft a pro-Russia program. Presi-dent Trump held an unprecedented, cozy meeting with Russian envoys—all smiles in the Oval Office—a meeting for which Putin says he has a tran-script. In Europe, Trump, dropping the assurances about article 5 protections from his NATO speech, gave the Rus-sians joy. The Trump administration has been reportedly trying to return two com-pounds used by Russian intelligence to Russian control—compounds here in the United States. Former FBI Direc-tor James Comey told the Senate last week that President Trump never spoke to him, not even once, about de-fending against Russia’s acts of aggres-sion. Well, the threat from Russia is se-vere. Chairman GRAHAM and I held hearings in our Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime and Terrorism, exploring the Russian toolbox for in-terference in democracies across the globe—how Russia exploits the dark shadows of other countries’ political and economic systems. One tool is campaign money. Russia is reported to have funneled money to French far-right party Presidential candidate, Marine Le Pen, for instance, as part of a reward for her support of Russia’s actions in Crimea. Ken Wainstein, Homeland Security Advisor to George W. Bush, cited Russia as a threat of that kind of foreign financial infiltration here in the United States. ‘‘It is critical that we effectively en-force the campaign finance laws that would prevent this type of financial in-fluence by foreign actors,’’ Wainstein told our subcommittee. But that task proves difficult in a system like ours that permits the free flow of dark money. Since the Citizens United decision, we have seen unprecedented dark money flow into our elections from anonymous dark money organizations, groups that we allow to hide the identi-ties of their big donors. We don’t know who is behind that dark money or what they are demanding in return. Despite this risk, Congress has been unwilling to push back against the tide of dark money. Too many are too in tow to the big American dark money emperors, like the Koch brothers, but once you permit big money to flow through dark money channels, cash from Vladimir Putin is no more traceable than cash from Charles and David Koch. ‘‘The Kremlin’s Trojan Horses’’ is a study of Russian influence in Western Europe done by the Atlantic Council. Russia takes advantage of nontrans-parency in campaign financing and fi-nancial transactions, the report says, to build political alliances with ideo-logically friendly political groups and individuals, as well as to establish pro- Russian organizations in civil society, creating a shadowy web of political networks which help to propagate the regime’s point of view. Corruption is the grid on which the electrons of Russian influence flow. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.011 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3469 June 14, 2017 
the foreword to the ‘‘Kremlin’s Trojan Horses’’ report, Radoslaw Sikorski, former Foreign Minister of Poland, who has seen a lot of this up close, de-scribed what he called ‘‘the financial networks that allow authoritarian re-gimes to export corruption to the West.’’ He warns: 
Electoral rules should be amended, so that publically funded political groups, primarily political parties, should at the very least be required to report the sources of their fund-ing. 
He continues: 
The Kremlin’s blatant attempts to influ-ence and disrupt the U.S. Presidential elec-tion should serve as an inspiration for a democratic push back. 
Well, we should certainly push back by requiring political entities in this country to report their sources of fund-ing. Another of our witnesses, Heather Conley at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, wrote about ‘‘The Kremlin Playbook.’’ The CSIS re-port, ‘‘The Kremlin Playbook,’’ calls corruption ‘‘the common thread’’ among these various drivers of Russian influence. It is, the authors write, ‘‘the lubricant on which this system oper-ates.’’ She testified just today in the Helsinki Commission that ‘‘corruption is a systemic weakness within a coun-try that is exploited and influenced by adversaries and from which no country is immune, including the United States.’’ Where Russia can work in darkness, Russian agents systemically exploit democratic institutions to acquire in-fluence over politicians and political systems using corruption. Russia has done this in the former Soviet Union and in Europe for decades, and we should be prepared in the United States, Ms. Conley says, for them to keep doing it here. ‘‘The Kremlin Playbook’’ warns that to fight the corruption that gives Rus-sia this channel of influence, ‘‘enhanc-ing transparency and the effectiveness of the Western democratic tools, in-struments, and institutions is critical to resilience against Russian influ-ence.’’ Ms. Conley echoed the widespread warnings that the United States is par-ticularly susceptible to Russian influ-ence via dark money channels in our politics. That is widely agreed. She and others have warned of a sec-ond vulnerability: lax incorporation laws that hide the true owners of shell corporations. In the same way that dark money channels can hide the hand of foreign influence, so can shell cor-porations, which obscure the hand of the entity behind the corporate screen. Interestingly, USA TODAY just re-ported: ‘‘Since President Trump won the Republican nomination, the major-ity of his companies’ real estate sales are to secretive shell companies that obscure the buyers’ identities.’’ Our lax incorporation laws have made the United States a destination for drug traffickers, terrorists, corrupt foreign officials, tax cheats, and other criminals from around the world. Former FBI Director Comey testified before the Judiciary Committee that the United States is becoming the last big haven for shell corporations—sick-ening but true. These crooks come here to America to form shell companies to hide assets and obscure illegal activi-ties. For added safety, a foreign gang-ster or a crooked despot or an agent of Putin could put a shell corporation be-hind a shell corporation with another shell corporation behind that. There are few safeguards in place to prevent foreign actors from funneling money into our elections through face-less shell companies. We actually al-ready see shell companies used to hide the identities behind big political spending. This is not a potential. This is happening now. We just don’t know whether foreign influence is behind it. Nothing prevents agents of Putin from being behind those hidden entities. Part of the Kremlin’s playbook is to use shell corporations and other de-vices to establish illicit financial rela-tionships with prominent local figures. The shell entities allow Russian money to flow anonymously into crooked deals. The crooked deals give rise to corrupt relationships, and these cor-rupt relationships give Russia leverage, either through the carrot of continued bribery of the prominent local figure or the stick of threatened disclosure of the crooked deal imperiling the promi-nent local figure. The prominent local figure in the crooked deal is well and truly on the Russian hook. For what it is worth, Donald Trump is the very model of the Russian mark in this sort of scheme. To close this avenue of foreign polit-ical influence, Ms. Conley told us: ‘‘Building and strengthening financial transparency requirements and bene-ficial ownership will go an extraor-dinary way to prevent these corrupt practices to further Russia’s influ-ence.’’ We really ought to be able to agree that we need to prevent these corrupt practices to further Russia’s influence. The answer to the problem of shell corporations is simple: Have each state track the actual owners of companies they charter and make that informa-tion available to Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies through proper process. That is what Ms. Conley means by that phrase she used, ‘‘beneficial ownership.’’ It is the term of art for a simple concept, know-ing who the real owner is. The True Incorporation Trans-parency for Law Enforcement, or TITLE, Act, which Chairman G
RASS -
LEYand I will reintroduce soon, would require States to identify the actual human beings who own the company they incorporate. The bill would pro-vide funding to support the mainte-nance and retrieval of this informa-tion, which would be available to law enforcement officers who present valid, court-ordered subpoenas or search war-rants. The bill has bipartisan support and has received strong endorsement from the law enforcement community, banks, and anti-trafficking organiza-tions. Transparency in business ownership is ever more vital around the world. The European Union understands very well the shadow of Russian influence that has been cast over it, and every member of the European Union has committed to ensuring incorporation transparency. The United Kingdom, Spain, Germany, Italy, and France have already enacted incorporation transparency laws. The light of cor-porate transparency is about to shine throughout Europe to help defend them from Russian influence. This means that money from those shell companies and schemes committed through those shell companies will be looking for new, dark homes, likely in American shell corporations. Again, we are sup-posed to be an example to the world. We are supposed to be the ‘‘City upon a Hill,’’ not the place where the world’s most corrupt and criminal evildoers come to hide their cash and their as-sets. We know the Russian playbook for election interference exploits opaque incorporation laws. We know criminals and even terrorists view the United States as a haven to hide illegal activ-ity and its proceeds. We even know, weirdly, that lax incorporation laws are affecting our real estate market. Some American cities are so loaded with real estate held by shell corpora-tions that it is actually driving up the prices for real American home buyers. Of course, there are not a lot of people in the corner store when the property is held for a foreign owner as the safe-guard for his illicit gains. We must take commonsense steps to stop these activities and bring wrong-doers into the light. The measures that we will take against Russia are wel-come and, as Senator MCCAINhas said, even overdue, but we must remember that this is an ongoing battle and we have systemic weaknesses that have al-ready been clearly identified to us over and over by bipartisan experts in this field and renowned think tanks and study groups here in Washington. To quote Ms. Conley again, ‘‘the battle of Western democracies to defeat corrup-tion’’ must be seen as ‘‘a matter of na-tional security.’’ Testifying before our Crime and Ter-rorism Subcommittee, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper agreed and urged Congress to act. He said: 
I believe [the Russians] are now emboldened to continue such activities in the future both here and around the world, and to do so even more intensely. If there has ever been a clarion call for vigilance and action against a threat to the very founda-tion of our democratic political system, this episode is it. I hope the American people recognize the severity of this threat and that we collec-tively counter it before it further erodes the fabric of our democracy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.015 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3470 June 14, 2017 
This week the Senate takes strong steps to punish Russia for its disrup-tive meddling in the past, but we must do more. Dark money and the shell cor-porations that allow Russian influence are identified known vulnerabilities in the future. Every warning is that the Russians are not going away and that future elections will be marked by Rus-sian mischief. We have to close both avenues of foreign influence and cor-ruption: dark money and shell corpora-tions. They are no good in any event. They are no good in any event, and now they bring the added contamination of Russian election manipulation. I hope we can work together to remedy that contamination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, there are some days that are noisy in DC and in the Nation. It seems as if the disagreements and the discourse have paused for just a moment, and we re-member again that we are all Ameri-cans and that there are issues we are facing as a nation. Earlier this morning a group of base-ball players who are also Members of Congress were getting together to prac-tice for a congressional baseball game happening tomorrow night. It is a friendly game, a great competition for charity, and a few Members, Repub-licans and Democrats, from both the House and the Senate get together and practice and then play the game. This morning at the Republican prac-tice, a man walked onto the field and opened fire on guys just practicing baseball. S
TEVE SCALISE , who is the majority whip, was hit, two members of his de-tail, Capitol Hill police, were injured, and other individuals who were there were injured as well. The Capitol Po-lice saved many lives this morning. They were prepared and they returned fire and were able to stop the person who was shooting over and over again at everybody he could see on that base-ball field. What has been interesting today— since I have come out this morning, as I have walked through the hallways heading back and forth to different meetings, I have been interested to see many doors that I have walked by, and when those doors were open, I could hear people inside praying. There have been at least three organized prayer meetings on the Hill today, specifically related just to that, and others sponta-neously occurring. Just for a moment we have the opportunity to be able to reflect and say to God: Thank You so much for protecting the people on that field. Thank you again to the Capitol Po-lice, who literally put their lives on the line to protect the guests and the Mem-bers and staff here every single day. Once again, we remember that we are a nation that solves things by con-versation. We disagree, and that is OK. We have said for two centuries that we can disagree. We don’t solve it this way, and we cannot. I would like to be able to join what is happening all over this Hill for just a moment in this room—for us to be able to pray for a moment, as well, for the people who were there and for the peo-ple who are going through surgery right now and for their families. For every single staff member who is here, every single Member who is here, every member of the Capitol Hill police, their families are calling them and texting them and saying: Are you OK? These families are scattered all over the country, and they are worried. We can help lead. We can set a tone to tell the Nation that we should dis-agree on things, but we don’t ever do this. So I would like to ask for us to be able to take a moment of privilege and just be able to pray. Father, thank You for the way that You have protected—for those individ-uals who are in surgery now and recov-ering now, for the Capitol Hill police, STEVE SCALISE , and for other individ-uals who were affected today, God, we pray that You would bring them heal-ing. We pray that You would take care of families who are worried and the Na-tion that is worried. We pray that You would cause something good to come out of something that is very evil. Help us to know how we respond as a nation. I ask this in the Name of Jesus. Amen. 
AMENDMENT NO . 232, AS MODIFIED  
Madam President, we have a lot of issues that are moving right now and a lot of issues that we are discussing. Currently we are discussing sanctions. The sanctions for Russia are entirely appropriate. I have no question in my mind that Russia has tried to interfere with our elections. I have no question in my mind that Russia did work to interfere with the elections across Europe, espe-cially Eastern Europe. There are indi-viduals in Russia that mean to do our Nation economic harm, political harm, and to cause turmoil. For whatever reason, they believe they can strength-en their nation by trying to cause chaos everywhere else. As Americans, we believe we strengthen our Nation by helping oth-ers to succeed. For whatever reason, the Russians believe they can strength-en their nation by trying to cause oth-ers to fall. It reminds me a lot of bul-lies on playgrounds and in middle schools. For whatever reason, they do not advance to the level that they find great joy in helping others; they find their pleasure in trying to diminish others. There is an appropriate re-sponse we can make back to that as a Nation; that is, to continue sanctions and to be able to press that. With the sanctions conversation we have about Russia, we also have an on-going conversation about sanctions on Iran, and that is one of the reasons I want to visit with this body today to put this word out. For whatever rea-son, the way sanctions are being orga-nized right now against Russia and Iran, there are two different platforms for how to unwind those sanctions. The way this bill is currently offered, the sanctions against Russia cannot be unwound except by congressional ac-tion, but it is not so against Iran, and I am trying to figure out why. This Congress came to this floor just about a year and a half ago with a bill called the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act, which passed 98 to 1 in this body. It was to be able to take author-ity back so that Congress should be able to vote on sanctions being lifted, in case there is ever a time that any President wants to be able to lift sanc-tions. Obviously, that debate was cir-cling around the Iran nuclear negotia-tion at that time, and this body voted 98 to 1 that there should be account-ability on any President, regardless of who it is, on the lifting of sanctions against the largest state sponsor of ter-rorism in the world, which is Iran. So we added in those sanctions, but for whatever reason on this particular vote, those aren’t there, and I have an issue with that. I would say to this body: Can we learn our lesson? When Congress cre-ates sanctions on nation-states and on individuals, we should also have the authority to determine whether they are lifted or not lifted. Because of that, I have filed simple language to be able to take the bill we have currently and to be able to add in simple language that says something very straight-forward: The President can, for na-tional security reasons, lift sanctions on the nation or on individuals for 120 days but cannot renew that until it comes back to Congress. If it is truly for national security reasons, there will not be any problem convincing this Congress, either body, that it is es-sential to be able to do that. But if you can’t convince this body that it is for national security reasons, you cer-tainly are not convincing the American people of that. It is simple, straightforward lan-guage that I believe we should have in all of our sanctions bills. Whether it is North Korea, Iran, Russia, or whatever it may be, we should simply say that the American people, through their elected Representatives, say that this group of individuals should be sanc-tioned, and no individual can pull that back unilaterally without it coming back to the American people again to be able to turn it off. That is how we work as a Nation. I believe that is how we should work in the days ahead. This is not a hostile amendment. This is an amendment saying that we have learned our lesson as a body. We should actually apply this. This is not a partisan issue. Whether it is a Repub-lican or Democrat President is irrele-vant in this issue. If Congress creates sanctions, Congress should not release the authority to make decisions on and off. What we turned on, we should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.016 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3471 June 14, 2017 
able to turn off. That is the way our system works. I look forward to the open debate on this simple issue, and I look forward to our determining as a body how we han-dle sanctions for any nation or any group in the days ahead. With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to engage in a colloquy with my colleague from Missouri. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. COONS. Madam President, I come to the floor today, along with my colleague the Senator from Missouri, as the cochair of the bipartisan Law Enforcement Caucus. We have come to express our concern and our gratitude. This morning our colleagues and our friends, including Congressman S
TEVE  S
CALISE from Louisiana, were sense-lessly attacked while at a practice in Alexandria for tomorrow’s annual bi-partisan congressional baseball game. Our deepest thoughts and prayers are with the members of the Capitol Police and Congressman S
CALISE and every-one who was injured, as well as their families. While we still don’t know all of the details of this morning’s event, one fact is true. Were it not for the skill, bravery, prompt response, and profes-sionalism of the Capitol Police and Al-exandria police, this tragic event would have been much, much worse. For those of us who serve and work every day in Congress at the Capitol, we see the men and women of the Cap-itol Police. They protect the Members of Congress, our staffs, and the Capitol itself, but that doesn’t begin to de-scribe the vital and noble work they do, because the Capitol Police don’t simply protect the people in the build-ings on the Capitol campus. They pro-tect, they serve, and they honor our Capitol, our country, and our democ-racy itself. They sacrifice and they risk their lives each and every day to en-sure that this Capitol is a Capitol for the people, a Capitol for every man, woman, and child in the United States. It is the Capitol Police, in close and important partnership with local po-lice, who ensure that everyone and anyone can come to this place to make their voices heard and to take part in our democracy. They make these sacrifices and take these risks every day, and this morn-ing’s events are a sobering reminder of what the men and women of law en-forcement all across the country—and yes, today, here among the Capitol Po-lice—take on each and every day. I urge everyone who works and serves here in the Capitol to take a moment to pray for and be grateful for the men and women of the Capitol Police, the men and women of the Alexandria po-lice, and the men and women of law en-forcement all across the Nation. With that, I yield to my colleague from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I thank my colleague for yielding. When Senator COONS and I came to the Senate about 6 years ago, it was about the time we formed the Law En-forcement Caucus. Over that 6 years, we have been continually reminded of how those who run toward danger when others run away protect us. They don’t know on any given day what they may be dealing with that day, and their family doesn’t know either. They are here to protect those who might be the victims of crime. What we saw today was a horrific and cowardly attack at baseball practice— someone who takes a weapon and de-cides they are going to harm people they don’t know for whatever cowardly reason that person had. Of course, we continue to pray for the swift recovery of those who were injured and for the caregivers who are helping them right now. Every day, when I come to the Cap-itol grounds, the first person I see is al-most always a member of the Capitol Police. No matter how late it is when I leave at night, the last person I see is almost always a member of the Capitol Police. They have a hard job to do. They do it with the highest level of professionalism and dedication. Their families see them leave for work at whatever time of the day their assign-ments have them leaving for work and are hopeful that those they love will come home. That accounts for all of our law enforcement officers all over the country—the law enforcement offi-cers and other first responders—who rush into dangerous situations not knowing what could be there. We were very fortunate today. Our Members of Congress were there— Members of the House, Members of the Senate—and the people who were vol-unteering to make that game work the way it needs to work in order to have a bipartisan annual event to look for-ward to and to use that event to raise money for charity. There were staff who were there, supporting. Fortu-nately for all of them, S
TEVE SCALISE , who is the majority whip in the House, was there, which meant that there were Capitol Police and security people there with him. It is hard to imagine what might have happened if they had not been there. The Alexandria police would have done a great job and gotten there as quickly as they could, but we have these people who are committed to providing for the safety of Members of Congress, people who are visiting the Capitol, and people who are in the area of the Capitol when anything might happen. Over and over again, Senator C
OONS and I and others have seen the Capitol Police have to step forward. I hope we will all remember to not only be grateful every day for those who are willing to serve but will also continue to pray today for the families of the people who were impacted today—the families who sent their sons and daughters here to be Members of Congress as well as to be staffers in the Congress. The first news they heard this morning was of some senseless at-tack that appeared to be an attack be-cause people were Members of Con-gress. No act of violence, no matter how evil or senseless, will ever come close to shaking the foundations of our de-mocracy, but in moments like this, we are always brought back to the impor-tant recognition that we are Ameri-cans first. That is why our country will always be a beacon of freedom. The things we debate every day are not nearly as big or powerful as the things that unite us every day, and mo-ments like this bring that sense of unity and concern and commitment of maintaining a society that is free and secure and bring a greater appreciation for those who spend all day, every working day, with that as their prin-cipal obligation. We owe them a great debt of gratitude. Today, we owe the Capitol Police, followed up by the Alexandria police, because of the countless lives that might have been taken if the Capitol Police had not been there at the in-stance this cowardly attack started. Once again, Senator COONS and I are reminded of how important it is that the Law Enforcement Caucus really, truly respect those who serve and the families of those who serve. Senator, I am glad to yield back to you for a final comment. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank my colleague for the chance to work together to lift up in a bipartisan way the men and women of law enforcement and to express our prayers and our gratitude for the men and women of law enforcement—for the Alexandria police and everyone who serves in our entire Nation to help keep it safe and secure. Thank you. I yield the floor. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, this side of the Capitol is obviously sending our thoughts and prayers to colleagues in the House of Representatives—par-ticularly, to Congressman S
CALISE — and to the other wounded law enforce-ment individuals and staff. Certainly, our hearts and prayers go out to those individuals too. These men and women who protect us every day here in the Capitol do an outstanding job. We really want to make sure they understand how impor-tant it is and how much we appreciate their protection of us and the security they provide to everyone here in the Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.017 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3472 June 14, 2017 
(The remarks of Ms. C ANTWELL and Ms. C
OLLINS pertaining to the introduc-tion of S. 1352 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I would like to express the sentiments of all of us who were stunned and saddened to learn first thing this morning of the at-tack on our colleagues and their staff on the House side as they practiced for the Republican team for the annual Congressional Baseball Game. Senator R
AND PAUL, who was present, told us at lunch about what happened. He emphasized time and again the absolutely heroic behavior, the extraordinary bravery of the Cap-itol police officers who were part of Representative S
CALISE ’s detail. He said that, without these two police offi-cers, he has no doubt that many more people would have been injured and likely killed. So I think it is important for us to pause and express our gratitude to the men and women of the Capitol Police Force, and, indeed, to the first respond-ers and law enforcement officers every-where, who, day after day, put their lives on the line for our country. With-out their help today, the terrible at-tack would have been far, far worse. So I thank them. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am here this afternoon to speak about the amendment to address sanctions on Russia, but I want to preface my re-marks by saying, like all of us here in the Capitol today, that my thoughts are with Congressman S
CALISE and with the staff member, the two Capitol police officers, and others who were part of the terrible tragedy this morn-ing. In particular, I want to salute the officers involved, whose courage and professionalism undoubtedly saved many lives, and I join with the entire Senate family in hoping for a full re-covery for everyone involved. 
AMENDMENT NO . 232, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. President, in a few minutes, we will vote on a bipartisan amendment to strengthen sanctions on Russia and to mandate rigorous congressional review of any effort to loosen the sanctions re-gime. I am pleased to cosponsor this amendment, which has real teeth, in-cluding provisions that I advocated for to prevent sanctioned individuals from using family members to circumvent sanctions. I am also pleased that the amend-ment includes congressional review of any decision to restore Russia’s access to non-Embassy compounds that were seized at the end of last year in the United States. I think this is not the time to grant Russia such privileges, especially given that it would bolster their intelligence-gathering capabili-ties. I am pleased that this is a bipartisan amendment, thanks to the leadership of the chair and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, on which I serve, Chair CORKER and Rank-ing Member C
ARDIN , as well as the chair and ranking member of the Bank-ing Committee, Senator C
RAPO , who is here, and Ranking Member B
ROWN . They worked very hard to come up with a bipartisan agreement. I also want to recognize Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM , whose work on the underlying bill gave us a founda-tion to come up with this amendment. Again, on a personal level, I want to especially thank the chair and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee. Senator C
ORKER had made a commitment to get this bill done after we got back from the break. He has been good on his word, and we have a bipartisan agreement. I think these measures are necessary because the United States has been at-tacked by a hostile foreign power. As a result, we have a responsibility to re-spond in a way that punishes the attacker and that strives to prevent a recurrence in the future. In January, the Director of National Intelligence released a declassified re-port on Russia’s interference in our election. I think it is important to reit-erate what that report said. It states: 
We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election. Rus-sia’s goals were to undermine faith in the US democratic process. 
While recently we have learned more about the scope of their interference, a classified National Security Agency re-port, prepared prior to the November election, concluded that Russian mili-tary intelligence executed a cyber at-tack on at least one U.S. voting soft-ware supplier and sent spear-fishing emails to more than 100 local election officials. Yesterday, Bloomberg re-ported that Russia’s cyber attack on the U.S. electoral system included in-cursions into voter databases and soft-ware systems in as many as 39 States. We are learning more and more about the extent to which Russia attacked our voting system and tried to under-mine our elections. That is exactly why the Senate stands united behind this bipartisan amendment to stiffen sanctions. We must not allow this kind of interference in our elections to be-come a normal process. What we have heard from experts in the intelligence community—they have warned us that if Russia gets a pass on this, that it will interfere in future U.S. elections. We have seen it in Eu-rope and other Western democracies. In testimony last month before the Judiciary Committee, the former Di-rector of National Intelligence, James Clapper, said: 
I believe [the Russians] are now emboldened to continue such activities in the future both here and around the world, and to do so even more intensely. 
He goes on to say: 
I hope the American people recognize the severity of this threat and that we collec-tively counter it before it further erodes the fabric of our democracy. Russia’s interference in our electoral process should outrage every patriotic American. We need a bolder, more ag-gressive strategy for deterring Russia. This bipartisan agreement to stiffen sanctions is a critical step forward. In concert with this legislation, we need to be focused on bolstering NATO and our European allies, and we need to demonstrate more vigorous support for Ukraine’s efforts to strengthen its democracy and independence. We need to be more aggressive in countering the Russia propaganda and disinformation campaign, including the Russia Today empire. Finally, I want to again applaud the leadership of all of our committees who were involved in coming up with this bipartisan agreement. Also, I applaud the bipartisan leadership of Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and Minority Lead-er S
CHUMER because without their ne-gotiations, we would not be here today. I certainly urge all of my colleagues in both Houses of Congress to promptly approve this legislation, and I hope the President will sign it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Ohio speak next for 2 minutes, the Senator from Idaho speak after that for 5, and I will conclude with 5 minutes. The vote will be held there-after. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank the Democratic leader. I thank my friend, the chairman of the Banking Committee, and also Senator S
HAHEEN . Hardly a week goes by that we don’t learn more about the efforts of the Russian Government to sow the seeds of dissent around the world. Apart from oil and gas, this seems to be Rus-sia’s primary export. One administra-tion after another has tried to reason with President Putin, but appeals to reason clearly don’t work. Vladimir Putin needs to know he will pay an increasing price for his hostile actions. He needs to know we will stand up for our allies in Ukraine and throughout Europe. He needs to know we will not tolerate his interference in our democratic process, whether in the last election or the next election. Instead of providing a firm, clear message that we will not tolerate Rus-sia’s bad behavior, this administration has been all over the diplomatic map— and that is just in its public pro-nouncements. Frankly, we don’t know exactly what the Trump administra-tion is doing privately with the oligarchs, the oilmen, the Kremlin, or even with President Putin himself. This amendment sends a firm, clear message we need right now: The United States of America will not accept con-tinued Russian aggression. We will put tough measures in place to punish past 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.019 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3473 June 14, 2017 
actions and to deter future aggressions. We will stand by our allies. I commend Senators G
RAHAM and B
LUMENTHAL for their amendments. I thank Chairman C
RAPO for his leader-ship. I thank Senator C
ORKER and Sen-ator C
ARDIN and all the Senators who have put time and effort into this issue. On behalf of the Ukrainian commu-nity in my State, on behalf of fair play, and on behalf of the integrity of the American election system, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President. I rise to speak on behalf of the Crapo-Brown- Corker-Cardin Countering Russian Ag-gression and Cyber Attacks Act of 2017. This is filed as amendment No. 232 to the pending Iran sanctions bill, and as has been indicated, we will vote on it in just a few minutes. This amendment is the result of a partnership between the Senate Banking Committee and Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Amendment 232 ratchets up pressure against the Russian Federation for its illegal invasion and annexation of Cri-mea, its continuing escalation of vio-lence in eastern Ukraine, and its ma-lign cyber activities against businesses and citizens of the United States. It also provides Congress with strong oversight over almost any termination or suspension of these sanctions. I spoke yesterday about the hard work of Senators C
ORKER , B ROWN , C
ARDIN , and their staffs. I thank them again for their leadership. I also thank Senators M
CCAIN, GRAHAM , and S HA-
HEEN , who contributed to these efforts. I recognize our latest cosponsors, Sen-ators P
ERDUE , M ENENDEZ , W ARREN , R
UBIO, SCOTT, H EITKAMP , R EED, and T
OOMEY . I appreciate their cosponsor-ship and support as well. We appreciate the leadership of Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and Democratic Leader S
CHUMER , who helped ensure we could move a good Russia sanctions package. The need for this legislation is under-lined by the fact that many Americans have deep concerns about Russia’s be-havior over the past few years. Since coming to power, Russian President Putin has become increas-ingly belligerent, nationalistic, and autocratic. Americans are concerned about Russia’s behavior in Ukraine and Syria, and they are concerned about Russia’s increased cyber intrusions. Many of us on both sides of the aisle feel the United States needs to be much stronger in its response to Rus-sia. Americans want to see the United States stand firm in defense of our long-held values, which include respect for territorial integrity, human rights, and liberty. The Crapo-Brown-Corker-Cardin amendment signals to the world that the United States has unflagging com-mitment to the sanctity of territorial integrity, human rights, and good gov-ernance. Our amendment also dem-onstrates our resolve in responding to cyber attacks against American citi-zens and entities and against our allies. In summary, the Crapo-Brown- Corker amendment does the following things: It escalates and expands the current sanctions regime against Rus-sia, it creates new sanctions against Russia, it engages Congress at a higher level than before by providing a mecha-nism for Congress to vote before lifting any sanctions on Russia, and it in-creases the Treasury Department’s ability to track illicit finance, includ-ing illicit flows linked to Russia. The amendment will result in some very powerful and new sanctions. Amendment No. 232 includes Congres-sional Review Act language to ensure Congress exerts proper oversight over the use of these powerful sanctions. It also requires the creation of a national strategy for combating the financing of terrorism and related forms of illicit fi-nance. This strategy ensures that the United States pursues a coordinated and effective fight against illicit fi-nance at all levels of the Russian Gov-ernment. As we move forward with this amend-ment, we must engage all of our allies and our trading partners. It is impor-tant that we work together to mini-mize collateral damage and unintended consequences. This is a strong bipartisan measure that, in important respects, represents the next step forward. Even though unilateral actions are not the best op-tion, America must lead on the issue now and encourage others to follow. The times call for clarity of purpose and a correct amount of pressure. We have that in this amendment. Again, thank you to Senators CORKER , BROWN , and C ARDIN for your hard work and support, and all of the other Senators I have mentioned. Thank you to our cosponsors, and espe-cially to Leader M
CCONNELL and Demo-cratic Leader S
CHUMER for all of your help and your support. I look forward to passing this measure in short order. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, in a few minutes, we will vote on an amend-ment that consists of a package of Rus-sia sanctions. I would like to endorse the amendment in the strongest pos-sible terms and hope we can get all of our colleagues to vote for it. It was negotiated by a bipartisan group of Senators who did a great job: Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN , CRAPO  and B
ROWN , with a great deal of help from Senators S
HAHEEN , D URBIN , M
ENENDEZ . Leader M CCONNELL and I worked extremely well on this issue to-gether, which I hope portends future things we can do together in a bipar-tisan way. This amendment is as bipar-tisan as it gets, and rightly so because this is an issue that should unite Mem-bers of both parties and concern Ameri-cans of all political stripes. Over the past several years, Presi-dent Putin and his allies and the Rus-sian oligarchy have committed several sanctionable offenses. President Putin has violated the sovereignty of its neighbor, Ukraine, by annexing Cri-mea. He is guilty of human rights abuses, including propping up the bru-tal Assad regime in Syria, and stifling political dissent and the human rights of his own people. In Mr. Putin’s Rus-sia, elections are neither fair nor free. The media is controlled by the state, and the political opposition is hardly tolerated. This is a regime that has routinely flouted international norms and agree-ments; that severely and brutishly pur-sues its own self-interest without re-gard to legitimate rights of other na-tions and peoples. For that, the U.S. Congress passed a series of economic sanctions to squeeze Putin and his al-lies and show them that the United States strongly condemns these ac-tions, and that was before Russia con-ducted a high-level campaign to inter-fere in the American election. The Russia sanctions legislation we are about to vote on would address these two critical issues. By codifying existing sanctions and creating a proc-ess for congressional review of any de-cision to weaken or lift them, we are ensuring that the United States con-tinues to punish Putin for his reckless and destabilizing actions. It is particu-larly significant that a bipartisan coa-lition is seeking to reestablish Con-gress, not the President, as the final arbiter of sanctions relief, considering that this administration has been too eager—far too eager in my mind—to put sanctions relief on the table. These additional sanctions will send a power-ful bipartisan statement that Russia and any other nation that might try to interfere with our elections will be punished. There is no process more sacred in our democracy than the guarantee of free and fair elections, no principle more enshrined in our system of gov-ernment than the people participating in our noble democratic experiment at the ballot box. That bedrock principle, the fundamental right was attacked by Mr. Putin. If we did nothing—or we re-duce sanctions, as the President some-times has talked about—we would eat at the wellspring of our democracy. Foreign powers influencing whom we elect is something the Founding Fa-thers feared, and we are doing every-thing we can in this body to try and stop. With the upcoming vote, the U.S. Senate is saying to President Putin: You will be held accountable for your actions. Foreign interference in our de-mocracy has been a concern since the founding of the Republic. It is the ori-gin of the emoluments clause in the Constitution. In Federalist 68, Alex-ander Hamilton writes that ‘‘these most deadly adversaries of the repub-lican government [come] chiefly from the desire in foreign powers to gain im-proper ascendant in our councils.’’ Every ‘‘practical obstacle,’’ Hamilton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.021 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3474 June 14, 2017 
said, ‘‘should be opposed to [such] cabal, intrigue, and corruption.’’ We cannot let Russia’s meddling in our elections go unpunished, lest they ever consider such interference again, nor any other nation in the world. They must know that if any future at-tempts are made to degrade our democ-racy, the retribution of the U.S. Con-gress will be sure and will be swift. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amend-ment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 232, as modified, offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL . The yeas and nays have previously been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOL-
LEN) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 97, nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 144 Leg.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—2 
Lee Paul 
NOT VOTING—1 
Van Hollen 
The amendment (No. 232), as modi-fied, was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 240 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 240. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. C ORKER ], for Mr. G
RAHAM , proposes an amendment numbered 240. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: (Purpose: To reaffirm the strategic impor-tance of Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty to the member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and its con-tribution to maintaining stability throughout the world) At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 13. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE STRATEGIC IMPORTANCE OF ARTICLE 5 OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The principle of collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) is immortalized in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty in which members pledge that ‘‘an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all’’. (2) For almost 7 decades, the principle of collective defense has effectively served as a strategic deterrent for the member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and provided stability throughout the world, strengthening the security of the United States and all 28 other member nations. (3) Following the September 11, 2001, ter-rorist attacks in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania, the Alliance agreed to invoke Article 5 for the first time, affirming its commitment to collective defense. (4) Countries that are members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization have made historic contributions and sacrifices while combating terrorism in Afghanistan through the International Security Assist-ance Force and the Resolute Support Mis-sion. (5) The recent attacks in the United King-dom underscore the importance of an inter-national alliance to combat hostile nation states and terrorist groups. (6) At the 2014 NATO summit in Wales, the member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization decided that all coun-tries that are members of NATO would spend an amount equal to 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. (7) Collective defense unites the 29 mem-bers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, each committing to protecting and sup-porting one another from external adver-saries, which bolsters the North Atlantic Al-liance. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate— (1) to express the vital importance of Arti-cle 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, the char-ter of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, as it continues to serve as a critical de-terrent to potential hostile nations and ter-rorist organizations; (2) to remember the first and only invoca-tion of Article 5 by the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization in support of the United States after the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001; (3) to affirm that the United States re-mains fully committed to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and will honor its obli-gations enshrined in Article 5; and (4) to condemn any threat to the sov-ereignty, territorial integrity, freedom, or democracy of any country that is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to express my deepest sympathy for the victims of this morning’s shooting, in-cluding for my good friend, Representa-tive S
TEVE SCALISE . I pray that he, the congressional staff, and police officers who were injured in this horrific event can recover quickly. Today is not a day to reflect on our differences but on our common com-mitment to upholding the Constitution and doing the work of the American people. This Chamber is often divided on matters of policy, but in the face of tragedy, we are united as one. Today, we are together, and together we recog-nize the local law enforcement officials who responded quickly and profes-sionally to this morning’s attack. Each and every day, police officers across this great Nation risk their own well-being to ensure the safety of oth-ers, and they do so with little fanfare or recognition. In light of today’s events, I recognize, in particular, the special sacrifice of our U.S. Capitol po-lice officers—the selfless men and women—who, each and every day, as-sume significant risk to keep all of us safe. I shudder to think of what may have happened this morning had it not been for the quick action taken by Rep-resentative S
CALISE ’s security detail. These courageous special agents re-turned fire to apprehend the perpe-trator of this senseless and appalling act of violence. Through their heroic actions, they prevented a massacre and saved the lives of dozens of elected Members of Congress and congressional staff. Today I wish to pay special trib-ute to these humble heroes. As far as I am concerned, our Capitol Police officers are the finest profes-sionals this Nation has to offer. We wave to them each morning as we walk in to work, we say goodbye to them each night as we leave, and we interact with them each day. Yet how often do we thank them for their service? How often do we reflect on the weight of their work? How often do we recognize them for their sacrifices? In my opin-ion, not often enough. Because these police officers are such a common pres-ence here on Capitol Hill, I worry that all too often we take them for granted, but we should never take for granted the men and women who would will-ingly give up their lives to protect ours. This morning’s attack reminds us all of the thin line between peace and vio-lence, and our Capitol police officers are the first to respond when that line is crossed. Today and every day, these selfless men and women deserve our heartfelt thanks and appreciation. In paying tribute to our Capitol Po-lice, I would be remiss if I were to fail to recognize the 23 members of my own 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.023 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3475 June 14, 2017 
security detail who work around the clock to keep Elaine and me safe. These men and women are like family to me. Over the past 2
1⁄2years, I have built a special bond with each of them. Today I would like to recognize each of them individually: Supervisory Special Agent David Rib, who leads the detail with assistance from team leaders Jason Marcello and Shane Powell; in addition, Special Agents Eric Boggs, John Britto, Jac-queline French, Eric Holzer, Eric Love, Paul Martin, Ronald Munar, Benjamin Odell, Richard Philius, Luis Pimentel, Ryan Rayball, Austin Reinshuttle, Henry Smith, John Whittle, Micah Harrison, Muhammed Khan, Gideon Maran, Arnold Pierre, Robert Schultz, and Charles Snead. In all of my years of public service, these are among the most honorable men and women I have ever worked with. ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ The fact that these special agents are willing to put their lives on the line to protect all of us speaks to their self-lessness, their bravery, and their love of this institution and of country. Elaine and I love each of these special agents deeply, and we love their fami-lies too. In these photos, you can see one of the team leaders, Jason, hard at work. Jason hates this photo, which is why I blew it up for national TV. The other photo is of the trip I took to all five of Utah’s national parks last year. During this trip, my security detail was with me every step of the way. These men and women never leave my side. Today I wish to thank them with all of my heart for their service and their sacrifice. These are really great people, and we have enjoyed being together. At least, I have enjoyed being with them. I will put it that way. As Members of Congress, we stand united in the aftermath of today’s at-tack. Thanks to our brave Capitol Po-lice officers, we also stand protected from those who would do us harm. Be-cause of them, we can confidently carry on the work of the American peo-ple. These are really great human beings—men and women—who literally sacrifice a lot to serve us, back us up, strengthen us, and help us in times of need. They are people whom I really, really admire. All I can say is, I admire those who stood up this morning for Congressman S
CALISE and the others who were there and especially for those who were wounded. This is a wonderful institution, and we have wonderful people working with us—heroic people, people who care for this body, people who care for our country, people who care for us. I think we ought to all thank God every day that we have these good people around us and that we ought to all take the time to be kind to them, to show them how much we care, and to show them the friendship we truly have for them. I am grateful that I know a number of these people—quite a number. I am grateful for them and for what they do for all of us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, let me join my friend, the senior Senator from Utah and President pro tempore of the Senate, in his remarks about the U.S. Capitol Police. All of us who work on Capitol Hill, all of our visitors who come here—our constituents from around the coun-try—are in their debt because they lit-erally do keep us safe and secure here on Capitol Hill. I do think the events this morning give rise to some addi-tional concerns of what happens off the Hill, when ordinarily there might not be the sort of security measures in place that are necessary. I think this is another wake-up call to all of us to be vigilant, to be aware of our situations, and to exercise con-cern for our own safety. Of course, we do need to continue to look at what the needs are of the Capitol Police, in terms of training and equipment and staffing, to make sure they can con-tinue to do the outstanding job they have done here, yet again, this morn-ing. It is safe to say that without the Cap-itol Police being present, as a result of Congressman SCALISE ’s location there at the Congressional Baseball Game practice, the results of this might have been much more serious—much more tragic—than they already were. Of course, we are continuing to keep Congressman S
CALISE in our prayers. I was looking at the TV screen on the way out. It looks like he is out of sur-gery but is still in critical condition. Of course, we continue to think about him and his family and offer them our support and our prayers. While there is a lot we do not know about this morning’s incident, it is clear that this is a new environment we are living in, and we need to do ev-erything we can to keep our constitu-ents safe when they visit us on Capitol Hill as well as to keep safe all of the staff and everybody involved. Mr. President, at a time when people do not believe anything bipartisan hap-pens here in Washington, DC, I know we have seen a remarkable vote on these Iran-Russia sanctions with the vote of 97 to 2. Virtually every Repub-lican Senator and virtually every Democratic Senator voted in favor of these sanctions which target two of the most aggressive regimes in the world. The first is the Iranian regime, the No. 1 state sponsor of international terrorism. The second is the Russian regime, which, as we all know now, was so aggressively involved in trying to sow discord and chaos in the days lead-ing up to the 2016 election. It is staggering, really, to see the ex-tent to which Russia has raised its game when it comes to disrupting core, democratic undertakings like elec-tions. We know they are doing that in the United States, and we know they have attempted to do that in France. This is the way they operate. This is part of their tradecraft. Through a combination of cyber espionage, propa-ganda, the use of social media, and then unfortunately sometimes too gul-lible a mainstream media, we know false stories have somehow been ele-vated to a level at which people actu-ally begin to believe them and cause them to distrust their own govern-ment. This is a real threat to the United States and to our democratic institutions. The talk of the Russian collusion that led up to the election is fading be-cause, as so many people have said, in-cluding distinguished Democratic lead-ers like Senator FEINSTEIN , who served with distinction as chair of the Intel-ligence Committee and who serves on the Judiciary Committee and Intel-ligence Committee now, there is no evidence of there having been collusion in the election. What we need to turn to now is how we can countermeasure what Russia tried to do when it came to the so-called active measures, which was a combination of cyber espionage, the use of social media, and propa-ganda right here in our homeland. We are a country that believes in freedom of speech and the First Amendment, and sometimes that makes us more vulnerable than per-haps others who have state-owned media because we let anybody who has a point of view express it freely. That is part of our DNA. It also means that aggressive, hostile regimes like Russia can take advantage of our open society and our freedoms to try to sow discord and distrust in our own country. I hope, now that the allegations about collusion are fading, we will take a serious look at how to respond appro-priately with countermeasures to this sort of aggressive action on the part of Russia. I am really pleased that with a vote of 97 to 2, we have voted to impose sanctions on the rogue nation of Iran and the rogue nation of Russia. 
PROTECT OUR CHILDREN ACT  
Mr. President, in turning to another topic, earlier this year, with the Sen-ator from Connecticut and the Senator from Nevada—Senator B
LUMENTHAL  and Senator H
ELLER —I introduced a bill that was called the PROTECT Our Children Act. I am proud to see it is moving through the Senate this week. This is an important piece of legisla-tion that most people will not hear or read much about because it is not par-ticularly controversial, but that does not mean it is not important, which is why I want to talk about it briefly. This bill helps to stop the exploitation of children across the country and over the internet by reauthorizing the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program. Years ago, when I was attorney gen-eral of Texas—from 1999 until the time I came to the Senate—we created in the Texas attorney general’s office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.026 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3476 June 14, 2017 
something we called, quaintly, the Texas Internet Bureau, which was cut-ting edge for the time. Now it is more of a cyber crimes unit that deals with, frankly, a lot of the same subject mat-ter—child exploitation, child pornog-raphy, and other crimes—which are committed using the medium of the internet. I had a chance to see, sadly, how vulnerable children can quickly become victimized at the hands of some truly despicable individuals as well as the resources it takes to stop and to prosecute these predators. One of the things we did at the Texas Internet Bureau back in the 1999 to 2000 timeframe was to link up, of course, with local law enforcement officials, but what we learned is that every mu-nicipal police department or county sheriff’s department has the kind of ex-pertise and has the sort of equipment they need in order to combat this new type of crime. Through a national network of 61 co-ordinated task forces that represent 3,500 Federal, State, and local law en-forcement agencies, we have now been able to comprehensively investigate and prosecute child predators. These task forces develop victim support pro-grams, and they provide training and technical assistance and advanced fo-rensic methods, which are very impor-tant when trying to track the online fingerprints or footsteps of these preda-tors who operate online. Through this legislation, these task forces will also help continue to facili-tate community education, for exam-ple, by helping to inform parents and legal guardians what they can do to help protect their own children or the people for whom they are responsible. Tragically, in this day and age, the internet’s vast scope provides a dark, deep harbor for predators. Without the proper training and equipment, it can be difficult for our law enforcement of-ficials to track down these child preda-tors. This legislation ensures that they will have the resources they need to fight cyber crime and keep our commu-nities safe by reauthorizing these im-portant programs until the year 2022. Last week’s passage through the Ju-diciary Committee was the first key step. I am thankful for the work of my colleague from Connecticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , and one of our principal cosponsors, Senator H
ELLER from Ne-vada. I am hopeful we can keep moving forward with this legislation so we can get these essential programs reauthor-ized by passing this in the Senate and then moving it on through the House and swiftly to the President’s desk for signature and enactment. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. 
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today we are shaken and encouraged. My prayers remain with my friend S
TEVE SCALISE  and his family; as well as with Zach Barth, the congressional staffer; Matt Mika, who was volunteering at the baseball field; and the two brave police officers, Crystal Griner and David Bai-ley. I have played on the Republican base-ball team. I have practiced on that field. I am sure that no one woke up this morning imagining this tragedy was possible, not a single player who woke up this morning and who wanted to make sure they invested their time and their energy in such a way to help nonprofits around the area benefit from drawing a crowd together to watch Republicans and Democrats play baseball for the express and specific benefit of helping those who cannot help themselves. I am also encouraged today. I am en-couraged specifically by law enforce-ment and, more specifically, the Cap-itol Police who, because of their swift action, saved lives this morning at the baseball field. Thank you to the men and women who put on the uniform to keep others safe and, as we can tell by the injuries of Crystal and David, put themselves in harm’s way. I am also encouraged that in the midst of this crisis, we have seen our country come together. We have seen this body come together. At noon today, we had a prayer vigil led by Sen-ator COONS , a Democrat, and Senator L
ANKFORD , a Republican. We are no longer in the midst of a crisis—Black Americans and White Americans or lib-eral Americans or conservative Ameri-cans, Republicans or Democrats. We are not even swayed by the current en-vironment of sensationalism. No, sir. We are simply Americans, blessed by God to be a part of the American fam-ily. The polarization that pulls on the fabric of this great country is very, very dangerous. Too often, we find our-selves splitting into smaller factions. We stop listening to others’ points of view. We react immediately with hos-tility, doubting the very intentions of folks who do not agree with our per-spective. This is very dangerous for our future. We seem to have forgotten how to disagree without being disagreeable, and today’s shooting is one of the manifestations of that. This weekend marks 2 years since the massacre at Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston, SC—my home—where a racist who wanted to start a race war decided that he could take advantage of the cracks in our foundation, that he could drive to Charleston, SC, and take advantage of those cracks. But the families of the victims, understanding and appreciating the notion of Mat-thew 5:44—loving those who seem to be our enemies—did not allow their grief and their anger to overpower their senses. They believed in the power of love. They believed that love is more powerful than hate. They believed in each other. And because of their con-viction, my city and my State stood together, Black South Carolinians and White South Carolinians, and said to the world: Not in my place, not in my city, not in my State, and not in my houses of worship. We stood together. We did not allow this spirit of oppres-sion and division to separate us. We al-lowed the power of love to unite us. So whether it is race or politics, whether it is gender or any other num-ber of ways that we could be divided, we have to—I implore all of us—re-member that we are first Americans. As I think back to the funerals, to the vigils, I think of my good friend from Hawaii. She is not a Christian; she is of another faith. She is not a Re-publican; she is a Democrat. But she flew down to South Carolina only a couple of days after the massacre be-cause two of her friends—myself and TREY GOWDY —were attending the fu-nerals, attending the first major events. She wanted to worship with us. She wanted to be there with us. This is a classic example of when and how our Nation pulls together, setting aside our differences. We must work together, ensuring op-portunity for all, not profiting from the division in this Nation, not looking for ways to get more clicks on our pages. And why is that? It is simple— because America is stronger than this. America is better than this. We are the American family, and we must let love be the light to show us the way. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I have some remarks to make with respect to healthcare that I will offer in a mo-ment. First, I want to address the events of this morning. The shooting that took place in Alexandria today was a hor-rendous, despicable act of violence. The victims—including Congressman S
CA-
LISE, two Capitol police officers, and two others—are still undergoing treat-ment. There is much that is still not known about what happened. There are a few things that are known. First, it is thanks to the ex-traordinary heroics of the Capitol Po-lice and first responders on the scene that this shooting did not become a massacre. Each and every one of us who comes to work in these buildings every day is profoundly grateful for our Capitol Police, our first responders, and the incredible service and protec-tion they provide. Second, I think all of us know that this violence has visited too many of our communities. It has cost and ru-ined too many lives. Finally, we know that the game our colleagues were practicing for—a char-ity game between rival parties that is held to benefit disadvantaged kids—is going to go on as planned. The game is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.027 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3477 June 14, 2017 
a show of friendship. It is a show of bi-partisanship. It is an indication that, as there are strong differences of opin-ion on the policies that we debate on the floor of the Senate, we still come together at urgent times like this. The game, which shows our commitment to friendship and bipartisanship, has never been needed more than it will be tomorrow. Our thoughts are now with those who are injured. It seems that everyone you run into at the Capitol has said they are praying and they are rooting for a full and speedy recovery. It is one of those moments when people under-stand that there is legislation here— their bills, their amendments. Some-times there is a lot of process—an amendment to the amendment to the amendment, as my wife calls it. Then there are other times like this morn-ing, which are life and death. As we reflect on those who did so much to keep it from being even worse—a massacre—we have our pray-ers for those who are injured. Once again, it puts into perspective what is so very important. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, to the topic at hand, there have, obviously, been dramatic headlines in the news pertaining to ties of the President with Russia. I want to be sure that what is happening here in the Senate with respect to healthcare doesn’t get drowned out. The fact is that here in the Senate, behind closed doors, 13 Senators—all from the same party, all of them men— are updating the Republican healthcare plan. The House passed its TrumpCare bill by the slimmest of margins just a few weeks ago. The public has seen it, and, based on everything I can tell, it has gone over about as well as a prolonged root canal surgery. I have heard about every imaginable concern about that House bill from Oregonians. I have had 46 townhall meetings thus far this year, including 4 over this past weekend. When the bill came to the Senate, my colleagues on the other side got out in the press, tamped down expectations, and claimed that everything would be starting over. They are starting from scratch. Now the public knows, because it is what Members of the majority party have said, that the Senate version isn’t going to be all that dif-ferent from what barely made it from the House this spring. When the bill is finalized, we know it is going to be rushed to the floor, and it will not be long before debate is cut off and final votes are cast. It is a plan that relies on speed, forcing a dev-astating blow to American healthcare through the Senate before our citizens can actually catch on to what is hap-pening. This political process on this bill makes what the House has been up to look positively transparent. The basic framework of the Republican healthcare plan isn’t going to change. Millions and millions of Americans will lose their health coverage. It is not my view. It is the view of the independent Congressional Budget Office. Costs are going to go up, especially for those who are elderly and sicker, and those who are the fortunate few are going to get an enormous tax break. The basic framework isn’t changing, and what that means is that the social safety net—led by Medicaid, which is a lifeline for kids and seniors and the dis-abled—is going to be under attack. The public health system in America has stood on two twin pillars since 1965. Those pillars are Medicare and Med-icaid. The Republican majority has a plan to knock one of them out begin-ning this year. Today, Medicaid comes with a guar-antee that if you are sick, if you are in-jured or if you spend every day walking an economic tightrope, you are going to be able to get care when you need it. You will not be denied benefits. But TrumpCare ends that guarantee. The plan Republicans have on offer would dismantle Medicaid as it is known today, putting hard dollar lim-its on the program. That puts caps on care. That is what it means—that there will be caps on care. It is a scheme that puts Medicaid in a vise, squeezing its funding year after year fix. The plan makes budget targets a bigger priority than real-world healthcare needs for some of the most vulnerable people in our country. Seventy-four million Americans have health coverage through Medicaid. That includes 37 million children. It provides comprehensive care to mil-lions of pregnant women. It is a leader in the fight against the opioid epi-demic, and there is treatment for those who are dealing with mental health and substance abuse disorders. Medicaid is a lifeline when it comes to helping kids and adults with disabil-ities. Then there is the nursing home benefit, something I know from my years as codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers. This is a benefit that is a bedrock protection, built into Medicaid to help pick up the tab for two out of three nursing home beds in America. If you roll that benefit back, I don’t see how seniors across this country are going to avoid living in squalor. Maybe their kids can take them in, but the kids of the parents I am talking about have told me they are working on an economic tightrope, trying to balance food against the fuel cost, the fuel cost against the rent cost. So my guess is, if you squeeze the Medicaid Program tighter and tighter and States are forced to cut benefits and access to care, as will be inevitable under TrumpCare, I just don’t see where you can ensure that seniors in nursing homes are going to be pro-tected. My own view—and this goes back to the days when I worked with seniors— the challenges with older people have evolved over the years. Back then, you had Part A. That was hospitals. Part B was doctors. That is not Medicare any more. Today, more than 90 percent of the spending deals with chronic ill-ness—cancer, diabetes, heart disease, strokes. It is a very different program, but we are still going to need nursing home care for so many of our older peo-ple who have done everything right in life. They are our mothers, our fathers, our grandparents, our friends. They fought our wars. They started families. They built careers. They raised kids. They scrimped. They saved. They never went on that special vacation. They never bought the boat they would have loved to have, and they did it because they always wanted to pay for essen-tials and see if maybe they could set aside what they could for schooling for their kids and retirement for them-selves. But, as I have said, what I have seen over the years since those Gray Pan-ther days is that growing old in Amer-ica just keeps getting more expensive for so many older people. The bills don’t stop coming when you retire. And most older people still live on a lim-ited, fixed income. I saw that with my full-time work at the legal aid office for older people and the Gray Panthers, and I saw those seniors having to stretch every last penny, and even then, it was a struggle to cover the ba-sics. So what happens—and I am afraid we are going to see a lot more of it—is seniors eventually spend down their savings. When they face challenges, they spend down their funds. Today, when it comes time to pay for long-term care like nursing homes and home-based care, Medicaid steps up. It is the backstop, a guaranteed backstop to protect our senior citizens. I don’t want to undersell how much that means to people in my State and across the land. Medicaid is the barrier that keeps millions of seniors from falling into isolation and utter destitution. There was a time in our country when seniors were cast aside. They were sent to poor farms, what were called almshouses. The wealthiest Na-tion on Earth said goodbye to those poor farms with the creation of Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Under the Republican healthcare plan, unfortunately, Medicaid would be slashed so deeply, States are going to be forced into cutting benefits. Seniors could be nickel-and-dimed for basic ev-eryday services. Nursing homes could be shuttered. Home-based care that al-lows seniors to live independently could be no more. I think you are going to have lots of seniors living in squal-or, and some could be out on the street. So in my view, the people of our country are owed answers to key ques-tions about this Republican plan. First, how are families supposed to support their loved ones if they lose the guarantee of Medicaid? One year in a nursing home costs more than $90,000 on average. That is two or three times the cost of a year of college tuition. Are families going to be forced into choosing between edu-cating their kids and supporting their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.029 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3478 June 14, 2017 
elderly parents? Is it going to be a fact of life for working Americans that they have to cram two or three or four gen-erations of one family into the same house simply because they can’t afford nursing home care? Second, what is the backup plan for vulnerable, isolated seniors, particu-larly those who live in rural areas? I recently held a series of eight healthcare roundtables in rural com-munities across Oregon just over the last few days, in Pendleton and Condon. The message I heard from healthcare providers again this past weekend throughout rural Oregon was that TrumpCare cuts could hit seniors in rural America especially hard. Seniors in rural communities have higher rates of chronic illness, like heart disease and diabetes. The healthcare they need requires more at-tention and more services. They count on getting top-notch care in nursing homes and from home-based providers. Losing these benefits could mean being alone in a home that is unsafe, cut off from the care and the connections they need. Colleagues, in the last few weeks of this debate, I heard Members flatly deny that gutting Medicaid by more than $800 billion will mean anybody loses access to healthcare services. That is just untrue. Anybody who says that they can slash our healthcare pro-grams by close to $1 trillion without having a negative impact on access to healthcare services is just plain wrong. Furthermore, I think it is time to recognize what the end goal of this de-bate appears to be. My Republican col-leagues haven’t put forward a proposal to protect seniors who can’t get the Medicaid nursing home care they need or kids with disabilities who lose the services they depend on. What Repub-licans have on offer is not a plan that swaps one vision of healthcare for an-other. These massive cuts to Medicaid and other health programs are going to pay for equally massive tax breaks for the fortunate few. Members of this body are going to have to decide whether it is worth gutting Medicaid and endan-gering essential care, like nursing home care and important home-based services, to pay for these big tax breaks for the fortunate. In my view, it should be an easy choice. My colleagues on the other side ought to drop this partisan approach— what is called reconciliation—that it seems the Senate is headed toward. At a minimum, the majority party ought to bring this process out from behind closed doors and give it a little bit of sunlight. There ought to be hearings convened in the Finance Committee and the other committees of jurisdic-tion, as there were again and again in 2008 and 2009. When you are talking about one- sixth of the American economy and what is the premier issue and always will be, which is people and their loved ones having their health, I don’t see how you make an argument for not having a debate out in the open. There has to be a public debate. The legisla-tion ought to be written in the light of day, and then our people ought to have ample time to review it before it goes up for a single vote, either in com-mittee or here on the floor. I am going to close with something that I think about especially today— the big challenges of our time. You have to deal with them in a bipartisan fashion in order to, one, get them right, and two, make them sustainable. The Presiding Officer of the Senate knows this. He and I spent many months working on key economic issues and recently put together a bi-partisan bill on infrastructure. Healthcare is particularly important because when you are talking about providing care for over 300 million Americans, you have to really think through what the consequences are. Often, when you take a step over here, it ripples over there. That is why it seems to me that it is so important that the Republican majority set aside this partisan ‘‘our way or the highway’’ approach and get back to working to-gether to find common ground. I had a piece of legislation when we were debating healthcare in 2008 and 2009—eight Democratic Senators and eight Republican Senators. That was the first time in the history of this body that we had that. There are Re-publicans and Democrats who continue to serve in this body who are cospon-sors of that legislation. It is called the Healthy Americans Act. We got some of what we thought was important into the Affordable Care Act—in particular, a provision that I think the American people really want to think about in the days ahead, and that is, in our bill with the 16 Senators, we had airtight, loophole-free protec-tion for those with preexisting condi-tions. There wasn’t any way to hit them with extra costs or discriminate against them because they had a pre-existing condition. We said that we wouldn’t stand for that because if you allow discrimination against those with preexisting conditions, you take America back to the days when healthcare was for the healthy and wealthy. If you are healthy, you don’t have a preexisting condition, and if you are wealthy, you can pay for care. We can’t go back there. But the House bill basically allows States to get waivers so they can start unraveling that and punch big holes into that guarantee of airtight protection for those with pre-existing conditions. If the majority will set aside this partisan-only, ‘‘we are doing it our way’’ kind of approach, what you heard from colleagues on my side is that there is very significant interest in working together to deal with the key challenges. One of them, obviously, is more competition in the insurance markets, particularly as it relates to individual insurance. You do that, and you will take the insurers off this roll-er coaster so they have some certainty and predictability. You can stabilize the private insurance market. We ought to work together on bring-ing down prescription drug prices. Our people tell us every time we are home that these prescription drug price in-creases are hitting them like a wreck-ing ball. I have introduced approaches that I think can get bipartisan support, and there are others who have as well. But that is how to do it right. That is how you find common ground: You take time to take each other’s good ideas. Bipartisanship isn’t about taking each other’s lousy ideas. Bipartisan-ship is about taking each other’s good ideas, and there are good ideas on both sides of the aisle to stabilize the pri-vate insurance market, to hold down prescription drug prices. But this idea of reconciliation, where we are all just going to do it our way—that is the Re-publican approach, the partisan ap-proach, and featured in that approach are devastating cuts to Medicaid. That is a nonstarter. So I come to the floor this afternoon, particularly given years of interest in trying to find bipartisan common ground on healthcare, to urge my col-leagues to abandon this approach that is being pursued behind closed doors, that nobody knows anything about, and that really seems unprecedented in terms of dealing with one-sixth of the economy. I urge my colleagues to aban-don the partisan approach of reconcili-ation and work with colleagues on this side on a bipartisan basis. I will close simply by way of saying that I wanted to come to the floor today, and I will try to be back tomor-row to outline other challenges ahead in healthcare. I urge the American peo-ple across this country, in every corner of our Nation, to make their voices heard. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am here today to urge support for the act that counters Iran’s devastating and desta-bilizing activities. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the bill. This bill would expand sanctions on individuals who are contributing to Iran’s ballistic mis-sile program, supporting international terrorism, or violating the arms em-bargo against Iran. Iran is one of the key principal state sponsors of terrorism in the world. In fact, the Obama administration said it was the No. 1 sponsor of state ter-rorism in the world. It is a desta-bilizing force for its neighbors, and it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.030 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3479 June 14, 2017 
a destabilizing force for a more peace-ful world. The Iranians provide finan-cial and material support to groups such as Hamas, Hezbollah, militias in Iraq, and a host of other terrorist groups. They have threatened to wipe out our closest ally in the Middle East, Israel. They said they would wipe them ‘‘off the map.’’ They continue to vio-late international restrictions by ad-vancing their ballistic missile pro-gram. Former Director of National Intel-ligence James Clapper, when he testi-fied in front of the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee in February of 2016, said: ‘‘Iran’s ballistic missiles are in-herently capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction, and Tehran al-ready has the largest inventory of bal-listic missiles in the Middle East.’’ By one estimate, Iran may have con-ducted as many as 14 missile tests since the Obama administration’s nu-clear agreement, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, went into effect. Apparently, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action meant that Iran could take any action it wanted, if you look at what Iran is doing today. They have violated mul-tiple legally binding arms embargoes established by the U.N. Security Coun-cil. On a trip to Saudi Arabia in April, Defense Secretary James Mattis noted that Iran continues to violate multiple arms embargoes, saying: ‘‘We see Ira-nian-supplied missiles being fired by the Houthis into Saudi Arabia.’’ I think that, at one point, Secretary Mattis said that anywhere you look in the disrupted Middle East, Iran is there. This action and others directly violate what Iran agreed not to do when they agreed to the behavior that they said would be their future behav-ior. As to their ongoing support of inter-national terrorist organizations, the Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, testified in front of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in an open hearing on May 11, 2017. Just to double down on what his predecessor said, Director Coats said: ‘‘Iran con-tinues to be the foremost state sponsor of terrorism.’’ If Iran is the principal state sponsor of terrorism—the foremost sponsor of state terrorism—certainly, we should take some action. This bill does that. Whether it is action supporting the rebels in Yemen or the brutal dictator Bashar al-Assad in Syria, Iran is clear-ly there and clearly a force for bad, not good. The legislation the Senate is consid-ering this week would go a long way toward holding Iran accountable. The Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activi-ties Act codifies sanctions that are di-rected at all three categories of illicit activities and behavior that we should condemn from Iran—ballistic missile tests, arms embargo violations, and support of terrorism, as well as Iran’s own systemic abuse of human rights in its own country. There is no way to criticize that government without fear of abuse or worse. Specifically, the bill directs the President to impose sanctions on any person who knowingly engages in any activity that materially contributes to the Iranian ballistic missile program activities or to any other program for which a system to deliver weapons of mass destruction is involved or any person who contributes to the transfer of certain arms to or from Iran. The bill also directs the Secretary of State to submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a list of people the State Department has determined to be responsible for gross human rights vio-lations against individuals who seek to promote human rights. The bill further provides that the President may block any property these human rights abus-ers have in the United States. This measure also addresses Iran’s continued support for terrorism. Exec-utive order 13224, issued soon after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, sanctions enti-ties determined to be supporting inter-national terrorism. Let me remind the Presiding Officer that the last two Directors of National Intelligence have both said that the No. 1 supporter of international ter-rorism is Iran. Several Iran-related en-tities have already been sanctioned under that order, but not, surprisingly, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. This bill makes a finding that that corps is responsible for supporting terrorism and requires that the sanc-tions of the Executive order that I mentioned be applied. This bill does not violate the nuclear agreement with Iran. As the Obama ad-ministration said repeatedly, the nu-clear agreement was about providing Iran ‘‘relief from nuclear-related sanc-tions.’’ I may come back to that later, but this nuclear agreement does not re-quire the United States to look the other way as Iran continues to violate international norms on ballistic mis-sile testing and violates the arms em-bargo. Let me also say that the Iran nuclear agreement was just an agreement be-tween the leaders of the two govern-ments. It isn’t a treaty. The President never tried to defend it as a treaty. The Congress didn’t approve it as a treaty. It is no more of a binding treaty than anything else that the President on his own would decide they would enter into, hoping that the next President would also agree with their decision. Secretary of State John Kerry, in the final days of his service as Secretary of State said: ‘‘We still have serious dif-ferences with the Government of Iran, and will continue to push back on its support of terrorism, disregard for human rights, and destabilizing re-gional activities.’’ This bill delivers the pushback that Secretary of State John Kerry called for. Despite the hopes that the previous administration had for moderation—re-member that debate about how, once we entered into this agreement, it would strengthen the forces of modera-tion in Iran?—Iran has increased its de-structive activities since the 2015 Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Strengthening sanctions on Iran is an appropriate response in Iran’s contin-ued aggression. Again, because these sanctions are directed only at actions outside of the nuclear sphere, the legis-lation in no way violates the letter or spirit of that agreement. The Iran sanctions regime is the best tool we have to hold Iran accountable and one that we should continue to keep at the forefront of our policy. In April, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent to Congress, as required by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, the latest certification that Iran is implementing the nuclear agree-ment. In his message, Secretary Tillerson pointed out that ‘‘Iran re-mains a leading state sponsor of ter-ror.’’ How could we ever have put a leading state sponsor of terror on a path to having a nuclear weapon? All the things we are concerned about in North Korea we have guaranteed in Iran, un-less some future President—President Trump or some future President—de-cides that this is not the direction in which we can continue. Secretary Tillerson also said that President Trump has ordered an inter-agency review to evaluate whether sus-pension of sanctions related to Iran, pursuant to the JCPOA agreement, is vital to the national security interests of the United States. He concluded by saying that, when this review is complete, ‘‘the adminis-tration looks forward to working with Congress on this issue.’’ This is a positive step. That review need not constrain the use of sanctions to hold Iran accountable for its other bad behavior. I would just like to remind everyone that under President Obama’s nuclear agreement, Iran has already gained ac-cess to more than $100 billion in sanc-tions relief, some of which is likely to be fueled to terrorists aligned with Iran. Remember the delivery of cash to Iran and where our government said that some of that cash would likely go—what an outrageous thing for us to be a part of. The No. 1 sponsor of terrorism in the world deserves to be sanctioned. Indi-viduals who are part of those activities deserve to be specifically sanctioned. This bill will do that. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill and the amendment that was voted on today, and look forward to that action being taken later this week. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it has been more than 6 months since a major foreign adversary undertook a cyber act of war against our election. The Russian attack sought to under-mine faith in our democratic system and favor one candidate over another— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.032 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3480 June 14, 2017 
in this case, one seen as more favorable to the Kremlin’s interests. This was truly a historic event—one that requires a response of equal mag-nitude—not only to deter any such at-tacks on our future elections and those of our Western allies, but to make sure our election infrastructure is secure from any future cyber threats. Unfortunately, President Trump has refused to even acknowledge the Rus-sian act of cyber war and the Repub-lican-controlled Congress has similarly refused to act to retaliate against Rus-sia or strengthen our cyber defenses. All the while, Russia has predictably continued its belligerent military and cyber actions against our NATO allies and Ukraine, as well as ongoing cyber attacks on the election of our demo-cratic allies, most recently in France. This should come as no surprise. We were warned by our own experts and our allies about the danger of Amer-ican inaction. For example, last month, former Di-rector of National Intelligence James Clapper warned, ‘‘An American citizen should be very concerned about a for-eign government, particularly our pri-mary adversary, interfering with the most important foundational process that we have in this country, which is free and fair elections.’’ And former FBI Director James Comey also re-cently warned about the Russians ‘‘They’re coming after America . . . They will be back.’’ I heard the same warnings in Eastern Europe, where our allies starkly warned that Russia would feel emboldened to continue its attacks if the United States did not even respond to the attack on its own election. So I am understandably pleased that, at least this week, we are taking action to maintain and toughen sanctions against Russia. This bill takes a number of long over-due steps, including codifying existing sanctions against Russia put in place by the Obama administration, adding new sanctions on Russia, and making it harder for President Trump to lift any sanctions on Russia without con-gressional review. I think these are important steps we must take to respond to Russia and to protect our democracy, but they are not nearly enough. We must also pass legislation to help protect against any such future at-tacks on our election and to safeguard our electoral infrastructure. We must get to the bottom of ques-tions regarding possible collusion be-tween the Trump campaign and the Russians. We must be prepared for President Trump to use the waivers and designa-tion authority granted to him in this bill to ultimately do little to nothing to toughen sanctions against Russia. You see, the way we usually write sanctions language is to instruct that the ‘‘President shall’’ take such action as described and then provide a na-tional security waiver. Well, this President has spent more time trying to endear himself to the Russians than warning them to never attack our Nation again. In fact, this President continues to deny that there was a Russian attack on our election. What can we expect this President to do with the discretion given in this bill dealing with these exact issues? I hope he does the right thing to pro-tect our national security and demo-cratic system from foreign attack, but I and others will be watching to make sure he does and ready with additional measures if he does not. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, Re-publicans continue to come to the floor to talk about the urgent need that we have to reform America’s healthcare system. The reason we continue to do this is because the pain of ObamaCare is getting worse. We are seeing it all across the coun-try. The healthcare system in this country has been devastated by a law known as ObamaCare. Every weekend, at home, I hear, as Republicans all around the country hear, about the costs that have been spiraling out of control—double on the ObamaCare ex-change, we hear across the country, but in many States even more than that. In Wyoming it has gone up 107 per-cent over the past 4 years. We also hear from people at home about their spe-cific premiums on the exchange and how they are worried about them going up even higher next year. Not only have they doubled, but they are wor-ried about them going up again. Just this past week, we have heard stories about numbers that have been re-quested for increases in New Hamp-shire, New York, and Maine. We are hearing it all across the country. I hear it every weekend in Wyoming. People are very concerned about the impact that ObamaCare has had on their lives personally. Many will tell you that they believe that the insur-ance they bought under ObamaCare has been of less value than they would have liked, and many people are not buying because they see that the value is not there. When we hear about these increasing rates and we hear about the fact that it is going to only get worse, people are saying: The cost has gone up; maybe we ought to try to shop around, and maybe we can find more choices. The problem is the choices are going down as well. Insurance companies are continuing to drop out of the ObamaCare plan. So people around the country are having fewer and fewer choices under ObamaCare. Last Friday, a headline in the Wall Street Journal read: ‘‘Another Area Loses Last ACA Insurer.’’ It is not just that they have fewer choices. Now we are looking at places in the country where there are no choices. In Wyoming we had two. One of the companies went out of business. We are down to one. That company has lost money. The question is, How long will they stay? How much higher will they have to raise rates under ObamaCare? Will we be at a point where the coun-ties in our State, instead of having one, have none? This article in the Wall Street Jour-nal last week says: ‘‘Washington state has no insurer willing to offer Afford-able Care Act plans next year,’’ in some of its 39 counties. A few days earlier, we heard the news from people in a similar situation in Ohio. There are 18 counties in Ohio next year with no plans offered. So with ObamaCare you are going to get a subsidy, but there is no place to use the subsidy. You have no choices. But we warned from the beginning about the ObamaCare death spiral, and we are seeing it happen here. For those people living in those counties in Ohio and those counties in Washington, the insurance death spiral is complete. There is no insurance market. There is no one offering to sell insurance be-cause of the damage done by ObamaCare to the insurance market in the United States. We have millions of people across the country who have been harmed by the higher costs and the fewer and fewer choices available under ObamaCare. They have lost the coverage they had. Care is not available to them in the sense that their insurance is not avail-able to them. The options are shrink-ing all across the country and have completely gone away in certain places. Now, someone who is living with a preexisting condition is so much of the debate, and I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who come to the floor, talk about preexisting condi-tions. If you are someone in any of these counties and you have a pre-existing condition and the company you buy your insurance from goes out of business and there is no one to sell you insurance in the county in which you live and you have a preexisting condition, under ObamaCare, you are out of luck. You may get a subsidy, but you cannot buy a policy. Under ObamaCare, preexisting conditions are not covered if there is no one available to sell a policy, and we are seeing more and more counties falling into that sit-uation. There was almost a full-page map in the New York Times earlier this week of the number of counties across the country in which there are only two in-surance companies selling or one or none at all. That is the problem we have all across the country. We predicted this. This disaster of ObamaCare was entirely predictable. Republicans came to the floor as it was being debated, as it was being dis-cussed, as Democrats were voting on it, and we continued to point out that we would be in a situation of free fall, and we are now in that situation with ObamaCare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.003 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3481 June 14, 2017 
Republicans know what we need to do. We are trying to stabilize the mar-ket. We want to protect people with preexisting conditions. We want to lower the cost of premiums. We do not want the rug to be pulled out from any-one, and we are trying to reform Med-icaid in a way that provides long-term stability to that program. Finally, after all of these years of talking about the problems with ObamaCare and with so many Demo-crats having blinders on, wanting to just apply a blank check to the prob-lem and say: ‘‘More money. More ObamaCare,’’ finally, now some Demo-crats are saying, yes, that there are problems with ObamaCare. The prob-lem is that their solution is the wrong solution. What they want to do is make the problem even bigger, and we have seen it in California this past year. Actu-ally, just a week ago, the California State Senate—and it is a Democratic- controlled Senate—after calls from people throughout their political party and at their political convention a cou-ple of weeks ago, said that we know what to do—single-payer healthcare. That is what they proposed, and it passed along party lines. Who is that single payer? It is the American taxpayer. The Democratic- controlled Senate in California passed a single-payer healthcare bill. From cradle to grave, everyone is covered. Anything you need, you have it, says California. I served in the Wyoming State Legis-lature—and I served at the Presiding Officer’s level in the legislature—where we did something called a fiscal note. What is something like this going to cost? They did the same thing in Cali-fornia. The fiscal note was $400 billion a year. Put it in perspective. How does that fit into the State budget? The general fund for the State of California for a year, when they have just passed a bill for $400 billion, is only $190 bil-lion. The total cost of what the State Senate of California passed is twice the entire general fund for the State of California. In other places, when they have said that they have needed a sin-gle-payer plan, as they have done in Canada and England, what has hap-pened is that it has led to longer lines, waiting periods, and the rationing of care. That is not what the American people want, but it is what the Demo-cratic Party is proposing and actually voted for in the State of California. This was a headline in the New York Times just the other day, ‘‘The Single- Payer Party? Democrats Shift Left on Health Care.’’ The article goes on to read in terms of the Democrats: 
Cast out of power in Washington and most State capitals, Democrats and activist lead-ers seeking political redemption have em-braced an unlikely-seeming cause: an actual government takeover of health care. 
This was from the New York Times about what has passed in California and what Democrats around the coun-try are proposing. In the U.S. House of Representatives, which is right down the hall of this building, a majority of the Democrats has cosponsored legislation to go to a single-payer healthcare plan—for the majority of the Democrats in the House, a single-payer healthcare plan. That is not what hard-working Amer-icans want. That is not what struggling small business owners want. That is not what the people of Wyoming want. The people at home already cannot af-ford to pay for the insurance that has been mandated that they buy under the Obama healthcare law. They cannot af-ford the penalties. They cannot afford the insurance, and they want healthcare—care they need from doc-tors they choose at lower costs. How in the world is this country going to afford higher taxes to pay for the Democrats’ single-payer fantasy? Yet that is what they are looking at in California. To double the cost of the State’s general fund, you are talking about raising taxes as well as, prob-ably, eliminating some services. Would you have to eliminate teachers, fire-fighters, public safety workers? Those are the things that you have to wonder about when they make such an irre-sponsible decision in the California State Senate. Ronald Reagan, I think, said it best when he said that you cannot be for big government and big taxes and a big bu-reaucracy and still be for the little guy. Ronald Reagan had it right. Now Washington Democrats want to ignore that. Small business owners know what Democrats in Washington, DC, and in California refuse to acknowledge right now. The small business owners know it, and the Democrats will not ac-knowledge it. People around the coun-try realize ObamaCare is not working. It is why they elected a Republican House, a Republican Senate, a Repub-lican President—because of the pain caused to the American people under the Obama healthcare law, which man-dated that everybody buy a govern-ment-approved product. The costs have gone up, and the choices have gone down. People have been left in a state in which this is not what works for them. So here we are. We are on the cusp of coming out with a Republican plan. We are trying to do it with our legislation. We are writing a reform plan to reduce healthcare costs and improve access to insurance without the mandates and the restrictions we have seen under the Obama healthcare law. I think Democrats should join us in finding the best solutions for the American people. The time to act is now because we see that, from week to week, more of those who sell insurance are pulling out. People with pre-existing conditions who lose their cov-erage will have nowhere to turn under ObamaCare. We continue to fight for our patients. As a doctor, I know what patients need, and it is the care they need from doctors they choose at lower costs. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, like all of us here on Capitol Hill, I am still reel-ing from the attack on our colleagues this morning. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone who was injured, and with their families. My friend and colleague S
TEVE SCA-
LISE remains in critical condition right now, and I am praying for a full and swift recovery. I am grateful to hear that the young congressional staffer who was shot—a legislative correspondent for Rep-resentative R
OGER WILLIAMS —is ex-pected to make a complete recovery. Legislative correspondents and the other young staffers who work in our offices don’t get a lot of media atten-tion, but not one of us could do our jobs serving our constituents without them. We are grateful for their work and dedication. In the Gospel of John, Jesus says: ‘‘Greater love has no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ Most of us have never been in a situa-tion where we have a need to consider such a great sacrifice. But, every day, the men and women of the United States Capitol Police, and every police force in this country, get up and go about their jobs, knowing that they may have to lay down their lives, and they do so willingly. When others run from danger, they run into it. When bullets fly, they advance. Today, violence threatened, and offi-cers of the Capitol Police stepped up to meet it. Had it not been for the efforts of the heroic officers who were on site, today’s attack could have been much, much worse. As it is, their actions have brought many safely home to their families tonight. Events like today remind us that there is evil in the world, but they also remind us that there is good. Around every act of evil and violence, 100 acts of good spring up. The officers who risked their lives to defend those at the scene, the colleagues who hurried to provide medical care to S
TEVE SCALISE , the Alexandria police officers who came running to help, the Democratic congressional baseball team who united in prayer for their colleagues, the injured officer who went to check on the Member he was protecting be-fore he thought of seeking treatment for himself—these are the things that endure. Good endures. Sacrifice endures. Her-oism endures. Long after the names of evildoers are forgotten, these things re-main. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.035 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3482 June 14, 2017 
Again, my thoughts and prayers are with the injured and with their fami-lies. And, as always, my gratitude is with the Capitol police officers who de-fend us every single day. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, this morning, an unbalanced individual car-ried out a cowardly attack, not only against Members and staff of this Con-gress but against democratic institu-tions. This terrorist—and he is a ter-rorist—desired to destroy our demo-cratic institutions. We as a country cannot allow this to happen. If any-thing, this must strengthen our resolve to do what is right for our country and for each other. We cannot let this shooter defeat good. I have known S
TEVE SCALISE for dec-ades. I served with S
TEVE in the Lou-isiana Senate, then in the U.S. House of Representatives. I called his wife Jennifer and will be available to help his family in any way I can. S
TEVE is a man of good character. He loves the United States and Louisiana, loves the LSU Tigers, which, of course, is our mutual affection as well. It is a privilege to serve with someone who cares so deeply about the people whom we are both honored to represent. My prayers are with S
TEVE , Jennifer, and their children. We also think of Zack Barth, Matt Mika, Agent David Bailey, and Agent Crystal Griner. We think of them, are gratified that they were able to receive medical treatment quickly, and ask that everyone join in keeping them and their families in our prayers as well. To all of them—we want them to know that we in the United States and in Louisiana support them. I specifically commend the Capitol Police for all they do, and, again, Agents Bailey and Griner for their bravery and quick actions to protect those in danger. We are blessed by the service of the Capitol Police and fortu-nate they were there to prevent this attack from being even more tragic. Where do we go from here? Frankly, we as a country need to come together to try and reinject civility into our po-litical rhetoric. We can disagree on pol-icy. It is that disagreement and our ability to discuss and debate these dif-ferences that makes democracies suc-cessful. The key word here is ‘‘debate.’’ There is a difference between debate and at-tacking the motives and good faith of another. Debates are healthy, produc-tive, and you respect those in opposi-tion. You discuss ideas, not perceived intentions. When respect and good faith in the intentions of the other are lost, though, perhaps it does more to hurt than to heal. We as individuals need to look at how we use rhetoric—rhetoric that can cause someone who is unbalanced to commit an act of violence, as we saw this morning. Anyone saying things to vilify another or portray them as evil, we have to recognize that can drive some, again, to acts of violence. Let’s do what we can to move this country to the era of respectful debate. Now let me end where I began. We cannot let political terrorism win. We must stand firm in support of our de-mocracy and democratic institutions. We must carry on, not letting evil tri-umph. We do that by recognizing that we are all, first, children of God, then all Americans. We come together, stand united, doing that which is best for our country and for each other. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, Con-gressman STEVE SCALISE ; Special Agent Crystal Griner; Special Agent David Bailey; Zack Barth, a legislative aide to Congressman R
OGER WILLIAMS ; Matt Mika, who works for Tyson Foods—those five individuals were shot today, and I am asking and saying to every American who happens to be lis-tening to the Senate at this time: If you believe in God, please pray for them as I have and as I do. If you don’t believe in God, this is America, and that is your right. Send positive thoughts their way. Like most Americans, I feel awful, I feel sad, and I feel mad. I have known S
TEVE SCALISE a long time, I don’t know, 20, 25 years. He is a political friend, but he is also a per-sonal friend. S
TEVE works all the time. He loves his family. He will do any-thing for his constituents. I know that is what we always say about each other, but it is true with S
TEVE . He loves this place. I have never seen him in a bad mood. I know he must be; he is human. But I don’t think I have ever seen S
TEVE in a bad mood. He is posi-tive; he is can-do. Every time I go to a function, S
TEVE is there. I don’t think he ever sleeps. He does an extraor-dinarily good job of representing the First Congressional District of Lou-isiana, and this is so unfair. I wish I understood why bad things happen to good people. My thoughts and prayers, as all of our thoughts and prayers should be, are with Jennifer, S
TEVE ’s lovely wife. S
TEVE and Jennifer have two great kids, Madison and Harrison. I can’t imagine what his family is going through right now. I am just so sorry. We are also praying and hoping for a quick recovery for Matt and for Zack. I thank Special Agent Griner and Special Agent Bailey. There were 30, 40, 50 Congressmen and Senators out there today. It was an open field. But for the bravery of these two special agents and other members of the Capitol Police, it would have been a turkey shoot: no cover. You have a person—that is as charitable as I can be right now—a per-son armed with an assault rifle and a handgun. I just want to tell those two agents and all the other law enforce-ment officials who support them and who keep us safe every day: Thank you so much for doing your job. We have heard—and I hope it is not true—that this was a political shoot-ing; that this person who decided to commit these despicable acts did it be-cause he didn’t like the political per-suasion of the people at whom he de-cided to shoot. I hope that is not true. I hope members of the media come back tonight after the Secret Service investigates and tell us that is not true. Because if it is true, this rep-resents a new low for America. Reasonable people disagree, and you have the right under our Constitution to disagree. This is America. You can believe what you want. Within reason, you can say what you want. And most of us—I dare say, all of us in Congress— would do anything we could to protect that right. I guess you have a constitutional right to hate, if you want to. But I don’t understand people who hate other people just because they don’t agree with them politically. It is not only nonsensical, it is un-American. If the reports are true, it breaks my heart that this is what we have come to. I think many of us have probably seen that attitude. It has not become preva-lent in America, but it certainly has become more than just a mere occur-rence. I will put it that way. The internet has been an extraor-dinary thing for commerce and for the quality of life of all of us, but some-times I read what people write on Facebook and I read comments. The worst are the ones where people can comment anonymously on newspaper articles. The vitriol, the hatred—I would hate to live with that much hate in my heart. Our thoughts and prayers are with STEVE , Jennifer, Madison, and Har-rison, and they are with Special Agent Griner, Special Agent Bailey, Zack Barth, and Matt Mika. My personal thoughts and prayers are with every American today who feels as I do, that this is just a sad, sad day for this great country. I don’t know if there is any good that can come out of this, but if there is, I hope the good that does come out of this is that we will all stop and think about the things that divide us and un-derstand it is OK to disagree. I will say it again: Reasonable people do. But you can disagree with somebody without hate. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.036 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3483 June 14, 2017 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I want to add to the voice of so many Senators today who expressed their prayers and concerns for the five Americans who were wounded today in a terrible shooting in Alexandria, VA: S
TEVE  S
CALISE , a friend of mine from the House of Representatives, someone who took a bet on me early in my first cam-paign, as a neighboring State, aspiring young candidate, and with whom I served for 2 years; Matt Mika, who rep-resents the Tyson Foods, a great Ar-kansas institution, and whom I have known since the beginning of my days of politics; Zack Barth, a young House staffer; and Crystal Griner and David Bailey, two brave Capitol police offi-cers who were on the scene. We don’t yet know all of the details of what happened this morning. Here is what we do know: If it weren’t for the bravery of those Capitol police offi-cers—not just Crystal and David but the others present—there might have been many more killed. We all sit here safely engaged in the great debates of American democracy— whether we are a Senator or whether we are Americans watching it—because there are brave men and women lit-erally standing guard at our doors with guns, willing to put their lives on the line to defend all of us. I want to join so many other Sen-ators today to express my gratitude to the Capitol Police, not just for pro-tecting us—535 elected Members of Congress—but also for protecting all of the hundreds of thousands of Ameri-cans who come here every single day of the year to see their Congress and their Representatives doing the people’s business. 
HONORING PRIVATE FIRST CLASS LARRY  
ROBERTS  
Mr. President, speaking of men who guard us with guns, I want to turn our attention to Arlington National Ceme-tery. After 74 years, an American pa-triot has finally come home. PFC Larry Roberts, of Damascus, AK, was only 18 years old at the time of his final mission. It was November 1943—the height of World War II. Pri-vate Roberts had been assigned to the Special Weapons Group, 2nd Defense Battalion, Fleet Marine Force. U.S. forces were making their way across the Pacific, island by island. That month, those marines landed on tiny Betio in the Tarawa Atoll of the Gil-bert Islands. The mission? Take the is-land and advance on to Tokyo and vic-tory. Private Roberts and his battle buddies performed brilliantly, but the fighting was fierce. One thousand ma-rines and sailors were killed and 2,000 were wounded. The Japanese fought to the last man standing. In the end we won but at steep cost. Private Roberts, like so many others, was killed on November 25, 1943. In the 2 years after the war, the 604th Quar-termaster Graves Registration Com-pany tried to recover all of the remains on the battlefield, but they never found any sign of Private Roberts. In 1949, a military review board declared his re-mains nonrecoverable. Just 2 years ago, the nonprofit His-tory Flight discovered an until-then unknown burial site on the island and recovered remains of 35 marines who had died there. It took 2 years, but thanks to the amazing work of the De-fense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, we were able to identify the remains of Private First Class Roberts. It was heartening news, especially to the Rob-erts family. I am happy to say he has been laid to rest on American soil on our most hal-lowed ground—Arlington National Cemetery. I had the honor of attending his funeral earlier today. Now he rests amid the rolling green hills and the ghostly white crosses of that cemetery. I think it is more than fitting because his burial there is a symbol of what this one person, this young man so far away from home, did for our country. He gave his all-too-brief life in service to something greater than himself. He gave his life and service to his country. He gave all his tomorrows so you could have today and tomorrow. I wanted to recognize him and his service on the Senate floor tonight. Standing here, I think of the words of the great British Parliamentarian Wil-liam Gladstone: ‘‘Show me the manner in which a nation cares for its dead and I will measure with mathematical exactness the tender mercies of its peo-ple, their respect for the laws of the land, and their loyalty to high ideals.’’ To the men and women of our Armed Forces, I want you to know that if you are ever separated, captured, missing, or killed in action, our country will spare no expense and will suffer any burden to bring you back too. PFC Larry Roberts died fighting for that highest ideal, that of freedom. He would have been 92 years old this year. It is because of him and his bravery and millions of Americans like him that our country is still here, still standing, still free, as it has been for 241 years. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, we are on the Senate floor today, yester-day, and tomorrow, and we will be con-tinuing the debate on the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act of 2017. This is actually a very important bill, and I want to commend Senator C
ARDIN , Senator C ORKER , the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, and many others on working hard to put this bill together in the Foreign Relations Committee. There is a lot of interest in this. I am a cosponsor of the bill, and I think it is an important bill. Let me just give a quick overview of what its core purpose is. There was a lot of discussion last year about the JCPOA—what it was going to do and what it wasn’t going to do. I think a lot of us, even those who supported it— and I certainly did not support it. As a matter of fact, I thought it was a very misbegotten agreement that was going to undermine American interests and the interests of our allies in the region. But a number of us were concerned about what it didn’t cover. The bill we are debating today does close some of those loopholes. For example, the core purpose of S. 722 is to impose sanctions on Iran for its ballistic missile pro-gram, which continues to violate U.N. Security Council resolutions, and its support of terrorism. It is still listed by our State Depart-ment as the No. 1 state sponsor of ter-rorism in the world. As to its transfer of illicit weapons, which it is not sup-posed to do under U.N. Security Coun-cil resolutions, it continues to do that, and, of course, there is its continuing and widespread abuse of human rights. That is all still happening with regard to this Iranian regime, which the pre-vious administration spent so much time negotiating with to get this nu-clear deal that, I think, undermines our interests. The bill we are focused on is very bi-partisan. It sets to close some of these loopholes and impose sanctions for these kinds of violations. It does not violate the JCPOA. I think Senators CORKER and C ARDIN worked hard to make sure that would not be the case in order to get bipartisan buy-in. I think it is an important bill, but it could have been stronger. Unfortu-nately, a number of us had provisions and amendments that were meant to strengthen it. Some of us don’t sit on the Foreign Relations Committee, but we have a lot of interest and experience with these issues. What we could have done was to actually make this bill stronger by looking at some of the other amendments that Members of the Senate brought to the floor on this very bill. Let me give you one example. I had an amendment that was a very simple amendment. It essentially stated that Iranian banks and financial institu-tions would not be able to use the U.S. financial system—our banking system, which is critical to global commerce to conduct any business around the world—until Iran was taken off the list of countries that sponsor state ter-rorism—very simple: not using the American financial system until you are not a terrorist designated by our State Department. This is important. These kinds of sanctions are important because Iran and other rogue nations— you see it all the time—want access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.041 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3484 June 14, 2017 
our financial institutions and the dol-lar, the world’s currency. Roughly 43 percent of international financial transactions and more than 60 percent of total allocated global floor exchange reserves are denominated in U.S. dol-lars. We have tremendous leverage over other countries, even if we are acting just as the United States, with regard to accessing the U.S. financial system. When you have these kinds of sanc-tions, when other countries are not al-lowed to access our financial system, it puts a real strong bite on their econ-omy. We wanted to bring this down to the floor. Again, there is bipartisan sup-port for this amendment. Unfortu-nately, not many but just a few of my colleagues wouldn’t want to accept this. They didn’t even want to vote on the amendment. They believed, incor-rectly, that somehow this would under-mine the JCPOA. Well, it wouldn’t. As a matter of fact, former Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew stated that under the JCPOA, the Treasury De-partment was still going to prohibit Iranian banks from being able to use U.S. dollars through New York or to hold correspondent account relation-ships with U.S. financial institutions. He testified that the JCPOA would con-tinue to bar Iranian financial institu-tions from using our financial system. So that is happening right now. What we wanted to do with this amendment was to say that we are going to make that legislation; we are going to make that a statutory prohi-bition, and the biggest sponsor of ter-rorism in the world shouldn’t be able to use our financial system until they are no longer a sponsor of terrorism— very simple. But we couldn’t get that through the Senate. If we voted on it, I believe there would be a strong bipar-tisan majority of Senators who would agree with us, but there are a few who don’t. The JCPOA was sold in many ways as helping to ensure that Iran would mod-erate its behavior, that Iran would be-come part of the ‘‘community of na-tions’’ again. Well, of course, despite claims by the former President and the former Sec-retary of State that this is what the agreement would do, that hasn’t hap-pened. To the contrary, the opposite has happened. Iran has undertaken ac-tivities to undermine U.S. interests, the interests of Israel—our sacred ally in the Middle East—and the interests of our gulf Arab allies in the Middle East on almost a daily basis. Look at what has happened since that agreement was signed. Moderating behavior did not happen; much more aggressive behavior did. It is really im-portant for people to remember that this isn’t just the largest state sponsor of terrorism. This is a country whose activities have led to the deaths and wounding of thousands of American soldiers and marines. The Iranian re-gime was supplying very sophisticated IEDs to Iraqi Shia militias that were killing, maiming, and wounding our troops in Iraq. That is a fact. This is a regime with the blood of U.S. soldiers, marines, sailors, and airmen on its hands. This is not a regime we should trust. This is a regime about which we should do everything we have in our power to use our leverage to help un-dermine their nefarious activities around the world that they have been conducting for decades. So again, my congratulations and I am going to vote for the bill. My con-gratulations go to Senators Corker and Cardin for this important bill, but it could be stronger. We need to look at ways to make this stronger. This was a missed opportunity, simply bringing an amendment like this to the floor for a vote. Let’s see where people stand. It would be strongly supported by the American people, strongly supported by our allies, strongly supported by Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle. Unfortunately, there are a few in the Senate who seem more interested in protecting the legacy of the JCPOA than in really putting the screws to Iran and really limiting their ability to fund terrorism or their illicit busi-nesses around the world. That is dis-appointing. These Senators will not say they are doing that, but that is what is going on here. The legacy of the JCPOA is not worth safeguarding if it means missing the opportunity to further leverage and undermine Iranian terrorist activities around the world. So that is a disappointment we have seen today. I am going to continue to keep push-ing to do more to make sure we take every action, every bit of leverage that the United States of America has to push back against the nefarious activi-ties of the biggest sponsor of terrorism in the world—the Iranian regime and its leadership. I know that most of my colleagues—Democrats and Repub-licans—are interested in doing so today. We made a good start with this bill that hopefully is going to pass the Senate floor, but we can do much more. We need to do much more. I am going to continue to press my colleagues to do so. I yield the floor. (Mr. DAINES assumed the Chair.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent, notwithstanding rule XXII, to withdraw the cloture mo-tions on the committee-reported sub-stitute and S. 722; that the only further amendment in order be the Gardner amendment No. 250, as modified with the changes at the desk; further, that following leader remarks on Thursday, June 15, the time until 11 a.m. be equally divided between the two lead-ers or their designees, and that at 11 a.m. the Senate vote in relation to the Gardner amendment No. 250, then vote in relation to the amendment No. 240; finally, following disposition of that amendment, the committee-reported substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENT NO . 250, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 250, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Colorado [Mr. G ARDNER ] proposes an amendment numbered 250, as modified. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide an exception for activi-ties of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration) In Section 236, at the appropriate place, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. EXCEPTION RELATING TO ACTIVITIES OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall not apply with respect to activities of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to authorize the im-position of any sanction or other condition, limitation, restriction, or prohibition, that directly or indirectly impedes the supply by any entity of the Russian Federation of any product or service, or the procurement of such product or service by any contractor or subcontractor of the United States or any other entity, relating to or in connection with any space launch conducted for— (1) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; or (2) any other non-Department of Defense customer. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote No. 144 on Senate amendment No. 232 to S. 722. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY AND VACANCIES Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last week the Senate passed the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection Act, but this legislation does nothing to address one of the most critical problems at the VA. To improve the healthcare our returning heroes re-ceive, we need a VA that is fully staffed with the best healthcare profes-sionals we can find, and in many VA fa-cilities throughout the Nation, includ-ing in Ohio, that is far from the case. Across the U.S., there are more than 49,000 VA vacancies that this adminis-tration has yet to fill. In Ohio, as of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.046 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3485 June 14, 2017 
April of this year, there were more than 1,700 VA vacancies, and more than 1,500 of those positions were considered critical to public health and safety. That is a massive problem that needs immediate attention by the adminis-tration. These vacancies are not just numbers; they have serious con-sequences for our veterans who need care. When the VA is understaffed, it means longer wait times. It means vet-erans unable to see the specialists they need. It means overstretched doctors. Overworked doctors means mistakes are more likely and veterans are not getting the quality care they deserve. Imagine a doctor tells an Ohio vet-eran she needs an MRI. Well, if there is no MRI tech at that facility because they have not hired one, she has to wait longer for the test and diagnosis. She might have to find someone to drive her to another town. The last thing we ought to be doing is making it harder for these men and women who have sacrificed so much for our country to get the care they need. We owe all of our veterans—and the families who support them—our grati-tude, our respect, and the best healthcare in the world. That means recruiting talented doctors, nurses, and other staff members has to be a pri-ority for the VA. The agency must improve outreach to prospective employees to show that it is a desirable place to work. It needs to demonstrate that employee’s voices, including those of whistleblowers, will be heard and protected when necessary. Future VA employees need to know that all efforts by VA workers to im-prove the quality of services provided to our veterans will be encouraged, ap-preciated, and acted on. We absolutely need to ensure that we are holding the workers who care for our veterans and servicemembers to the highest standards—but that is not enough. We can improve the quality of care by the VA by making sure it is prop-erly and fully staffed. That is currently not the case, and I will continue to press the VA to provide answers as to why more than 1,700 positions in Ohio— positions that should be filled by Americans dedicated to serving our veterans—are vacant. When our servicemembers return home, they should be able to focus on spending time with loved ones and re-joining their communities, not wor-rying about whether they will be able to get the quality healthcare they de-serve. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHEN SCHLEY Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, for cen-turies, families and communities throughout Maine were sustained by healthy working forests. During his 32 years with Pingree Associates, includ-ing 28 as president, Stephen Schley has exemplified the stewardship that de-fines Maine’s forest products industry. His retirement provides an opportunity to celebrate his many contributions to the economy, environment, and the communities that make up the great State of Maine. It can truly be said that Steve’s com-mitment to Maine and our forests is in his DNA. In 1820, the year Maine be-came a State, Massachusetts shipping businessman David Pingree began in-vesting in Maine forestlands. Nearly two centuries later, as a descendant of that visionary leader, Steve has helped to make Pingree Associates a model of sustainable forestry, environmental re-sponsibility, economic development, and public access. Today Pingree Associates’ lands in Maine approach 1 million acres. Steve has always recognized that with those great holdings comes great responsi-bility, and he has always measured every initiative by its benefit to the communities and people of Maine. He has devoted time and effort to engag-ing with organizations statewide that seek to provide support for these com-munities and their development, both inside and outside his role in forest management. Just a few examples from a long ca-reer demonstrate his commitment. In the 1990s, under Steve’s leadership, the Pingree lands in Maine became the largest forest in North America to earn certification for sustainable forestry practices. In 2001, he guided the agree-ment that established a 750,000-acre conservation easement, also the largest on our continent, to ensure continued public recreational access to undevel-oped woodlands. In recent years, as the industry has sought to address the challenges of a changing economy, Steve has been a leader in supporting research into forest bioproducts and developing new economic opportunities for the entire forest products industry. He has always recognized the value in engaging with all stakeholders and has worked in cooperation with the Univer-sity of Maine to foster the next genera-tion of foresters. Indeed, he worked to establish the endowment of the Univer-sity’s Forestry School, recognizing the unique perspective and unparalleled training that comes with working in the forests of Maine. The people of Maine have always been faithful stewards of our forests be-cause we appreciate their tremendous value to our way of life. As president of Pingree Associates, Steve Schley has honored our heritage and helped to shape the economic, environmental, and recreational future of our entire State. I commend him for his dedica-tion to Maine’s natural treasures and our way of life and thank him for his years of stewardship. Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Steve Schley who is stepping down as president of Pingree Associates after nearly three decades of leadership later this month. Eight generations after his descendant initi-ated this effort, Steve Schley has, in his 32 years of service both to Pingree Associates, of which he was president for 28 years, and to the State of Maine, continued a tradition of leadership in the development and fiscal health of Maine’s forest products industry as well as the sustainability of Maine’s forests. Steve’s retirement provides an opportunity to honor his wide array of accomplishments and contributions to the State of Maine—all achieved in the spirit and essence of his lineage. In the year 1820, Maine, as included in the the Missouri Compromise, was ushered into the Union as a new State. That same year, a prominent Massa-chusetts shipping merchant named David Pingree initiated what would be-come a historic and indispensable string of investments in Maine forestlands. Over the next nearly 200 years, sudden growth and advancement of Maine’s forest product industry, and thus statewide economic development, blossomed from the easement agree-ments signed and purchases made of Maine forest land by the Pingree fam-ily. Today Pingree Associates is in pos-session of close to 1 million acres of Maine forest land, bringing a great bur-den of responsibility upon the presi-dent of the association. In every re-spect, Steve has thrived under this bur-den. During his tenure as president, he has undertaken initiatives to revitalize Maine’s struggling wood-products in-dustry by collaborating with the Uni-versity of Maine’s Forest Bio-products Research Institute to help nurture the next generation of innovators and lead-ers in the bioproducts industry, setting the stage for the development and inte-gration of sustainable, forward-think-ing forest products. By ‘‘paying it for-ward’’ through the youth of Maine, he is ensuring that his integrity and hard work will continue to live on through these kids for generations to come. Steve’s sustainability and conservation efforts were not limited to just ensur-ing a bright future. Back in 2001, when I was Governor, I announced Steve’s success in closing the largest forestland conservation easement in the history of the United States be-tween Pingree Associates and the New England Forestry Foundation, which independently protected 762,192 acres from development and opened up the land to recreation for Mainers and all U.S citizens for time immemorial. Because of Steve’s hard work and leadership as president of Pingree As-sociates, Mainers of all ages will con-tinue to benefit from his successes in Maine’s forest industry, as well as in conserving land for their recreation. Steve has honored our collective herit-age as well as his own, and I thank him for his friendship and his many con-tributions towards bettering our State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.006 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3486 June 14, 2017 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT GENERAL KAREN E. DYSON ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I wish to honor an exceptional officer in the U.S. Army. LTG Karen E. Dyson will retire in July after more than 37 years of distinguished service to the Army and our great Nation. General Dyson’s long and distinguished career admi-rably culminates as military deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Financial Management and Comp-troller. This is the highest military po-sition within that office. For nearly four decades, General Dyson has personified the Army values of duty, integrity, and selfless service to our Nation’s defense. She comes from a legacy of selfless service, as her father served as a special forces officer in Germany. Lieutenant General Dyson began her own legacy upon graduation and commissioning as a second lieuten-ant into the regular Army, Finance Branch, from the ROTC program at Southwest Missouri State University. Her extraordinary career is a testa-ment to her hard work and dedication; she is an exemplary role model and mentor who made Army history as the first female finance officer to obtain the rank of lieutenant general. Lieutenant General Dyson has com-manded soldiers at all levels through brigade, leading soldiers in peacetime, stability operations, and war. During her command of the European-based 266th Finance Command, she deployed with her troops in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq. Her command funded each and every Army mission within the contingency operation, the infrastructure of all military operating bases, and critical equipment that en-sured warfighters were ready to fight. She also commanded the 208th Finance Battalion during Operation Joint Guard and Operation Joint Forge in Bosnia; and the 66th Finance Detach-ment in the 101st Airborne Division during Operations Desert Shield/Desert Storm in Saudi Arabia. Lieutenant General Dyson was an in-tegral part of the of the White House team during her time serving as the chief of staff and comptroller, White House Military Office. She is also a fa-miliar and respected presence in the Pentagon and on Capitol Hill. During her time as the military deputy for budget and the director of the Army budget under the Office of the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army, Financial Management and Comptroller, she dedicated herself to engaging Congress on important financial issues for the Army, answering questions that en-sured transparency and understanding of the Army’s funding requirements. She served in numerous positions with-in the Pentagon to include the chief of the Army Coalition Provisional Au-thority Support Team, the director of Business Operations Office of Business Transformation, the director of oper-ations and support Army Budget Office and the executive officer to the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army, Financial Management and Comptroller, and to the Under Secretary of the Army. She influenced the way the Army viewed auditability and was the driving force behind numerous initiatives to make every dollar count, ensuring account-ability to Congress and our Nation’s taxpayers. Together with her husband James Chamberlain, a retired Air Force offi-cer, she will undoubtedly continue her service to our Nation in some capacity following her retirement. On behalf of the State of West Virginia and the U.S. Senate and a grateful nation, I con-gratulate LTG Karen E. Dyson on her retirement from the U.S. Army. I wish Karen and Jim the best in their future endeavors and the next chapter of their lives.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL REBECCA B. M
CELWAIN ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to an exceptional officer in the U.S. Army. LTC Rebecca B. McElwain has served admirably as a senior budget integrator for the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army, Financial Management and Comptroller, for the past year. Lieutenant Colonel McElwain began her career in North Dakota where she spent time as a medic in the Army Re-serves, later transferring to the Min-nesota National Guard. After grad-uating with a bachelor’s of science in business administration from North Dakota State University in 1997, she received a commission into the Fi-nance Corps. LTC Rebecca McElwain’s earliest Ac-tive-Duty assignment was with the 125th Finance Battalion in Hawaii, where she assumed her first company- grade command and participated in Asia-Pacific training exercises such as Cobra Gold in Thailand. After her time in Hawaii, she transitioned to Schweinfurt, Germany, where she as-sumed detachment command in the 106th Finance Battalion and deployed her unit to Kosovo in support of Task Force Falcon. She also served as a military mentor in support of the U.S. Ambassador’s efforts to encourage Kosovar women to assume leadership positions in Kosovo’s developing gov-ernment. After her return from Kosovo, she moved across Germany to support U.S. Army Europe transformation initia-tives as the 266th Finance Command executive officer. Shortly after, she was selected for graduate school and attended Hawaii Pacific University, where she earned a master’s degree in business administration with an inter-national finance focus. After gradua-tion, she returned to Germany, acti-vated and assumed command of the 106th Financial Management Company, deploying her unit in support of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom to establish a new headquarters in southern Iraq. While in Germany, Lieutenant Colo-nel McElwain was selected to attend the Australian Command and Staff Col-lege, a joint military school. During her time in Australia, she earned an additional master’s degree in strategy and management from the University of New South Wales and at-tended classes with 182 students from 22 different nations, to include China, India, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. Next, Lieutenant Colonel McElwain served as the chief of financial manage-ment security assistance in the CENTCOM J8, supporting the fiscal re-quirements of 17 security cooperation offices throughout CENTCOM. She also served as a primary member of the CENTCOM operational planning team for Afghanistan transition. As the divi-sion G8 comptroller for the 25th Infan-try Division, she managed funding for five rapidly deployable brigades and re-ceived broad exposure to the ongoing Pacific partnership efforts within the PACOM footprint, as well as joint force engagements. Lieutenant Colonel McElwain’s hus-band, James, has deep family roots in West Virginia and served as an Army ordnance officer. Since leaving the military, he spends his time as a health and fitness consultant and independent chef. Together they have a 13-year-old son, Andrew, who enjoys Boy Scouts, loves all types of sports, and keeps them on their toes. Throughout her career, Lieutenant Colonel McElwain has positively im-pacted her soldiers, peers, and superi-ors. Her extraordinary career is a tes-tament to her hard work and dedica-tion. Our Nation has been enriched by her leadership, thoughtful judgment, and exemplary work. On behalf of the State of West Virginia and the U.S. Senate and a grateful nation, I join my colleagues today in recognizing and commending Rebecca on her service to our Nation. We wish Rebecca, James, and Andrew all the best as they con-tinue their journey in the Army. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:48 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2581. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require the provision of social security numbers as a condition of receiving the health insurance premium tax credit. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2581. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require the provision of social security numbers as a condition of receiving the health insurance premium tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.044 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3487 June 14, 2017 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 213. A bill to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area (Rept. No. 115– 108). S. 217. A bill to amend the Denali National Park Improvement Act to clarify certain provisions relating to the natural gas pipe-line authorized in the Denali National Park and Preserve (Rept. No. 115–109). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 46. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York (Rept. No. 115–110). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 381. A bill to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra Na-tional Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’ (Rept. No. 115– 111). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. *Pamela Hughes Patenaude, of New Hamp-shire, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. *Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Ad-visers. By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *David Malpass, of New York, to be an Under Secretary of the Treasury. *Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services. *Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury. *Andrew K. Maloney, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury. By Mr. ENZI for the Committee on the Budget. Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 1349. A bill to provide that the rate of military basic pay for the Senior Enlisted Advisors to the commanders of the combat-ant commands shall be equivalent to the rate of military basic pay for the Senior En-listed Advisor to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. HATCH , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. E
NZI): S. 1350. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act with respect to the timing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identification of pre-election issues, and to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elections be provided to the National Labor Relations Board; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 1351. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the designation of general surgery shortage areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 1352. A bill to establish a tax credit for on-site apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 1353. A bill to require States to auto-matically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal offices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. 1354. A bill to establish an Individual Market Reinsurance fund to provide funding for State individual market stabilization re-insurance programs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 1355. A bill to combat the heroin epi-demic and drug sample backlogs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 1356. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to pursue inde-pendent study programs at certain edu-cational institutions that are not institu-tions of higher learning, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 1357. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to provide a standard defi-nition of therapeutic family care services in Medicaid; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 1358. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the treat-ment of certain direct primary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 1359. A bill to amend the John F. Ken-nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 1360. A bill to require the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System to es-tablish an Insurance Policy Advisory Com-mittee on International Capital Standards and Other Insurance Issues, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. GRA-
HAM, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. R UBIO): S.J. Res. 46. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States authorizing the Congress to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 65 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 65, a bill to address financial conflicts of interest of the President and Vice President. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 178, a bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. 
S. 247 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 247, a bill to provide an incentive for businesses to bring jobs back to America. 
S. 300 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 300, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-quire that return information from tax-exempt organizations be made available in a searchable format and to provide the disclosure of the identity of contributors to certain tax-exempt or-ganizations. 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 383 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 383, a bill to coordinate the provision of energy retrofitting as-sistance to schools. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 431, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the use of telehealth for individuals with stroke. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.010 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3488 June 14, 2017 
DONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 548 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 548, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the low-in-come housing credit, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 591, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to expand benefits avail-able to participants under such pro-gram, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other purposes. 
S. 721 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 721, a bill to require the disclosure of certain visitor access records. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 772 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 772, a bill to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. 
S. 828 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 828, a bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to re-quire the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal ob-ligations as level 2B liquid assets, and for other purposes. S. 921 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 921, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 100 year anniversary of the 1st Infantry Di-vision. 
S. 987 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 987, a bill to transition away from fos-sil fuel sources of energy to 100 percent clean and renewable energy by 2050, and for other purposes. 
S. 989 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 989, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the participation of pediatric subspecial-ists in the National Health Service Corps program, and for other purposes. 
S. 999 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 999, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to perma-nently prohibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial in-stitutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1014 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1014, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eli-gible organizations to provide service dogs to veterans with severe post-trau-matic stress disorder, and for other purposes. 
S. 1024 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1024, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for bene-fits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1091 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. CAPITO ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1091, a bill to estab-lish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. 
S. 1146 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1146, a bill to enhance the ability of the Office of the National Ombudsman to assist small businesses in meeting regulatory requirements and develop outreach initiatives to pro-mote awareness of the services the Of-fice of the National Ombudsman pro-vides, and for other purposes. 
S. 1155 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1155, a bill to amend title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to increase the amount of finan-cial support available for working stu-dents. 
S. 1172 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1172, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1188 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1188, a bill to amend title XXIX of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program under such title relating to lifespan respite care. 
S. 1285 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1285, a bill to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confed-erated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of In-dians to lease or transfer certain lands. 
S. 1296 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1296, a bill to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of intimate visual images. 
S. 1341 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1341, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit employment of children in to-bacco-related agriculture by deeming such employment as oppressive child labor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.013 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3489 June 14, 2017 
S. RES. 185 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 185, a resolution rec-ognizing and expressing support for the goals and ideals of National Water Safety Month. 
AMENDMENT NO . 230 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 230 intended to be pro-posed to S. 722, a bill to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 232 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) and the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 232 proposed to S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic mis-sile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): S. 1352. A bill to establish a tax cred-it for on-site apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon with my colleague from Maine to talk about an important issue, as well, something we had long planned to introduce today and did so this morning—the reintro-duction of a Senate bill focusing on ap-prentice programs. My colleague Senator C
OLLINS and I, in the past Congress, wanted to make sure people understood how important we thought the apprentice program was, and we introduced legislation then to create a Federal incentive for ap-prentice programs. We are coming back now in this Congress and reintroducing this legislation. I know there has been a lot of talk about apprentices this week. We just had a roundtable discussion this morn-ing with some of our business and labor leaders talking about the skills gap and the need for more apprentice in-vesting as it relates to manufacturing. I know the President is doing some dis-cussion of the apprentice program too. Obviously, it is no surprise to anybody in America that the President knows— or at least has used—the word ‘‘appren-tice’’ in a pretty aggressive way throughout his career. So I hope he will tune in and listen to what my col-league from Maine and I have to say about this. We are saying that it is time in America to have a Federal priority on apprentices; that is, the first-ever tax incentive for hiring an apprentice. Why do we want a Federal priority? Because we know that in America we need to skill and train a workforce for tomor-row, and so many people in America aren’t training and aren’t skilling for those jobs. In the downturn of our economy, a lot of people lost faith. What should they invest their time and money in? There was so much transition in the economy that people weren’t sure where they should skill themselves. As we see a transitioning economy now in various sectors, as they continue to modernize, and as technology con-tinues to change, people also say to themselves: What should I skill myself in? What should I get trained in? Be-cause they are not sure that, at the end of that period, they will be right there with what the job market wants. That is why apprenticeship is so important today. By giving a Federal incentive for the apprentice program, we are saying: Hire and train. We are actually saying: The apprentice program is earning while you learn, and it will help so many Americans take that issue off the table where they weren’t sure whether or how they should skill them-selves. They actually are hired and trained on the job. This is something we have known as a country for a long time. We know the apprentice program has worked. We have seen it across many sectors, in building trades and construction. We have seen it in other areas. In aviation, for example, in the Pacific Northwest, the Boeing Company has taken great advantage of the apprentice program. There are so many other sectors. The maritime sector has taken advantage of the apprentice programs. What we are saying today is that we need to make this a national priority in a more aggressive way. The Department of Labor and registered apprentice pro-grams are part of what we make an in-vestment in here in the Federal budget. But what we are not doing is putting it on steroids, and that is what we need to do now. Our legislation would create enough incentives for 500,000 new apprentice program individuals over the next 10 years. We think this is critically im-portant because we know how much the U.S. economy needs these skilled workers. According to the National Skills Coalition, 53 percent of U.S. jobs are middle-skilled, meaning that they require some postsecondary education. Yet only 43 percent of U.S. workers are trained at that level. According to the National Association of Manufacturers, 67 percent of their members report a shortage of available, qualified work-ers. We are going to need 3.5 million manufacturing jobs over the next dec-ade, and this leaves us with a shortage of about 2 million. So we need to give our businesses the skill levels they are looking for so they can be competitive, so they can meet their market needs, and so they can make profits and help grow our econ-omy. We can’t let them be deterred by the fact that they have the opening and they have the jobs, but they just don’t have the skill level. By doing an incentive program, we can help get a national message out: The apprentice program is a key part of our economic strategy, and skilling a workforce for the jobs of today and tomorrow is the best recipe for growing our economy. There has been an overall decline in employer-provided training over the last two decades. By making this in-vestment now, we are going to help U.S. businesses with the investment that should be made and, further, as I said, expedite getting people into the programs we need to get them into. If we are going to be competitive and our businesses are going to compete in this global economy and they are going to continue to innovate, they need the workforce to do it. I think about the chip fabrication in-dustry. Before Intel came along, prob-ably no one knew how to do chip fab-rication. But there was a sector of our economy that taught and educated peo-ple on chip manufacturing. That will not be the last innovation our economy sees. In aerospace, we have been able to, with composite manufacturing, make lighter weight planes. That com-posite was a huge shift from the alu-minum that dominated aerospace. But composite manufacturing is a whole new skill level in which we are still training and educating the workforce. We need to compete in that sector, which is so important to manufac-turing jobs. I would say that every aspect of our economy needs apprentices. But what does the apprentice get out of it? Not only do they get a job and they get to be skilled on the job, but they also earn more. Over the course of their ca-reer, a registered apprentice earns about $300,000 more than a non-appren-tice working in the same field. A study done by our State Workforce Training and Education Coordinating Board found that completing apprentices earned $13,000 more per year just as they started. So apprentices are a win-win for us and our economy. They give the em-ployer the skills they are seeking to make their companies successful, and the individual worker gets trained and hired in a field that takes away this uncertainty about our economy, which has so plagued us over the last decade or two, and the community gets a more successful employment base and suc-cessful companies that add to the econ-omy of a region and to our country. I am so glad to be here with my col-league Senator C
OLLINS , who has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.015 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3490 June 14, 2017 
known that this apprentice program has been a success, and that is why she and I have partnered for years on this program. We hope now that by reintro-ducing it and getting more of our col-leagues to join in, they, too, will talk about why apprentices are so impor-tant today. We hope there is a guy down the street in the White House, who had a program called ‘‘Apprentice,’’ who takes seriously the bipartisan effort of two Senators who have been at this for a few years, and says: This is where we should be spending our money and making an investment to skill, edu-cate, and employ Americans right now, for today. I yield to my colleague from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the Ap-prenticeship and Jobs Training Act, which Senator C
ANTWELL and I are re-introducing today. Few issues are as important to the American people as the availability of good jobs in our communities. It is cru-cial that we continue to improve job training initiatives to help people find jobs in fields with open positions. Many business owners in Maine have told me that they do, in fact, have jobs avail-able, but they cannot find qualified workers to fill these highly skilled va-cant positions. In fact, I cannot visit a machine shop in the State of Maine, no matter where it is located, and find that they are not looking for skilled machinists. There is such a shortage. And those are good jobs. They are jobs with good benefits and job security. One way for employees to acquire the skills needed to succeed in these in-de-mand fields is through apprenticeship programs. Apprentices gain hands-on experience that is invaluable to them and to their employers. These pro-grams help workers secure good-paying jobs. According to the Department of La-bor’s Employment and Training Ad-ministration, more than 49,000 partici-pants graduated from an apprentice-ship program in fiscal year 2016. In Maine, we have some innovative job- training apprenticeship programs at places like Bath Iron Works, which builds naval destroyers, and the Ports-mouth Naval Ship Yard, which has an extraordinary program. Partnering with employers like these and others, more than 2,220 individuals in Maine worked actively on industry-recognized skill certifications in just the last year. That number—impressive as it is—remains insufficient to meet the needs of employers statewide. We must do all we can to ensure that an adequate pool of skilled workers is available. Our legislation would help achieve this goal by giving a $5,000 tax credit to businesses that hire appren-tices full time in high-demand mechan-ical, technical, healthcare, or tech-nology professions. In order for a busi-ness to claim the credit, the apprentice must be employed for at least 7 months. What we find is that the peo-ple who go through these apprentice-ship programs stay in these jobs, thus benefiting both the worker and the em-ployer. Our bill also provides incentives for experienced workers who spend at least 20 percent of their time passing their hard-earned knowledge on to the next generation. These workers would be al-lowed to receive some retirement in-come early without facing tax pen-alties. That is a way we can ensure that the experienced older worker is passing knowledge on to the next gen-eration. Finally, our bill would ensure that the brave men and women who defend our country are given credit for the skills they learned in the military while wearing our Nation’s uniform. Training received while serving in the Armed Forces would count toward an apprentice’s training requirement. This bill would help to better align the needs of our Nation’s employers with potential employees. It would pro-mote hiring and the creation of new jobs. It would enhance the skills that the people of our country need to ob-tain good-paying, secure employment. The Presiding Officer and I were talk-ing about this very issue at lunch today and the need to bridge that skills gap. I encourage all of my colleagues to support our bill, and I want to salute Senator C
ANTWELL for her leadership over many years in working on this issue. This is something that should unite us all—Democrats, Republicans, Independents. It is not a partisan issue; it is looking at ways that we can help more Americans secure good-paying jobs that will last them for a lifetime. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 1353. A bill to require States to automatically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal offices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the right to vote is among the most sacred rights guaranteed by our Constitution. It forms the foundation for our democ-racy and inspires countless people across the world still striving for a meaningful opportunity to engage in the political process and shape their fu-tures. My friend J
OHNLEWIS has often said that ‘‘the right to vote is the most powerful nonviolent tool we have in a democracy.’’ I could not agree more with him. America is a stronger and greater country when more Americans participate in our democracy. We are better when our citizens hold their elected representatives accountable and voice their opinions on the critical issues facing our Nation. We can take a historic step to foster even greater par-ticipation in our democracy simply by modernizing the way Americans reg-ister to vote. Today, I am proud to introduce the Automatic Voter Registration Act of 2017. This bill would require States to automatically register citizens who are eligible to vote when they interact with State and Federal agencies. Amer-icans would have the option of declin-ing automatic registration, but this bill would provide for a registration process that is easier for our citizens and one that is more efficient and ac-curate. The bill I introduce today stream-lines the voter registration process by providing for online registration and greater portability of registration when an individual moves to a different location in the same State. Under this bill, no one can be unfairly penalized for inadvertent registration, and pun-ishment is limited to cases of inten-tional registration fraud or illegal vot-ing. This bill also includes important privacy protections and makes clear that the information used to automati-cally register individuals will remain secure. These are commonsense re-forms that would not only help Ameri-cans vote but also help maintain accu-rate and up-to-date voter registration rolls. Last year, Vermont became one of the States leading the country on im-proving our citizens’ access to the bal-lot by becoming one of just eight States to approve automatic voter reg-istration. I want to commend Vermont secretary of state Jim Condos for his outstanding work on this issue and for the people of Vermont. State election officials estimate that tens of thousands of Vermonters will now be registered to vote because of this new law. Implementing these types of reforms nationwide will make America stronger and increase partici-pation of a broader electorate. A recent study by the Center for American Progress on Oregon’s automatic voter registration law that went into effect in January 2016 found that more than 272,000 people were added to voter rolls, and 98,000 of them were new voters in the November 2016 Presidential elec-tion. That is a remarkable success story, and hopefully other State legis-latures will take notice. The Brennan Center for Justice, which has been a leading voice protecting Americans’ right to vote, concluded in a 2015 report that a comprehensive, nationwide automatic voter registration plan has the potential to increase voter reg-istration by 50 million eligible voters. This would not only save money and increase accuracy, but it would also re-duce the potential for fraud and pro-tect the integrity of our elections. I would like to thank the Brennan Center for Justice for its work on this issue and for working with me on this bill. I would also like to thank Sen-ators D
URBIN and K LOBUCHAR for join-ing me as original cosponsors. Con-gressman B
RADY of Pennsylvania, the ranking member on the House Com-mittee on House Administration, has been a leader on this issue and has in-troduced a House companion bill. All members of Congress should sup-port this legislation. We should all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JN6.039 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3491 June 14, 2017 
strive to make sure that our constitu-ents have access to the ballot box and are able to have their voices heard. This is of course just one reform we must make to ensure that our citizens’ voting rights are protected. In the coming weeks, I intend to reintroduce legislation to restore the full protec-tions of the Voting Rights Act. It has now been almost 4 years since the Su-preme Court’s devastating decision in Shelby County v. Holder, and we have seen the effect of that disastrous ruling as States have attempted to enact dis-criminatory voter ID laws and other measures intended to prevent minority voters from going to the polls. That is disgraceful, and we must do better. Congress must act to ensure that mil-lions of Americans are not disenfranchised. The right to vote should not be a par-tisan issue. It is a right that forms the basis of our democracy, and it is in-cumbent on all Americans, Democratic and Republican, to ensure that no American’s right to vote is infringed. Modernizing our voter registration sys-tem is one significant step forward. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. R
UBIO): S.J. Res. 46. A joint resolution pro-posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States authorizing the Congress to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today, June 14, 2017 marks the 240th observ-ance of ‘‘Flag Day,’’ a day which com-memorates the adoption of the flag of the United States by a resolution of the Second Continental Congress in 1777. Deeply symbolic, our flag honors the sovereignty of each of our Nation’s 50 States and the great sacrifices many Americans have made to uphold its bedrock principles of freedom and lib-erty. The Department of Veterans Af-fairs estimates that over one million military service members have given their lives in the line of duty under our flag. Title 4 of United States Code, ‘‘The Flag Code’’ sets specific require-ments for the handling and display of the flag, as a sign of respect to the symbol of our Nation. In 1989, with a disappointing 5–4 vote, the U.S. Supreme Court held in Texas v. Johnson that the desecration of the United States flag was a form of free speech under the First Amendment to the Constitution. Here, Chief Justice Rehnquist rightly observed in his dis-sent that ‘‘the flag is not simply an-other ‘idea’ or ‘point of view’ com-peting for recognition in the market-place of ideas.’’ Justice Kennedy, in his majority concurrence, recognized that many would be dismayed by the court’s decision, and himself called the result distasteful. Yet, he explained that the court was bound to its decision accord-ing to the provisions of the Constitu-tion. The Supreme Court reaffirmed this decision in United States v. Eichman in 1990. It ruled, again by 5–4 vote, that as Constitutional free speech, desecration of the flag cannot be prohibited by Federal or State stat-ute. At the time of the Supreme Court’s ruling, 48 of the 50 States had enacted statutes prohibiting desecra-tion of the United States Flag. My resolution proposes an amend-ment to the Constitution, establishing Congressional authority to prohibit the desecration of the flag of the United States. This resolution initiates the process to amend the Constitution, which must be agreed to by two-thirds of both houses of Congress, and ratified by three-fourths of the States. A high bar to meet, similar legislation passed the House of Representatives in 2006, and fell short of passage in the Senate by only one vote. My resolution provides Congress with the authority that the Supreme Court decided it lacked in Texas v. Johnson and United States v. Eichman. This should remove any doubt in the mind of the Supreme Court on the Constitu-tionality of acts of flag desecration. A matter which has been long settled in the Court of public opinion. S.J. R ES. 46 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled (two-thirds of each House concurring therein), That the following article is proposed as an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, which shall be valid to all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution when ratified by the legis-latures of three-fourths of the several States within 7 years after the date of its submis-sion by the Congress: ‘‘A
RTICLE — ‘‘The Congress shall have power to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States.’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 235. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 236. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 237. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 238. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. H ELLER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 239. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 240. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. BROWN , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. R EED, Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. A LEXANDER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 722, supra. SA 241. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 242. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 243. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 244. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 245. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 246. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 247. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 248. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 249. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 232 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for himself, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
ORKER , and Mr. C ARDIN )) to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 250. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra. SA 251. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 252. Mr. WARNER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 232 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
RAPO (for himself, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. C
ARDIN )) to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 253. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 254. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 235. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.018 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3492 June 14, 2017 
him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 13. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO VIOLATIONS OF THE INF TREATY BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to any Russian person that the President determines, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) knowingly directs, implements, pro-vides support for, or otherwise participates in actions or projects of the Government of the Russian Federation that constitute a material breach of the INF Treaty; (2) is a successor entity to a person re-ferred to in paragraph (1); (3) owns or controls or is owned or con-trolled by a person referred to in paragraph (1); (4) forms an entity with the purpose of evading sanctions that would otherwise be imposed pursuant to paragraph (3); (5) is acting for or on behalf of a person re-ferred to in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4); or (6) knowingly provides or attempts to pro-vide financial, material, technological, or other support for, or goods or services in sup-port of, a person referred to in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4) or (5). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien. (c) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out that subsection shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. (2) R
USSIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Russian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of the Russian Federation; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the Russian Federation or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Government of the Russian Federation. 
SEC. 14. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS OF KASPERSKY LAB. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) F
OUNDERS , DIRECTORS , AND SENIOR COR -
PORATE LEADERSHIP .—The President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to any citizen or national of the Russian Federation that the President determines, on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, is a founder, director, or member of the senior corporate leadership of Kaspersky Lab. (2) EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS .—The President shall impose the sanctions described in sub-section (b)(2) with respect to any citizen or national of the Russian Federation that the President determines, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is an employee or agent of Kaspersky Lab. (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any in-dividual subject to subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any individual subject to subsection (a). (c) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out that subsection shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. 
SA 236. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 46, between lines 6 and 7, insert the following: 
SEC. 11. REPORT ON IRANIAN ACTIVITIES IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on Iranian activities in Iraq and Syria. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of Iran’s support for— (A) Iraqi militias or political parties, in-cluding weapons, financing, and other forms of material support; and (B) the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria; and (2) a list of referrals to the relevant United Nations Security Council sanctions commit-tees by the United States Permanent Rep-resentative to the United Nations. (c) F
ORM.—The President may submit the report required by subsection (a) in classified form if the President determines that it is necessary for the national security interests of the United States to do so. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Finance, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. SA 237. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 43, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 9. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN FOREIGN PER-SONS THREATENING PEACE OR STA-BILITY IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) S ANCTIONS REQUIRED .—The President shall impose the sanctions described in sub-section (b)(1) with respect to any foreign per-son that— (1) is responsible for or complicit in, or to have engaged in, directly or indirectly— (A) actions that threaten the peace, secu-rity, or stability of Iraq or Syria; (B) actions or policies that undermine ef-forts to promote economic reconstruction and political reform in Iraq; or (C) the obstruction of the delivery or dis-tribution of, or access to, humanitarian as-sistance to the people of Iraq or Syria; (2) has materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or techno-logical support for, or goods or services to or in support of, any activity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1); or (3) is owned or controlled by, or has acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, di-rectly or indirectly, a foreign person that has carried out any activity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) or paragraph (2). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (A) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The President shall block, in accordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person subject to subsection (a) if such property and inter-ests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMIS -
SION, OR PAROLE .— (i) E
XCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES .— The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien. (ii) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The issuing consular offi-cer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to an alien subject to subsection (a), regardless of when issued. (II) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under subclause (I) shall take effect imme-diately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.023 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3493 June 14, 2017 
section 202 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of the imposition of sanctions under this section. (3) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of paragraph (1)(A) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out that paragraph shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (4) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (c) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, on a case-by-case basis and for periods not to ex-ceed 180 days, waive the application of sanc-tions under this section with respect to a foreign person, and may renew the waiver for additional periods of not more than 180 days, if the President determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees at least 15 days before the waiver or renewal of the waiver is to take effect that the waiver is vital to the national security interests of the United States. (2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—A report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. (3) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this sub-section and any waivers issued pursuant to this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 3 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION AUTHORITY .—The President may exercise all authorities pro-vided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) for purposes of carrying out this section. (e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, promulgate regulations as necessary for the implementation of this sec-tion. (2) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 10 days before the promulgation of reg-ulations under paragraph (1), the President shall notify and provide to the appropriate congressional committees the proposed regu-lations and the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act that the regu-lations are implementing. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admit-ted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-mittee on Finance, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (3) FOREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means— (A) an individual who is not a United States person; (B) a corporation, partnership, or other nongovernmental entity that is not a United States person; or (C) any representative, agent or instru-mentality of, or an individual working on be-half of a foreign government. (4) G
OVERNMENT OF IRAQ .—The term ‘‘Gov-ernment of Iraq’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.310 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). (5) G
OVERNMENT OF SYRIA .—The term ‘‘Gov-ernment of Syria’’ has the meaning given that term in section 542.305 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). (6) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (7) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (8) P
ROPERTY ; PROPERTY INTEREST .—The terms ‘‘property’’ and ‘‘property interest’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 576.312 of title 31, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or any corresponding similar regula-tion or ruling). (9) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.319 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any cor-responding similar regulation or ruling). (g) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be effective beginning on January 1, 2022. 
SA 238. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE II—TREATMENT OF BOYCOTT, DI-VESTMENT, OR SANCTIONS ACTIVITIES TARGETING ISRAEL 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Combating BDS Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 202. NONPREEMPTION OF MEASURES BY STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS TO DIVEST FROM ENTITIES THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN BOYCOTT, DI-VESTMENT, OR SANCTIONS ACTIVI-TIES TARGETING ISRAEL. 
(a) S TATE AND LOCAL MEASURES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a State or local government may adopt and enforce measures that meet the requirements of sub-section (b) to divest the assets of the State or local government from, prohibit invest-ment of the assets of the State or local gov-ernment in, or restrict contracting by the State or local government for goods and services with— (1) an entity that the State or local gov-ernment determines, using credible informa-tion available to the public, knowingly en-gages in a commerce-related or investment- related boycott, divestment, or sanctions ac-tivity targeting Israel; (2) a successor entity or subunit of an enti-ty described in paragraph (1); or (3) an entity that owns or controls, is owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control with, an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1). (b) REQUIREMENTS .—A State or local gov-ernment that seeks to adopt or enforce a measure under subsection (a) shall meet the following requirements: (1) N
OTICE .—The State or local government shall provide written notice to each entity to which a measure under subsection (a) is to be applied. (2) T
IMING .—The measure shall apply to an entity not earlier than the date that is 90 days after the date on which written notice is provided to the entity under paragraph (1). (3) O
PPORTUNITY FOR COMMENT .—The State or local government shall provide an oppor-tunity to comment in writing to each entity to which a measure is to be applied. If the entity demonstrates to the State or local government that the entity has not engaged in a commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel, the measure shall not apply to the entity. (4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON AVOIDING ERRO -
NEOUS TARGETING .—It is the sense of Con-gress that a State or local government should not adopt a measure under subsection (a) with respect to an entity unless the State or local government has made every effort to avoid erroneously targeting the entity and has verified that the entity engages in a commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel. (c) N
OTICE TO DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), not later than 30 days after adopting a measure described in subsection (a), the State or local government that adopted the measure shall submit written notice to the Attorney General describing the measure. (2) E
XISTING MEASURES .—With respect to measures described in subsection (a) adopted before the date of the enactment of this Act, the State or local government that adopted the measure shall submit written notice to the Attorney General describing the measure not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) N
ONPREEMPTION .—A measure of a State or local government that is consistent with subsection (a) is not preempted by any Fed-eral law. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section applies to any measure adopted by a State or local government before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) P
RIOR ENACTED MEASURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section or any other provision of law, and except as provided in paragraph (2), a State or local government may enforce a measure described in sub-section (a) adopted by the State or local gov-ernment before the date of the enactment of this Act without regard to the requirements of subsection (b). (2) A
PPLICATION OF NOTICE AND OPPOR -
TUNITY FOR COMMENT .—A measure described in paragraph (1) shall be subject to the re-quirements of subsection (b) on and after the date that is 2 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) A
UTHORITY OF STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to abridge the au-thority of a State to issue and enforce rules governing the safety, soundness, and sol-vency of a financial institution subject to its jurisdiction or the business of insurance pur-suant to the Act of March 9, 1945 (59 Stat. 33, chapter 20; 15 U.S.C. 1011 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘McCarran-Ferguson Act’’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.025 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3494 June 14, 2017 
(2) P OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter the established policy of the United States con-cerning final status issues associated with the Arab-Israeli conflict, including border delineation, that can only be resolved through direct negotiations between the par-ties. (3) S
COPE OF NONPREEMPTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as estab-lishing a basis for preempting or implying preemption of State measures relating to boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel that are outside the scope of subsection (a). (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
SSETS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘assets’’ means any pension, retirement, annuity, or endow-ment fund, or similar instrument, that is controlled by a State or local government. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘‘assets’’ does not include employee benefit plans covered by title I of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). (2) B
OYCOTT , DIVESTMENT , OR SANCTIONS AC -
TIVITY TARGETING ISRAEL .—The term ‘‘boy-cott, divestment, or sanctions activity tar-geting Israel’’ means any activity that is in-tended to penalize, inflict economic harm on, or otherwise limit commercial relations with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israeli-controlled territories for purposes of coercing political action by, or imposing policy positions on, the Government of Israel. (3) E
NTITY .—The term ‘‘entity’’ includes— (A) any corporation, company, business as-sociation, partnership, or trust; and (B) any governmental entity or instrumen-tality of a government, including a multilat-eral development institution (as defined in section 1701(c)(3) of the International Finan-cial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c)(3))). (4) I
NVESTMENT .—The term ‘‘investment’’ includes— (A) a commitment or contribution of funds or property; (B) a loan or other extension of credit; and (C) the entry into or renewal of a contract for goods or services. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other terri-tory or possession of the United States. (6) S
TATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘State or local government’’ includes— (A) any State and any agency or instru-mentality thereof; (B) any local government within a State and any agency or instrumentality thereof; and (C) any other governmental instrumen-tality of a State or locality. 
SEC. 203. SAFE HARBOR FOR CHANGES OF IN-VESTMENT POLICIES BY ASSET MAN-AGERS. 
Section 13(c)(1) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–13(c)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) engage in any boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel described in section 202 of the Combating BDS Act of 2017.’’. 
SA 239. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 43, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON USE BY THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN OF COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT AND RELATED SERVICES FOR IL-LICIT MILITARY OR OTHER ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Iran is designated as the world’s fore-most state sponsor of terrorism and a direct threat to the national security of the United States and United States allies. (2) Iran, through its Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (in this section referred to as the ‘‘IRGC’’), provides material and financial support to foreign terrorist organizations, including Hamas, Hezbollah, and Kata’ib Hezbollah, as well as to the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria, which is responsible for more than 400,000 civilian deaths. (3) Iran has systematically employed its national air carrier, Iran Air, as well as nu-merous private and publicly owned Iranian and Syrian air carriers, including Mahan Air, to ferry weapons, troops, and military equipment on behalf of the IRGC and Iran’s Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logis-tics (in this section referred to as ‘‘MODAFL’’) to foreign terrorist organiza-tions and rogue regimes around the world. (4) On June 23, 2011, the United States De-partment of the Treasury designated Iran Air for the imposition of sanctions pursuant to Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of weapons of mass destruction delivery system proliferators and their supporters) for pro-viding material support and services to the IRGC, including shipping military-related equipment on behalf of the IRGC since 2006 and transporting rockets or missiles to Syria. (5) On January 16, 2016, Iran Air was re-moved from the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons by the Depart-ment of the Treasury even though Iran Air had not ceased its illicit and sanctionable activity. (6) Iran Air remains owned and operated by the Government of Iran and has, since Janu-ary 16, 2016, flown numerous unscheduled flights on well-known weapons supply routes between Iran and Syria. (7) In correspondence with Members of Congress, the Secretary of the Treasury has refused to confirm that Iran Air has ceased its illicit activity. In a November 23, 2016, letter to Representative Peter Roskam, Thomas Patrick Maloney, Senior Advisor in the Office of Legislative Affairs of the De-partment of the Treasury wrote: ‘‘The United States retains the ability to des-ignate any individual or entity that engages in sanctionable activities under our authori-ties targeting conduct outside the scope of the JCPOA, including Iran’s support for ter-rorism, human rights abuses, ballistic mis-sile program, and other destabilizing activi-ties in the region.’’. (8) Evidence supports that, despite being removed from the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons on January 16, 2016, Iran Air has continued its illicit and sanctionable activity in support of the IRGC, MODAFL, Hezbollah, and the Bashar al- Assad regime since January 16, 2016. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report on use by the Government of Iran of com-mercial aircraft and related services for il-licit military or other activities during— (1) in the case of the first report, the 5-year period preceding submission of the report; and (2) in the case of any subsequent report, the 180-day period preceding submission of the report. (c) ELEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired under subsection (b) shall include a description of the extent to which— (1) the Government of Iran has used com-mercial aircraft, including aircraft of Iran Air, or related services to transport illicit cargo to or from Iran, including military goods, weapons, military personnel, mili-tary-related electronic parts and mechanical equipment, or rocket or missile components; (2) the commercial aviation sector of Iran, including Iran Air, has provided financial, material, or technological support to the Is-lamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Iran’s Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logis-tics, the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria, Hezbollah, Hamas, Kata’ib Hezbollah, any other organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), or any person on the list of spe-cially designated nationals and blocked per-sons maintained by the Office of Foreign As-sets Control of the Department of the Treas-ury; and (3) foreign governments and persons have facilitated the activities described in para-graph (1), including allowing the use of air-ports, services, or other resources. (d) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATION .—If, in a re-port submitted under this section, the Presi-dent determines that Iran Air or any other Iranian commercial air carrier has used com-mercial aircraft for illicit military purposes on or after January 16, 2016, the President shall, not later than 90 days after making that determination, include the air carrier on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Of-fice of Foreign Assets Control of the Depart-ment of the Treasury. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (f) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be effective on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Con-gress that the Government of Iran has ceased providing support for acts of international terrorism. 
SA 240. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R EED, Mr. T
ILLIS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W
ARNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , and Mr. A LEXANDER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.024 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3495 June 14, 2017 
by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 13. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE STRATEGIC IMPORTANCE OF ARTICLE 5 OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The principle of collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) is immortalized in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty in which members pledge that ‘‘an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all’’. (2) For almost 7 decades, the principle of collective defense has effectively served as a strategic deterrent for the member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and provided stability throughout the world, strengthening the security of the United States and all 28 other member nations. (3) Following the September 11, 2001, ter-rorist attacks in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania, the Alliance agreed to invoke Article 5 for the first time, affirming its commitment to collective defense. (4) Countries that are members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization have made historic contributions and sacrifices while combating terrorism in Afghanistan through the International Security Assist-ance Force and the Resolute Support Mis-sion. (5) The recent attacks in the United King-dom underscore the importance of an inter-national alliance to combat hostile nation states and terrorist groups. (6) At the 2014 NATO summit in Wales, the member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization decided that all coun-tries that are members of NATO would spend an amount equal to 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. (7) Collective defense unites the 29 mem-bers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, each committing to protecting and sup-porting one another from external adver-saries, which bolsters the North Atlantic Al-liance. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate— (1) to express the vital importance of Arti-cle 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, the char-ter of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, as it continues to serve as a critical de-terrent to potential hostile nations and ter-rorist organizations; (2) to remember the first and only invoca-tion of Article 5 by the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization in support of the United States after the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001; (3) to affirm that the United States re-mains fully committed to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and will honor its obli-gations enshrined in Article 5; and (4) to condemn any threat to the sov-ereignty, territorial integrity, freedom, or democracy of any country that is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
SA 241. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end, add the following: TITLE II—ISRAEL ANTI-BOYCOTT ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Israel Anti- Boycott Act’’. 
SEC. 202. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The United Nations Human Rights Council (in this section referred to as the ‘‘UNHRC’’) has long targeted Israel with sys-tematic, politically motivated, assaults on its legitimacy designed to stigmatize and isolate Israel internationally. (2) The UNHRC maintains a permanent agenda item known as ‘‘Item 7’’ to ensure that Israel will be criticized at every gath-ering of the UNHRC. (3) At its 31st session on March 24, 2016, the UNHRC targeted Israel with a commercial boycott, calling for the establishment of a database, such as a ‘‘blacklist’’, of companies that operate, or have business relations with entities that operate, beyond Israel’s 1949 Ar-mistice lines, including East Jerusalem. (4) At its 32nd session in March 2017, the UNHRC is considering a resolution pursuant to agenda item 7 to withhold assistance from and prevent trade with ‘‘territories occupied since 1967’’, including East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and the Golan Heights, stating that businesses that engage in economic ac-tivity in those areas could face civil or criminal legal action. (5) For a half century, Congress has com-bated anti-Israel boycotts and other dis-criminatory activity under the Export Ad-ministration Act of 1979 (as continued in ef-fect pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), under part VI of title X of the Tax Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–455; 90 Stat. 1649) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Ribicoff Amendment’’), in free trade agree-ments with Bahrain and Oman, and in Saudi Arabia’s accession negotiations to the World Trade Organization. (6) The recent action of the UNHRC is reminiscent of the Arab League Boycott, which also called for the establishment of a ‘‘blacklist’’ and promoted a primary, as well as a secondary and tertiary, boycott against Israel, targeting United States and other companies that trade or invest with or in Israel, designed to harm Israel, any business operating in, or doing business with, Israel, or companies that do business with compa-nies operating in Israel. (7) Congress recently passed anti-boycott, divestment, and sanctions measures in the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.) and section 909 of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4452), which establish, among other things— (A) the opposition of the United States to actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel; (B) requirements that the United States utilize trade negotiations to combat state- led or international governmental organiza-tion-led actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel; and (C) reporting requirements regarding the actions of foreign countries or international organizations that establish barriers to trade or investment for United States companies in or with Israel. 
SEC. 203. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Congress— (1) opposes the United Nations Human Rights Council resolution of March 24, 2016, which urges countries to pressure their own companies to divest from, or break contracts with, Israel, and calls for the creation of a ‘‘blacklist’’ of companies that either oper-ate, or have business relations with entities that operate, beyond Israel’s 1949 Armistice lines, including East Jerusalem; (2) views such policies as actions to boy-cott, divest from, or sanction Israel; and (3) in order to counter the effects of ac-tions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel, encourages full implementation of the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296; 128 Stat. 4075) through enhanced, governmentwide, coordi-nated United States-Israel scientific and technological cooperation in civilian areas such as with respect to energy, water, agri-culture, alternative fuel technology, civilian space technology, and security. SEC. 204. ADDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS RELATING TO FOREIGN BOYCOTTS UNDER EX-PORT ADMINISTRATION ACT OF 1979. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—Section 3(5) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4602(5)) (as continued in effect pursu-ant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) to oppose— ‘‘(i) restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by foreign countries, or requests to impose restrictive trade prac-tices or boycotts by foreign countries, against other countries friendly to the United States or against any United States person; and ‘‘(ii) restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any international governmental organization against Israel or requests to impose restrictive trade prac-tices or boycotts by any international gov-ernmental organization against Israel;’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘which have the effect’’ and all the follows and in-serting the following: ‘‘which have the effect of furthering or supporting— ‘‘(i) restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any foreign country, or requests to impose restrictive trade prac-tices or boycotts by any foreign country, against a country friendly to the United States or against any United States person; and ‘‘(ii) restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any international governmental organization against Israel or requests to impose restrictive trade prac-tices or boycotts by any international gov-ernmental organization against Israel; and’’. (b) F
OREIGN BOYCOTTS .—Section 8 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4607) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, or request to impose any boycott by a foreign country,’’ after ‘‘a for-eign country’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, or support any boycott fostered or imposed by any international governmental organization against Israel or request to impose any boycott by any inter-national governmental organization against Israel’’ after ‘‘pursuant to United States law or regulation’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or international governmental organization (as the case may be)’’ after ‘‘of the boycotting country’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, or requesting the fur-nishing of information,’’ after ‘‘Furnishing information’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.026 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3496 June 14, 2017 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or with the international governmental organization (as the case may be)’’ after ‘‘in the boycotting country’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, or requests to impose restrictive trade practices or boycotts by foreign countries,’’ after ‘‘foreign countries’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or restrictive trade prac-tices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any international governmental organization against Israel or requests to impose restric-tive trade practices or boycotts by any inter-national governmental organization against Israel’’ before the period at the end. (c) V
IOLATIONS OF SECTION 8(a).—Section 11 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4610) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or (j)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) V
IOLATIONS OF SECTION 8(a).—Whoever knowingly violates or conspires to or at-tempts to violate any provision of section 8(a) or any regulation, order, or license issued thereunder shall be fined in accord-ance with section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705).’’. (d) D
EFINITION OF INTERNATIONAL GOVERN -
MENTAL ORGANIZATION .—Section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) the term ‘international governmental organization’ includes the United Nations and the European Union;’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to actions described in section 8(a) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) taken or knowingly agreed to be taken on or after such date of enactment. (f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President shall implement the amendments made by this section by exercising the authorities of the President under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 205. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES RELAT-ING TO BOYCOTT OF ISRAEL UNDER EXPORT-IMPORT BANK ACT OF 1945. 
Section 2(b)(1)(B) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(B)) is amended in the sixth sentence by inserting after ‘‘child labor),’’ the following: ‘‘or op-posing policies and actions that are politi-cally motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations spe-cifically with citizens or residents of Israel, entities organized under the laws of Israel, or the Government of Israel,’’. 
SEC. 206. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In this title: (1) A
CTIONS TO BOYCOTT , DIVEST FROM , OR 
SANCTION ISRAEL .—The term ‘‘actions to boy-cott, divest from, or sanction Israel’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(b)(20)(B) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4201(b)(20)(B)). (2) I
NTERNATIONAL GOVERNMENTAL ORGANI -
ZATION .—The term ‘‘international govern-mental organization’’ includes the United Nations and the European Union. (3) POLITICALLY MOTIVATED .—The term ‘‘politically motivated’’ means actions to impede or constrain commerce with Israel that are intended to coerce political action from or impose policy positions on Israel. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter the established policy of the United States or to establish new United States policy con-cerning final status issues associated with the Arab-Israeli conflict, including border delineation, that can only be resolved through direct negotiations between the par-ties. 
SA 242. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 13. FOREIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION MOD-ERNIZATION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Agents Registration Modernization and Enforcement Act’’. (b) C
IVIL INVESTIGATIVE DEMAND AUTHOR -
ITY.—The Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 as sections 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 15, respectively; and (2) by inserting after section 7 (22 U.S.C. 617) the following: ‘‘
CIVIL INVESTIGATIVE DEMAND AUTHORITY  ‘‘S
EC. 8. (a) Whenever the Attorney General has reason to believe that any person or en-terprise may be in possession, custody, or control of any documentary material rel-evant to an investigation under this Act, the Attorney General, before initiating a civil or criminal proceeding with respect to the pro-duction of such material, may serve a writ-ten demand upon such person to produce such material for examination. ‘‘(b) Each such demand under this section shall— ‘‘(1) state the nature of the conduct consti-tuting the alleged violation which is under investigation and the provision of law appli-cable to such violation; ‘‘(2) describe the class or classes of docu-mentary material required to be produced under such demand with such definiteness and certainty as to permit such material to be fairly identified; ‘‘(3) state that the demand is immediately returnable or prescribe a return date which will provide a reasonable period within which the material may be assembled and made available for inspection and copying or reproduction; and ‘‘(4) identify the custodian to whom such material shall be made available. ‘‘(c) A demand under this section may not— ‘‘(1) contain any requirement that would be considered unreasonable if contained in a subpoena duces tecum issued by a court of the United States in aid of grand jury inves-tigation of such alleged violation; or ‘‘(2) require the production of any docu-mentary evidence that would be privileged from disclosure if demanded by a subpoena duces tecum issued by a court of the United States in aid of a grand jury investigation of such alleged violation.’’. (c) I
NFORMATIONAL MATERIALS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1 of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended (22 U.S.C. 611) is amended— (A) in subsection (1), by striking ‘‘Expect’’ and inserting ‘‘Except’’; and (B) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) The term ‘informational materials’ means any oral, visual, graphic, written, or pictorial information or matter of any kind, including matter published by means of ad-vertising, books, periodicals, newspapers, lectures, broadcasts, motion pictures, or any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or otherwise.’’. (2) INFORMATIONAL MATERIALS .—Section 4 of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended (22 U.S.C. 614) is amended— (A) in section (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, including electronic mail and social media,’’ after ‘‘United States mails’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, not later than forty- eight hours after the beginning of the trans-mittal thereof, file with the Attorney Gen-eral two copies thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘file such materials with the Attorney General in conjunction with, and at the same intervals as, disclosures required under section 2(b).’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘It shall’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall’’; and (ii) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Foreign agents described in paragraph (1) may omit disclosure required under that paragraph in individual messages, posts, or transmissions on social media on behalf of a foreign principal if the social media account or profile from which the information is sent includes a conspicuous statement that— ‘‘(A) the account is operated by, and dis-tributes information on behalf of, the foreign agent; and ‘‘(B) additional information about the ac-count is on file with the Department of Jus-tice in Washington, District of Columbia. ‘‘(3) Informational materials disseminated by an agent of a foreign principal as part of an activity that is exempt from registration, or an activity which by itself would not re-quire registration, need not be filed under this subsection.’’. (d) F
EES.— (1) R
EPEAL .—The Department of Justice and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (title I of Public Law 102–395) is amend-ed, under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EX -
PENSES , GENERAL LEGAL ACTIVITIES ’’, by striking ‘‘In addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, for fiscal year 1993 and there-after, the Attorney General shall establish and collect fees to recover necessary ex-penses of the Registration Unit (to include salaries, supplies, equipment and training) pursuant to the Foreign Agents Registration Act, and shall credit such fees to this appro-priation, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. (2) R
EGISTRATION FEE .—The Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended (22 U.S.C. 611 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
FEES ‘‘S
EC. 16. The Attorney General shall estab-lish and collect a registration fee, as part of the initial filing requirement and at no other time, to help defray the expenses of the Reg-istration Unit, and shall credit such fees to this appropriation, to remain available until expended.’’. (e) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 12 of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, as redesignated by subsection (b), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
REPORTS TO CONGRESS  ‘‘S
EC. 12. The Assistant Attorney General for National Security, through the FARA Registration Unit of the Counterintelligence and Export Control Section, shall submit a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.026 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3497 June 14, 2017 
semiannual report to Congress regarding the administration of this Act, including, for the reporting period, the identification of— ‘‘(1) registrations filed pursuant to this Act; ‘‘(2) the nature, sources, and content of po-litical propaganda disseminated and distrib-uted by agents of foreign principal; ‘‘(3) the number of investigations initiated based upon a perceived violation of section 7; and ‘‘(4) the number of such investigations that were referred to the Attorney General for prosecution.’’. 
SA 243. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS WITH IRAN AND BLOCKING OF PROPERTY WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT FACILITATE CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS WITH IRAN. 
(a) P ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .— (1) I
SSUANCE OF LICENSES TO CONDUCT OFF -
SHORE DOLLAR CLEARING .—The President may not issue any license under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to an offshore dollar clearing en-tity to conduct a transaction with an Iranian financial institution in United States dol-lars. (2) U-
TURN TRANSACTIONS .—Notwith- standing section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act), a United States person may not process any transfer of funds to or from Iran, or for the direct or indirect benefit of persons in Iran or the Government of Iran, even if the trans-fer arises from, and is ordinarily incident and necessary to give effect to, an under-lying transaction. (b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY OF FOREIGN FI-
NANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .—The President shall, in accordance with the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any foreign financial institution that serves as an offshore dollar clearing entity to con-duct a transaction with an Iranian financial institution in United States dollars if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (c) R
EPORT BEFORE PROVIDING IRANACCESS  
TO THE UNITED STATES DOLLAR .—Not later than 30 days before the President imple-ments any measure that would provide ac-cess to the United States dollar to the Gov-ernment of Iran or an Iranian person, the President shall submit to Congress a report that describes the measure. (d) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate only on the date on which the termi-nation criteria in the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.) has been met and the Secretary of State certifies to Congress that Iran is no longer a state spon-sor of terrorism (as defined in section 301 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8541)). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) FOREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning of that term as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to sec-tion 104(i) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513(i)). (2) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘Iranian financial institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 104A(d) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Ac-countability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513b(d)). 
SEC. ll. CONSOLIDATION OF REPORTS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2160e), each report re-quired by this Act or such section 135 to be submitted to a committee or member of Con-gress on an on-going basis shall be combined in one report that is submitted to each such committee or member once every 180 days. 
SA 244. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS WITH IRAN AND BLOCKING OF PROPERTY WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT FACILITATE CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS WITH IRAN. 
(a) P ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .— (1) I
SSUANCE OF LICENSES TO CONDUCT OFF -
SHORE DOLLAR CLEARING .—The President may not issue any license under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to an offshore dollar clearing en-tity to conduct a transaction with an Iranian financial institution in United States dol-lars. (2) U-
TURN TRANSACTIONS .—Notwith- standing section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act), a United States person may not process any transfer of funds to or from Iran, or for the direct or indirect benefit of persons in Iran or the Government of Iran, even if the trans-fer arises from, and is ordinarily incident and necessary to give effect to, an under-lying transaction. (b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY OF FOREIGN FI-
NANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .—The President shall, in accordance with the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any foreign financial institution that serves as an offshore dollar clearing entity to con-duct a transaction with an Iranian financial institution in United States dollars if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (c) R
EPORT BEFORE PROVIDING IRANACCESS  
TO THE UNITED STATES DOLLAR .—Not later than 30 days before the President imple-ments any measure that would provide ac-cess to the United States dollar to the Gov-ernment of Iran or an Iranian person, the President shall submit to Congress a report that describes the measure. (d) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate only on the date on which the termi-nation criteria in the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.) has been met and the Secretary of State certifies to Congress that Iran is no longer a state spon-sor of terrorism (as defined in section 301 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8541)). (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning of that term as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to sec-tion 104(i) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513(i)). (2) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘Iranian financial institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 104A(d) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Ac-countability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513b(d)). 
SEC. ll. CONSOLIDATION OF REPORTS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2160e), each report re-quired by this Act or such section 135 to be submitted to a committee or member of Con-gress on an on-going basis shall be combined in one report that is submitted to each such committee or member once every 180 days. 
SA 245. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 37, strike lines 10 through 20, and insert the following: (4) The IRGC meets the criteria for des-ignation as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (b) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to the IRGC and foreign persons that are officials, agents, or affiliates of the IRGC. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are sanctions ap-plicable with respect to— (1) a foreign person pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and prohibiting trans-actions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism); and (2) an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
SA 246. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 43, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON BOOK ENTRY TRANSFERS CONDUCTED BY FINANCIAL INSTITU-TIONS IN CONNECTION WITH ASSETS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.027 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3498 June 14, 2017 
(1) An analysis of the legality of overseas book entry transfers conducted by financial institutions present in the United States in connection with assets in which the Govern-ment of Iran, or an agency or instrumen-tality of the Government of Iran, holds a beneficial ownership interest, under— (A) Executive Order 13599 (77 Fed. Reg. 6659; relating to Blocking property of the Govern-ment of Iran and Iranian financial institu-tions); (B) part 560 of title 31, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (commonly known as the ‘‘Iranian Transactions and Sanctions Regulations’’); or (C) any other relevant statutes, executive orders, regulations, or judicial orders. (2) Recommendations, if any, on how to maintain the integrity of United States sanctions and other financial regulations in light of transfers described in paragraph (1). (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘financial institution’’ means any entity engaged in the business of dealing with monetary transactions, including banks, trust companies, insurance compa-nies, brokerage firms, investment dealers, securities intermediaries, central securities depositories, and post trade services pro-viders. (2) The term ‘‘overseas book entry trans-fers’’ means a transaction in which cash is not moved from an account in the United States to an account overseas by wire or other analogous method, but instead is made accessible to an overseas client of a financial institution carrying out the transaction by entry of debits and credits in books or ledg-ers internal to that financial institution. (3) The term ‘‘present in the United States’’, with respect to a financial institu-tion, means that the financial institution has sufficient nexus with the United States so as to be subject to the regulatory author-ity of the Department of the Treasury. 
SA 247. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 43, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 9. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO IRAN RELATING TO SIGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING UNITED STATES CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION .—The President shall initiate an investigation into the possible designation of an Iranian person under sub-section (b) upon receipt by the President of credible information indicating that the per-son has engaged in conduct described in sub-section (b). (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The President shall des-ignate under this subsection any Iranian per-son that the President determines has know-ingly— (1) engaged in significant activities under-mining United States cybersecurity con-ducted by the Government of Iran; or (2) acted for or on behalf of the Govern-ment of Iran in connection with such activi-ties. (c) S
ANCTIONS .—The President shall block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any Iranian per-son designated under subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (d) SUSPENSION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may sus-pend the application of sanctions under sub-section (c) with respect to an Iranian person only if the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees in writing a certification described in paragraph (2) and a detailed justification for the certification. (2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A certification described in this paragraph with respect to an Iranian person is a certification by the President that— (i) the person has not, during the 12-month period immediately preceding the date of the certification, knowingly engaged in activi-ties that would qualify the person for des-ignation under subsection (b); and (ii) the person is not expected to resume any such activities. (B) F
ORM OF CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation described in subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may in-clude a classified annex. (e) R
EIMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—If sanc- tions are suspended with respect to an Ira-nian person under subsection (d), such sanc-tions shall be reinstated if the President de-termines that the person has resumed the ac-tivity that resulted in the initial imposition of sanctions or has engaged in any other ac-tivity subject to sanctions relating to the in-volvement of the person in significant activi-ties undermining United States cybersecu-rity on behalf of the Government of Iran. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.), or any other provision of law. (g) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes signifi-cant activities undermining United States cybersecurity conducted by the Government of Iran, a person owned or controlled, di-rectly or indirectly, by that Government, or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the extent to which a foreign government has provided material support to the Government of Iran, to any person owned or controlled, directly or indi-rectly, by that Government, or to any person acting for or on behalf of that Government, in connection with the conduct of significant activities undermining United States cyber-security. (B) A strategy to counter efforts by Iran to conduct significant activities undermining United States cybersecurity that includes a description of efforts to engage foreign gov-ernments in preventing the Government of Iran, persons owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Government, and persons acting for or on behalf of that Government from conducting significant activities under-mining United States cybersecurity. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in an un-classified form but may include a classified annex. (h) C
YBERSECURITY DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘cybersecurity’’ means the activity or process, ability or capability, or state whereby information and communica-tions systems and the information contained therein are protected from or defended against damage, unauthorized use or modi-fication, or exploitation. SA 248. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s bal-listic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and viola-tions of human rights, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SEMIANNUAL REPORT ON IRAN AND NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR AND BAL-LISTIC MISSILE COOPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Iran developed a close working relation-ship with North Korea on many ballistic missile programs, dating back to an acquisi-tion of Scud missiles from North Korea in the mid-1980s. (2) By the mid-1980s North Korea reverse- engineered Scud B missiles originally re-ceived from Egypt, and developed the 500-kil-ometer range Scud C missile in 1991, and sold both the Scud B and Scud C, as well as mis-sile production technology, to Iran. (3) In 1992, then-Director of the Central In-telligence Robert Gates, in testimony to Congress, identified Iran as a recipient of North Korean Scud missiles. (4) In 1993, then-Director of Central Intel-ligence James Woolsey provided more detail, stating that North Korea had sold Iran ex-tended range Scud C missiles and agreed to sell other forms of missile technology. (5) Annual threat assessments from the in-telligence community during the 1990s showed that North Korea’s ongoing export of ballistic missiles provided a qualitative in-crease in capabilities to countries such as Iran. (6) The same threat assessments noted that Iran was using North Korean ballistic mis-sile goods and services to achieve its goal of self-sufficiency in the production of medium- range ballistic missiles. (7) The intelligence community assessed in the 1990s that Iran’s acquisition of missile systems or key missile-related components could improve Iran’s ability to produce an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). (8) Throughout the 2000s, the intelligence community continued to assess that North Korean cooperation with Iran’s ballistic mis-sile program was ongoing and significant. (10) North Korea built the nuclear reactor in Syria that was bombed in 2007. Syria failed to report the construction of the reac-tor to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which was Syria’s obligation under its safeguards agreement with the agency. (11) Official sources confirm that Iran and North Korea have engaged in various forms of clandestine nuclear cooperation. (12) North Korea and Iran obtained designs and materials related to uranium enrich-ment from a clandestine procurement net-work run by Abdul Qadeer Khan. (13) In the early 2000s, North Korea ex-ported, with the assistance of Abdul Qadeer Khan, uranium hexafluoride (UF6) gas to Libya, which was intended to be used in Libya’s clandestine nuclear weapons pro-gram. (14) On January 6, 2016, North Korea con-ducted its fourth nuclear weapons test. (15) On September 9, 2016, North Korea con-ducted its fifth nuclear weapons test. (16) Iranian officials reportedly traveled to North Korea to witness its three previous nu-clear tests in 2006, 2009, and 2013. (17) Before North Korea’s 2013 test, a senior American official was quoted as saying ‘‘it’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.028 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3499 June 14, 2017 
very possible that North Koreans are testing for two countries’’. (18) In September 2012, Iran and North Korea signed an agreement for technological and scientific cooperation. (19) In an April 2015 interview with CNN, then-Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said that North Korea and Iran ‘‘could be’’ cooperating to develop a nuclear weapon. (20) On March 11, 2017, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats provided written tes-timony to Congress that stated that Pyongyang’s ‘‘export of ballistic missiles and associated materials to several countries, in-cluding Iran and Syria, and its assistance to Syria’s construction of a nuclear reactor . . . illustrate its willingness to proliferate dan-gerous technologies’’. (21) A 2016 Congressional Research Service report confirmed that ‘‘ballistic missile technology cooperation between the two [Iran and North Korea] is significant and meaningful’’. (22) Admiral Bill Gortney, Commander of United States Northern Command, testified to Congress on April 14, 2016, that ‘‘Iran’s continuing pursuit of long-range missile ca-pabilities and ballistic missile and space launch programs, in defiance of United Na-tions Security Council resolutions, remains a serious concern’’. (23) There is substantial evidence that Iran and North Korea are working together on nu-clear weapons development. (24) Since the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–277) repealed requirements for the intelligence community to provide unclassified annual report to Congress on the ‘‘Acquisition of Technology Relating to Weapons of Mass De-struction and Advanced Conventional Muni-tions’’, the number of unclassified reports to Congress on nuclear-weapons issues de-creased considerably. (25) Absent these reports, the President has not been required to detail to Congress the assessment of cooperation between North Korea and Iran on nuclear weapon or bal-listic missile development. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ballistic missile programs of Iran and North Korea represent a serious threat to allies of the United States in the Middle East, Europe, and Asia, members of the Armed Forces deployed in those regions, and ultimately the United States; (2) further cooperation between Iran and North Korea on nuclear weapons or ballistic missile technology is not in the security in-terests of the United States or our allies; (3) United Nations Security Council Reso-lution 2231 (2015), which was unanimously adopted by the United Nations Security Council and supported by the international community, called upon Iran not to under-take any activity related to ballistic mis-siles designed to be capable of delivering nu-clear weapons, including launches of such missiles, for an eight year period beginning in 2015; and (4) the Director of National Intelligence has assessed that Iran would use ballistic missiles as its ‘‘preferred method of deliv-ering nuclear weapons’’ which could eventu-ally threaten the United States. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President, in coordination with the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other relevant agencies, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that includes an assessment of the ex-tent of cooperation on nuclear programs, ballistic missile development, chemical and biological weapons development, or conven-tional weapons programs between the Gov-ernment of Iran and the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea, including the identity of Iranian and North Korean persons that have knowingly engaged in or directed the provision of mate-rial support or the exchange of information (including through the transfer of goods, services, technology, or intellectual prop-erty) between the Government of Iran and the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea; (2) And a determination whether any of the activities described in paragraph (1) violate United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), 2094 (2013), 2231 (2015), 2270 (2016) and 2321 (2016). (3) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (4) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 249. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 232 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. C
ARDIN )) to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 62 of the amendment, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: (3) Activities of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. At the end of the amendment, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 292. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON PROCURE-MENT OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES RELATING TO SPACE LAUNCHES. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title shall be construed to au-thorize the imposition of any sanction or other condition, limitation, restriction, or prohibition, that directly or indirectly im-pedes the supply by any entity of the Rus-sian Federation of any product or service, or the procurement of such product or service by any contractor or subcontractor of the United States or any other entity, relating to or in connection with any space launch conducted for— (1) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; (2) the Department of Defense; or (3) any other person. 
SA 250. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s bal-listic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and viola-tions of human rights, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. EXCEPTION RELATING TO ACTIVITIES OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall not apply with respect to activities of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to authorize the im-position of any sanction or other condition, limitation, restriction, or prohibition, that directly or indirectly impedes the supply by any entity of the Russian Federation of any product or service, or the procurement of such product or service by any contractor or subcontractor of the United States or any other entity, relating to or in connection with any space launch conducted for— (1) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; (2) the Department of Defense; or (3) any other person. 
SA 251. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SECTION 2. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize the imposition of any sanction or any other condition, limitation, restriction, or prohibition, that directly or indirectly impedes the supply by any Russian Federa-tion entity of any product or service, or the procurement of such product or service, by any United States contractor or subcon-tractor or any other entity, related to or in connection with any space launch conducted for the Federal Government or under a fed-eral contract 
SA 252. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 232 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO (for him-self, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. C
ARDIN )) to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 62 of the amendment, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: (3) Activities of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. At the end of the amendment, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 292. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON PROCURE-MENT OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES RELATING TO SPACE LAUNCHES. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title shall be construed to au-thorize the imposition of any sanction or other condition, limitation, restriction, or prohibition, that directly or indirectly im-pedes the supply by any entity of the Rus-sian Federation of any product or service, or the procurement of such product or service by any contractor or subcontractor of the United States or any other entity, relating to or in connection with any space launch conducted for— (1) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; (2) the Department of Defense; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.029 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3500 June 14, 2017 
(3) any non-United States Government per-son. 
SA 253. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activi-ties Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Regional strategy for countering con-ventional and asymmetric Ira-nian threats in the Middle East and North Africa. Sec. 4. Imposition of additional sanctions in response to Iran’s ballistic mis-sile program. Sec. 5. Imposition of terrorism-related sanc-tions with respect to the IRGC. Sec. 6. Imposition of additional sanctions with respect to persons respon-sible for human rights abuses. Sec. 7. Enforcement of arms embargos. Sec. 8. Continuation in effect of sanctions for Iranian support relating to terrorism and Iran’s ballistic missile program. Sec. 9. Review of applicability of sanctions relating to Iran’s support for terrorism and its ballistic mis-sile program. Sec. 10. Report on coordination of sanctions between the United States and the European Union. Sec. 11. Report on United States citizens de-tained by Iran. Sec. 12. Exceptions for national security and humanitarian assistance; rule of construction. Sec. 13. Waiver authority; termination of sanctions. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
CT OF INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘act of international terrorism’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (3) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (4) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of Iran; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Government of Iran. (5) IRGC.—The term ‘‘IRGC’’ means Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. (6) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (7) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. SEC. 3. REGIONAL STRATEGY FOR COUNTERING CONVENTIONAL AND ASYMMETRIC IRANIAN THREATS IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy for deterring conven-tional and asymmetric Iranian activities and threats that directly threaten the United States and key allies in the Middle East, North Africa, and beyond. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include at a minimum the following: (1) A summary of the near- and long-term United States objectives, plans, and means for countering Iran’s destabilizing activities, including identification of countries that share the objective of countering Iran’s de-stabilizing activities. (2) A summary of the capabilities and con-tributions of individual countries to shared efforts to counter Iran’s destabilizing activi-ties, and a summary of additional actions or contributions that each country could take to further contribute. (3) An assessment of Iran’s conventional force capabilities and an assessment of Iran’s plans to upgrade its conventional force capa-bilities, including its acquisition, develop-ment, and deployment of ballistic and cruise missile capabilities, unmanned aerial vehi-cles, and maritime offensive and anti-access or area denial capabilities. (4) An assessment of Iran’s chemical and biological weapons capabilities and an as-sessment of Iranian plans to upgrade its chemical or biological weapons capabilities. (5) An assessment of Iran’s asymmetric ac-tivities in the region, including— (A) the size, capabilities, and activities of the IRGC, including the Quds Force; (B) the size, capabilities, and activities of Iran’s cyber operations; (C) the types and amount of support, in-cluding funding, lethal and nonlethal con-tributions, and training, provided to Hezbollah, Hamas, special groups in Iraq, the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria, Houthi fighters in Yemen, and other violent groups across the Middle East; and (D) the scope and objectives of Iran’s infor-mation operations and use of propaganda. (6) A summary of United States actions, unilaterally and in cooperation with foreign governments, to counter destabilizing Ira-nian activities, including— (A) interdiction of Iranian lethal arms bound for groups designated as foreign ter-rorist organizations under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); (B) Iran’s interference in international commercial shipping lanes; (C) attempts by Iran to undermine or sub-vert internationally recognized governments in the Middle East region; and (D) Iran’s support for the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria, including— (i) financial assistance, military equip-ment and personnel, and other support pro-vided to that regime; and (ii) support and direction to other armed actors that are not Syrian or Iranian and are acting on behalf of that regime. (c) F
ORM OF STRATEGY .—The strategy re-quired by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a clas-sified annex. SEC. 4. IMPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS IN RESPONSE TO IRAN’S BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to any person that the President determines, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) knowingly engages in any activity that materially contributes to the activities of the Government of Iran with respect to its ballistic missile program, or any other pro-gram in Iran for developing, deploying, or maintaining systems capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction, including any efforts to manufacture, acquire, possess, de-velop, transport, transfer, or use such capa-bilities; (2) is a successor entity to a person re-ferred to in paragraph (1); (3) owns or controls or is owned or con-trolled by a person referred to in paragraph (1); (4) forms an entity with the purpose of evading sanctions that would otherwise be imposed pursuant to paragraph (3); (5) is acting for or on behalf of a person re-ferred to in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4); or (6) knowingly provides or attempts to pro-vide financial, material, technological, or other support for, or goods or services in sup-port of, a person referred to in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4) or (5). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien. (c) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out that subsection shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (d) R
EPORT ON CONTRIBUTIONS TO IRAN’S B
ALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report describing each person that— (A) has, during the period specified in para-graph (2), conducted any activity that has materially contributed to the activities of the Government of Iran with respect to its ballistic missile program, or any other pro-gram in Iran for developing, deploying, or maintaining systems capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction, including any efforts to manufacture, acquire, possess, de-velop, transport, transfer, or use such capa-bilities; (B) is a successor entity to a person re-ferred to in subparagraph (A); (C) owns or controls or is owned or con-trolled by a person referred to in subpara-graph (A); (D) forms an entity with the purpose of evading sanctions that could be imposed as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.032 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3501 June 14, 2017 
result of a relationship described in subpara-graph (C); (E) is acting for or on behalf of a person re-ferred to in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D); or (F) is known or believed to have provided, or attempted to provide, during the period specified in paragraph (2), financial, mate-rial, technological, or other support for, or goods or services in support of, any material contribution to a program described in sub-paragraph (A) carried out by a person de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E). (2) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified in this paragraph is— (A) in the case of the first report submitted under paragraph (1), the period beginning January 1, 2016, and ending on the date the report is submitted; and (B) in the case of a subsequent such report, the 180-day period preceding the submission of the report. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 5. IMPOSITION OF TERRORISM-RELATED SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE IRGC. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The IRGC is subject to sanctions pursu-ant to Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of weap-ons of mass destruction delivery system proliferators and their supporters), the Com-prehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.), Executive Order 13553 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons with respect to serious human rights abuses by the Government of Iran), and Ex-ecutive Order 13606 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relat-ing to blocking the property and suspending entry into the United States of certain per-sons with respect to grave human rights abuses by the Governments of Iran and Syria via information technology). (2) The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps–Quds Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘IRGC–QF’’) is the primary arm of the Government of Iran for executing its policy of supporting terrorist and insurgent groups. The IRGC–QF provides material, logistical assistance, training, and financial support to militants and terrorist operatives through-out the Middle East and South Asia and was designated for the imposition of sanctions by the Secretary of Treasury pursuant to Exec-utive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relat-ing to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism) in October 2007 for its support of terrorism. (3) The IRGC, not just the IRGC–QF, is re-sponsible for implementing Iran’s inter-national program of destabilizing activities, support for acts of international terrorism, and ballistic missile program. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to the IRGC and foreign persons that are officials, agents, or affiliates of the IRGC. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are sanctions ap-plicable with respect to a foreign person pur-suant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism). SEC. 6. IMPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO PERSONS RE-SPONSIBLE FOR HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a list of each person the Secretary determines, based on credible evidence, on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act— (1) is responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights com-mitted against individuals in Iran who seek— (A) to expose illegal activity carried out by officials of the Government of Iran; or (B) to obtain, exercise, defend, or promote internationally recognized human rights and freedoms, such as the freedoms of religion, expression, association, and assembly, and the rights to a fair trial and democratic elec-tions; or (2) acts as an agent of or on behalf of a for-eign person in a matter relating to an activ-ity described in paragraph (1). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, in ac-cordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block all transactions in all property and in-terests in property of a person on the list re-quired by subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of paragraph (1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out paragraph (1) shall be subject to the pen-alties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. 
SEC. 7. ENFORCEMENT OF ARMS EMBARGOS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (d), the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to any person that the Presi-dent determines— (1) knowingly engages in any activity that materially contributes to the supply, sale, or transfer directly or indirectly to or from Iran, or for the use in or benefit of Iran, of any battle tanks, armored combat vehicles, large caliber artillery systems, combat air-craft, attack helicopters, warships, missiles or missile systems, as defined for the purpose of the United Nations Register of Conven-tional Arms, or related materiel, including spare parts; or (2) knowingly provides to Iran any tech-nical training, financial resources or serv-ices, advice, other services or assistance re-lated to the supply, sale, transfer, manufac-ture, maintenance, or use of arms and re-lated materiel described in paragraph (1). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien. (c) PENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out that subsection shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (d) E
XCEPTION .—The President is not re-quired to impose sanctions under subsection (a) with respect to a person for engaging in an activity described in that subsection if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) permitting the activity is in the na-tional security interest of the United States; (2) Iran no longer presents a significant threat to the national security of the United States and to the allies of the United States; and (3) the Government of Iran has ceased pro-viding operational or financial support for acts of international terrorism and no longer satisfies the requirements for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. (e) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘state spon-sor of terrorism’’ means a country the gov-ernment of which the Secretary of State has determined to be a government that has re-peatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism for purposes of— (1) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (2) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); (3) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or (4) any other provision of law. 
SEC. 8. CONTINUATION IN EFFECT OF SANCTIONS FOR IRANIAN SUPPORT RELATING TO TERRORISM AND IRAN’S BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—United States sanctions imposed with respect to a person under Exec-utive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relat-ing to blocking property of weapons of mass destruction delivery system proliferators and their supporters) or Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to block-ing property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to com-mit, or support terrorism), and imposed as a result of activities described in subsection (b), that are in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall re-main in effect until the date that is 90 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees the certification described in sub-section (c) with respect to the person. (b) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—An activity de-scribed in this subsection is— (1) any activity that materially contrib-utes to the activities of the Government of Iran with respect to its ballistic missile pro-gram; or (2) support by the Government of Iran for acts of international terrorism. (c) C
ERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A certification described in this subsection is a certification that the person with respect to which sanctions were imposed under Executive Order 13382 or Ex-ecutive Order 13224 has not, during the 3- month period immediately preceding the date of the certification, provided support for or otherwise facilitated or engaged in any activity described in subsection (b). (2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall sub-mit the certification described in paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.033 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3502 June 14, 2017 
(1) to the appropriate congressional commit-tees in writing and shall include a detailed justification for the certification. (B) F
ORM OF CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation described in paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may in-clude a classified annex. (d) R
EIMPOSITION .—If sanctions are sus-pended with respect to a person under this section, such sanctions shall be reinstated if the President determines that the person has resumed any activity described in subsection (b). 
SEC. 9. REVIEW OF APPLICABILITY OF SANC-TIONS RELATING TO IRAN’S SUP-PORT FOR TERRORISM AND ITS BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall conduct a review of all persons on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury for activities re-lating to Iran— (1) to assess the conduct of such persons as that conduct relates to— (A) any activity that materially contrib-utes to the activities of the Government of Iran with respect to its ballistic missile pro-gram; or (B) support by the Government of Iran for acts of international terrorism; and (2) to determine the applicability of sanc-tions with respect to such persons under— (A) Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of weap-ons of mass destruction delivery system proliferators and their supporters); or (B) Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism). (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF SANCTIONS .—If the President determines under subsection (a) that sanctions under an Executive Order specified in paragraph (2) of that subsection are applicable with respect to a person, the President shall— (1) impose sanctions with respect to that person pursuant to that Executive Order; or (2) exercise the waiver authority provided under section 13. 
SEC. 10. REPORT ON COORDINATION OF SANC-TIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE EUROPEAN UNION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that includes the following: (1) A description of each instance, during the period specified in subsection (b)— (A) in which the United States has imposed sanctions with respect to a person for activ-ity related to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or delivery systems for such weapons to or by Iran, support for acts of international terrorism by Iran, or human rights abuses in Iran, but in which the Euro-pean Union has not imposed corresponding sanctions; and (B) in which the European Union has im-posed sanctions with respect to a person for activity related to the proliferation of weap-ons of mass destruction or delivery systems for such weapons to or by Iran, support for acts of international terrorism by Iran, or human rights abuses in Iran, but in which the United States has not imposed cor-responding sanctions. (2) An explanation for the reason for each discrepancy between sanctions imposed by the European Union and sanctions imposed by the United States described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). (b) PERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified in this subsection is— (1) in the case of the first report submitted under subsection (a), the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date the report is submitted; and (2) in the case of a subsequent such report, the 180-day period preceding the submission of the report. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 11. REPORT ON UNITED STATES CITIZENS DETAINED BY IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on United States citizens, including United States citizens who are also citizens of other countries, de-tained by Iran or groups supported by Iran that includes— (1) information regarding any officials of the Government of Iran involved in any way in the detentions; and (2) a summary of efforts the United States Government has taken to secure the swift re-lease of those United States citizens. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 12. EXCEPTIONS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE; RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following activities shall be exempt from sanctions under sec-tions 4, 5, 6, and 7: (1) Any activity subject to the reporting requirements under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.), or to any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. (2) The admission of an alien to the United States if such admission is necessary to com-ply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, or under the Convention on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967, or other applicable inter-national obligations of the United States. (3) The conduct or facilitation of a trans-action for the sale of agricultural commod-ities, food, medicine, or medical devices to Iran or for the provision of humanitarian as-sistance to the people of Iran, including en-gaging in a financial transaction relating to humanitarian assistance or for humanitarian purposes or transporting goods or services that are necessary to carry out operations relating to humanitarian assistance or hu-manitarian purposes. (b) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  G
OODS .—A requirement or the authority to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property under this Act shall not include the authority to im-pose sanctions with respect to the importa-tion of goods. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this Act. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President under the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term ‘‘agricultural commodity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602). (2) GOOD.—The term ‘‘good’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (3) M
EDICAL DEVICE .—The term ‘‘medical device’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘de-vice’’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). (4) M
EDICINE .—The term ‘‘medicine’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘drug’’ in sec-tion 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). 
SEC. 13. WAIVER AUTHORITY; TERMINATION OF SANCTIONS. 
(a) T EMPORARY WAIVER AUTHORITY .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (b), the Presi-dent may waive a requirement under this Act to impose or maintain sanctions with re-spect to a person for one period of not more than 120 days. (b) T
ERMINATION OF SANCTIONS .—Sanctions waived under subsection (a) shall terminate if— (1) not later than 30 days before the waiver under subsection (a) with respect to the sanctions expires, the President submits to Congress a request to terminate the sanc-tions; and (2) during the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the President submits the request to Congress, a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law under subsection (c). (c) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL .— (1) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘joint resolution of approval’’ means a joint resolu-tion the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress approves the request of the President under section 12 of the Countering Iran’s Desta-bilizing Activities Act of 2017 submitted on llll to terminate the application of sanc-tions with respect to llll.’’, with the first blank space being filled with the date and the second blank space being filled with the name of the person to which the request applies. (2) I
NTRODUCTION .—On or after the day on which the President submits to Congress a request under subsection (b)(2), a joint reso-lution of approval with respect to the re-quest may be introduced— (A) in the House, by the majority leader of the House, for the majority leader and the minority leader of the House, or by Members of the House designated by the majority leader and minority leader of the House; and (B) in the Senate, by the majority leader of the Senate, for the majority leader and the minority leader of the Senate, or by Mem-bers of the Senate designated by the major-ity leader and minority leader of the Senate. (3) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—A joint resolu-tion of approval shall be referred by the pre-siding officers of the respective Houses to the appropriate committee. (4) A
MENDMENTS PROHIBITED .—No amend-ment to a joint resolution of approval shall be in order in either the House of Represent-atives or the Senate. It shall not be in order to suspend the application of this paragraph in either House or for the Presiding Officer to entertain a request to suspend the appli-cation of this paragraph by unanimous con-sent. (5) P
ERIOD FOR COMMITTEE CONSIDERATION .— If the committee of either House to which a joint resolution of approval has been referred has not reported the resolution at the close of the 15th day after the introduction of the resolution, the committee shall be automati-cally discharged from further consideration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.033 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3503 June 14, 2017 
of the resolution and the resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. (6) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A vote on final passage of a joint resolution of approval shall be taken in each House on or before the close of the 15th day after the resolution is reported by the committee of that House to which the resolution was referred, or after that com-mittee has been discharged from further con-sideration of the resolution under paragraph (5). (B) R
ESOLUTION PASSED BY OTHER HOUSE .— If, prior to the passage by one House of a joint resolution of approval of that House, that House receives the same resolution from the other House, then— (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the resolution of the other House. (7) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN THE HOUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES .— (A) M
OTIONS TO PROCEED .—A motion in the House of Representatives to proceed to the consideration of a joint resolution of ap-proval shall be highly privileged and not de-batable. An amendment to the motion shall not be in order, nor shall it be in order to move to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to. (B) T
IME FOR DEBATE .—Debate in the House of Representatives on a joint resolution of approval shall be limited to not more than 20 hours, which shall be divided equally be-tween those favoring and those opposing the resolution. A motion further to limit debate shall not be debatable. It shall not be in order to move to recommit a joint resolution of approval or to move to reconsider the vote by which a joint resolution of approval is agreed to or disagreed to. (C) M
OTIONS TO POSTPONE .—Motions to postpone, made in the House of Representa-tives with respect to the consideration of a joint resolution of approval, and motions to proceed to the consideration of other busi-ness, shall be decided without debate. (D) A
PPEALS .—All appeals from the deci-sions of the Chair relating to the application of the Rules of the House of Representatives to the procedure relating to a joint resolu-tion of approval shall be decided without de-bate. (E) A
PPLICABILITY OF RULES .—Except to the extent specifically provided in the pre-ceding provisions of this paragraph, consid-eration of a joint resolution of approval shall be governed by the Rules of the House of Representatives applicable to other resolu-tions in similar circumstances. (8) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— (A) M
OTIONS TO PROCEED .—A motion in the Senate to proceed to the consideration of a joint resolution of approval shall be privi-leged and not debatable. An amendment to the motion shall not be in order, nor shall it be in order to move to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to. (B) T
IME FOR DEBATE .—Debate in the Sen-ate on a joint resolution of approval, and all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours. The time shall be equally divided between, and controlled by, the majority leader and the minority leader or their des-ignees. (C) M
OTIONS AND APPEALS .—Debate in the Senate on any debatable motion or appeal in connection with a joint resolution of ap-proval shall be limited to not more than 1 hour, to be equally divided between, and con-trolled by, the mover and the manager of the resolution, except that in the event the man-ager of the resolution is in favor of any such motion or appeal, the time in opposition thereto shall be controlled by the minority leader or the minority leader’s designee. Such leaders, or either of them, may, from time under their control on the passage of a joint resolution of approval, allot additional time to any Senator during the consider-ation of any debatable motion or appeal. (D) MOTIONS TO FURTHER LIMIT DEBATE .—A motion in the Senate to further limit debate on a joint resolution of approval is not de-batable. (E) M
OTIONS TO RECOMMIT .—A motion to re-commit a joint resolution of approval is not in order. (9) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection is enacted by Congress— (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution of approval, and su-persedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and (B) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the President to impose sanc-tions under this Act with respect to a person with respect to which sanctions were termi-nated under this section. 
SA 254. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 13. RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN PAYMENTS RELATING TO CLAIMS BROUGHT BE-FORE THE IRAN–UNITED STATES CLAIMS TRIBUNAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year may be obligated or ex-pended for a payment described in subsection (b) until the President certifies to Congress that the Government of Iran has paid all compensatory damages awarded to a United States person in a final judgment— (1) issued by a district court of the United States under Federal or State law against the Government of Iran; and (2) arising from an act of international ter-rorism, for which the Government of Iran was determined not to be immune from the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States or of the States under section 1605A of title 28, United States Code, or section 1605(a)(7) of such title (as in effect on Janu-ary 27, 2008). (b) P
AYMENTS DESCRIBED .—A payment de-scribed in this subsection is a payment by the United States to the Government of Iran or a national of Iran relating to the settle-ment of a claim before the Iran–United States Claims Tribunal. (c) A
CT OF INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘act of international terrorism’’ includes— (1) an act of torture, extrajudicial killing, aircraft sabotage, or hostage taking, as those terms are defined in section 1605A(h) of title 28, United States Code; and (2) providing material support or resources, as defined in section 2339A of title 18, United States Code, for an act described in subpara-graph (A). f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 11 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. They have the approval of the Ma-jority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017 at 2:15 p.m. to conduct an executive session to vote on the following nominations: Mr. Kevin Allen Hassett, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers; and the Honorable Pamela Hughes Patenaude, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The Committee will hold a Hearing on ‘‘Paving the Way for Self-Driving Vehicles.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate office building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Legislative Hearing on S. 517, the Consumer and Fuel Retailer Choice Act.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to consider favorably report-ing pending nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. in order to conduct a hearing titled ‘‘Ideology and Terror: Under-standing the Tools, Tactics, and Tech-niques of Violent Extremism.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 14, 2017, at 9:45 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
The Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship is authorized to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.033 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3504 June 14, 2017 
meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017 at 3 p.m. in 428A Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Re-form: Removing Barriers to Small Business Growth.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in SR–418, to con-duct a hearing on the Fiscal Year 2018 Budget for Veterans’ Programs and Fiscal Year 2019 Advance Appropria-tions Requests. 
COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Military Caregivers: Families Serving for the Long Run.’’ The Committee will meet in room 106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building beginning at 2:30 p.m. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE -
SOURCES SUBCOMMITTEE ON WATER AND  
POWER  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Water and Power is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Wednes-day, June 14, 2017, at 2 p.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EUROPE  
The Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, June 14, 2017 at 2:30 p.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Southeast Europe: Strengthening De-mocracy and Countering Malign For-eign Influence.’’ f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to a member of my staff, Patrick Flanigan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR STAYS DURING A PERIOD THAT THE MERIT SYS-TEMS PROTECTION BOARD LACKS A QUORUM Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany S. 1083. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 1083) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
Mr. GARDNER. I move to concur in the House amendment, and I ask unan-imous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 2017 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 15; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S. 722, as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order and that our prayers be with the Capitol Police and the Mem-bers of Congress who were hurt today. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:44 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 15, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN6.035 S14JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE823 June 14, 2017 
HONORING MR. LARRY MARSICANO 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Larry Marsicano for his many years of tireless work to improve and protect Candlewood Lake. As Larry prepares to leave the Candlewood Lake Authority where he has served as Executive Director for four-teen years, I would like to take this opportunity to thank and recognize him. Larry has been a champion for conservation in western Con-necticut, and his expertise and dedication have helped our community make significant progress to address pollution in Candlewood Lake. As an undergraduate at Western Con-necticut State University in the 1980s, Larry began collecting data on the water quality of Candlewood Lake, Connecticut’s largest lake. After completing his Bachelor’s degree, Larry worked as a laboratory manager, and then joined the Candlewood Lake Authority in 1998. The Candlewood Lake Authority is an agen-cy created by the five municipalities sur-rounding the lake to reduce pollution and im-prove its quality. Larry first worked as a Lake Preservation Director, supporting research and outreach, and in 2003, he became Executive Director. His work for the group has spanned environmental research, policy and advocacy, and education initiatives. Among his many ac-complishments, Larry was instrumental in changing local land use regulations to protect surface water quality and in developing oppor-tunities for high school students to learn about research on the lake. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Larry Marsicano has been a devoted public servant in spearheading the efforts to protect Candlewood Lake and pro-mote conservation awareness. I thank him for his decades of hard work to bring together government and private sector leaders to solve the issues facing the lake. While our ef-forts on behalf of the lake will continue, he will be greatly missed. It is fitting and proper that we honor Larry here today for his service and extend our best wishes as he begins the next stage of his career. 
f 
HONORING BCCC STUDENTS FOR NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION INNOVATION CHALLENGE 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hard work and success of a group of students from my district attending Bucks County Community College. This group, Nik Bertnio, Roshan Thomas, Alex White, and their faculty advisor, Christine Delahanty, were recently named as one of only ten finalists teams in the National Science Foundation’s Community College Innovation Challenge. Their project, named Simply Secure, would produce a low-cost, portable device that small businesses and everyday consumers could use to confidently and securely connect to any wireless network, regardless of whether that network has been compromised. The group’s hard work, and dedication to bettering their community and the world around them, should make all of us proud. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, due to a per-sonal conflict, I was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on rollcall No. 302, yea on rollcall No. 303, yea on rollcall No. 304, nay on rollcall No. 305, and yea on rollcall No. 306. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EVALYN ORMOND FOR HER ACCOMPLISHED CA-REER IN THE HEALTH CARE IN-DUSTRY 
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize Evalyn Ormond for 40 years of dedicated service in the health care industry of Northwest Louisiana and for 25 years as CEO of Union General Hospital. Evalyn graduated from Ouachita High School and Northeast Louisiana University in Monroe, Louisiana. She began her health care career in 1977 at Sterlington Hospital and, with much determination and hard work, be-came the hospital’s administrator in 1988. Just four years later, Evalyn also took on the role as CEO of Union General Hospital in Farmerville, Louisiana. She remained CEO of both facilities for seven years until Sterlington Hospital closed in 1999. The health care in-dustry is constantly advancing with new inno-vative technologies. Evalyn remains an active force in bringing those innovations to Lou-isiana and ensuring the people within our community receive the care they need. Evalyn currently serves on numerous health care boards and committees, devoting her en-ergy to providing quality and stable health care. She has long been a champion for rural health care and regularly travels to Wash-ington, D.C. to vocalize her concerns with Louisiana’s elected officials. She is an active member of various organizations including the Louisiana Hospital Association, North East Louisiana Hospital Association, Rural Hospital Coalition and the National Rural Health Asso-ciation. In addition to her successful tenure as a health care administer, Evalyn remains an ac-tive leader in her community. She has earned recognition by the Union Parish Chamber of Commerce for her service and was the first fe-male invited to join the Farmerville Lion’s Club. She currently serves as the organiza-tion’s president paving the way for other women looking to serve their community. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am honored to congratulate Evalyn Ormond on her many accomplish-ments. I applaud her service to our commu-nity. She has truly been a blessing to the health care community. We are fortunate to have individuals like Evalyn who are com-mitted to helping others through difficult times with kindness and compassion. My wife, Kelly, and I thank her for her service and dedication to the people of Louisiana and wish her con-tinued success. f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM H. HECHT 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to William H. Hecht, a dear friend of mine who passed away on Mon-day, June 12, 2017. Bill lived a rich life filled with a myriad of accomplishments. He would count his family as the greatest of those ac-complishments. A true family man, he was the beloved husband of Susan; a devoted father to Herb, Robert David, Tim and Jim; a proud father-in-law to Dana, Jill and Melissa; and a doting grandfather to Caroline, Rachel, Will, Robbie, Christian, Danny, Hannah, Sammy, Holly and Johnny. Along with all of them, I will deeply miss Bill. Born in 1933 in Tifton, Georgia, Bill received his Master’s of Divinity from Concordia Semi-nary in St. Louis, Missouri and a degree in Philosophy from Washington University. He served as a Lutheran pastor and later became the campus pastor at the University of Okla-homa, also teaching in the Philosophy Depart-ment. Among the many tributes Bill received are the Miles Christi Award from Concordia Seminary, an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Concordia University, and the Silver Bea-ver Award from the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America. In 2012, Bill received a commendation as an ‘‘Outstanding Georgian,’’ one of only three people to receive that honor. Bill was a lifelong participant in politics. In 1967, he became the Executive Director of the Missouri State Republican Party and later served as vice president of the American Se-curity Council. Moving to Washington, DC, he was hired as the Executive Assistant to the Chairman of the House Committee on Internal Security and then moved on to be vice presi-dent of legislative affairs at the Tobacco Insti-tute. He worked on the Reagan for President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.001 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE824 June 14, 2017 
campaign before opening Hecht, Spencer & Associates, a firm that celebrated its 35th An-niversary last year. I was a beneficiary of Bill’s education and experience over many hours spent at his fa-vorite table at the Capitol Hill Club. He could philosophize on any number of subjects and would hold all of us there at the table in rapt attention with stories from his past or expla-nations of why his St. Louis Cardinals were the greatest franchise in baseball history. The Club will never be the same without him and he will always be in my thoughts when I am there. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the Hecht family and Bill’s many friends. Although Bill may be gone, his legacy and memory will live on. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, due to a per-sonal conflict, I was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on rollcall No. 307. 
f 
REMEMBERING XAVIER JOY 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 14, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, Xavier Joy should have spent this week enjoying the summer, working with the students he loved so much and thinking about his future. In-stead, we are mourning the loss of this excep-tional young man, who wanted nothing more than to care for his family and friends and continue his commitment to community serv-ice. Xavier had already accomplished so much in his far too-short life. He touched many, many lives, as witnessed by the outpouring of sorrow and love from friends, family, and com-munity leaders. He was a help and an inspira-tion, especially for children and young stu-dents struggling to overcome barriers and im-prove their lives. Xavier was the cherished son of Nykea Pippion-McGriff and Ra Joy. Ra served my of-fice and the residents of the 9th Congressional District for six years and went on to lead the Illinois Arts Alliance and serve as executive di-rector of CHANGE Illinois. Like his father, Xa-vier was drawn to people and excited about making a difference. A graduate of Whitney Young Magnet High School, Xavier attended Morehouse College and played football. He certainly had many life choices ahead of him, but he clearly caught the bug for public service from both his par-ents, as was evident in his work as a special education classroom assistant, and his time at City Year Chicago. He chose the path of em-powering others. He was a mentor and a role model for students in Chicago and Evanston schools. He already had achieved so much but sadly we will never know what heights he would have reached. Tragically, Xavier was a victim of the epi-demic of gun violence that is plaguing our country and destroying the futures of so many bright, smart and giving people. His senseless death is a cause of incredible grief and loss, but it should also inspire all of us to follow his call to serve, to end gun violence and to en-sure that every child has the tools and the support he or she needs to succeed. As a mother, I cannot begin to understand the grief that Xavier’s parents are feeling. My heart is aching for Ra and his wife Falona, Nykea and her husband Arthur, his brothers and sister, and his friends and family. I hope there is some comfort in knowing how many people loved Xavier, how many were touched by his kindness and caring, and how many will continue to hold him in their thoughts and prayers. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 15, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 20 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Wash-ington, to be Deputy Secretary of De-fense. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet To hold hearings to examine the Uni-versal Service Fund and rural broadband. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine reviewing Congressional authorizations for the use of military force. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the assault on the First Amendment on college campuses. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Food and Drug Administration. SD–192 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Federal Commu-nications Commission. SD–138 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine collabo-rative initiatives, focusing on restoring watersheds and large landscapes across boundaries through state and Federal partnerships. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife To hold hearings to examine innovative financing and funding, focusing on ad-dressing America’s crumbling water in-frastructure. SD–406 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine concurrent congressional and criminal investiga-tions, focusing on lessons from history. SD–226 JUNE 21 9 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of the Interior. SD–124 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Home-land Security. SR–253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 and the trade policy agen-da. SD–215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Russell Vought, of Virginia, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JN8.005 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE825 June 14, 2017 
to be Deputy Director, and Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Ad-ministrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, both of the Office of Management and Budget. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the MS–13 problem, focusing on investigating gang membership, its nexus to illegal immigration, and Federal efforts to end the threat. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of the Air Force. SD–192 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine cybersecu-rity regulation harmonization. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Energy. SD–138 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 and 2019 for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. SD–124 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on pro-moting partnerships between commer-cial space and the U.S. government to advance exploration and settlement. SR–253 3 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Government Ac-countability Office and the Congres-sional Budget Office. SD–192 JUNE 22 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of J. Christopher Giancarlo, of New Jersey, to be Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion. SR–328A Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Richard V. Spencer, of Wyo-ming, to be Secretary of the Navy, De-partment of Defense. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine fostering economic growth, focusing on regu-lator perspective. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 JUNE 27 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Labor. SD–138 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JUNE 20 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine free speech on college campuses. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M14JN8.000 E14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
D652 Wednesday, June 14, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3461–S3504 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 1349–1360, and S.J. Res. 46.
                                                                 Page S3487 
Measures Reported: S. 213, to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area. (S. Rept. No. 115–108) S. 217, to amend the Denali National Park Im-provement Act to clarify certain provisions relating to the natural gas pipeline authorized in the Denali National Park and Preserve. (S. Rept. No. 115–109) H.R. 46, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–110) H.R. 381, to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–111)
             Page S3487 
Measures Considered: Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                   Pages S3462–84 
Adopted: By 97 yeas to 2 nay (Vote No. 144), McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 232, to im-pose sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation and to combat terrorism and illicit financing. 
                                                                                    Pages S3462–74 
Pending: Corker (for Graham) Amendment No. 240, to re-affirm the strategic importance of Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty to the member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and its con-tribution to maintaining stability throughout the world.
                                                               Pages S3662, S3474 Gardner Modified Amendment No. 250, to pro-vide an exception for activities of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration.
                   Page S3484 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture motions on the committee-reported substitute amendment and the bill, be withdrawn; and that at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, June 15, 2017, the time until 11 a.m., be equally divided be-tween the two Leaders or their designees; and that at 11 a.m., Senate vote on or in relation to Gardner Modified Amendment No. 250 (listed above), then vote on or in relation to Corker (for Graham) Amendment No. 240 (listed above); and that fol-lowing disposition of Corker (for Graham) Amend-ment No. 240, the committee-reported substitute amendment, as amended be agreed to, and Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended.
       Page S3484 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, June 15, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page S3504 
House Messages: Merit Systems Protection Board: Senate con-curred in the amendment of the House to S. 1083, to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. 
                                                                                            Page S3504 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3486 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3486 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3487 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3487–89 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3489–91 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3486 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3491–S3503 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S3503–04 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3504 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—144)
                                                                Page S3474 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN7.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D653 June 14, 2017 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:45 a.m. and adjourned at 7:44 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, June 15, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3504.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense, after re-ceiving testimony from James N. Mattis, Secretary, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chair-man, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz, USAF (Ret.), Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, and Adminis-trator, Philip T. Calbos, Acting Deputy Adminis-trator for Defense Programs, David G. Huizenga, Acting Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, and Admiral James F. Caldwell Jr., USN, Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors, all of the National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, and Pamela Hughes Patenaude, of New Hampshire, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Budget: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Russell Vought, of Vir-ginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. SELF-DRIVING VEHICLES Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine paving the way for self-driving vehicles, after receiving testi-mony from Mitch Bainwol, The Alliance of Auto-mobile Manufacturers, Washington, D.C.; Colleen Sheehey-Church, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, Irving, Texas; Rob Csongor, NVIDIA, Santa Clara, California; and John M. Maddox, American Center for Mobility, Ypsilanti, Michigan. WATER AND POWER LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Water and Power concluded a hearing to examine S. 440, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 677, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes re-lated to the construction of new surface water stor-age projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, S. 685, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Author-ity System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, S. 930, to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide increased transparency for cus-tomers, S. 1012, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1029, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to exempt certain small hydroelectric power projects that are applying for relicensing under the Federal Power Act from the licensing requirements of that Act, and S. 1030, to require the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on certain hydropower projects, after receiv-ing testimony from Scott Cameron, Acting Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Water and Science; Mark A. Gabriel, Administrator, Western Area Power Ad-ministration, Department of Energy; Mayor Jeff Sell, Harlowtown, Montana, on behalf of the Central Montana Regional Water Authority; Tom Davis, Yuma County Water Users’ Association, Somerton, Arizona; Tom Fisher, Patterson Lake Homeowners Association, Dickinson, North Dakota; Mike A. Hamman, Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District, Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Christopher Wynn, Brookfield Renewable, Lewiston, Maine. CONSUMER AND FUEL RETAILER CHOICE ACT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine S. 517, to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for Reid vapor pressure limitations under such Act, after receiving testimony from Brooke Coleman, Advanced Biofuels Business Council, and Jonathan F. Lewis, Clean Air Task Force, both of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN7.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD654 June 14, 2017 
Boston, Massachusetts; Mike Lorenz, Sheetz, Claysburg, Pennsylvania; Todd J. Teske, Briggs and Stratton Corporation, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and Janet Yanowitz, EcoEngineering, Inc., Boulder, Col-orado. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Eric D. Hargan, of Illi-nois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, and David Malpass, of New York, to be an Under Secretary, Andrew K. Maloney, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of the Treasury. STRENGTHENING DEMOCRACY IN SOUTHEAST EUROPE Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Eu-rope and Regional Security Cooperation concluded a hearing to examine southeast Europe, focusing on strengthening democracy and countering malign for-eign influence, after receiving testimony from Hoyt Yee, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State; and Damon M. Wilson, Atlantic Council, Majda Ruge, Johns Hopkins University Paul H. Nitze School of Ad-vanced International Studies, and Ivana Cvetkovic Bajrovic, National Endowment for Democracy, all of Washington, D.C. IDEOLOGY AND TERROR Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine ideology and terror, focusing on understanding the tools, tactics, and techniques of violent extremism, after receiving testimony from Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Stanford University Hoover Institution, Stanford, California; and Michael E. Leiter, former Director, National Counterterrorism Center, Asra Q. Nomani, Muslim Reform Movement, and John Lenczowski, The Institute of World Politics, all of Washington, D.C. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of John Ken-neth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, who was introduced by Senator McConnell, Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, who was introduced by Senators Shelby and Strange, and Damien Michael Schiff, of California, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. SMALL BUSINESS GROWTH Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine tax reform, focusing on removing barriers to small business growth, including S. 540, to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for em-ployment duties performed in other States, after re-ceiving testimony from Brian Reardon, S Corpora-tion Association, Annette Nellen, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and Mark J. Mazur, Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, all of Wash-ington, D.C. VETERANS’ PROGRAMS BUDGET Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2019 advance appropriations requests, after receiving testimony from David J. Shulkin, Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs; Carl Blake, Paralyzed Vet-erans of America, Leroy Acosta, Disabled American Veterans, and Carlos Fuentes, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, all of Washington, D.C.; and John Rowan, Vietnam Veterans of America, New York, New York. MILITARY CAREGIVERS Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine military caregivers, focusing on families serving for the long run, including S. 591, to expand eligibility for the program of comprehen-sive assistance for family caregivers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance spe-cial compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, and S. 1028, to provide for the establishment and main-tenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, after receiving testimony from former Senator Eliza-beth Dole; Terri Tanielian, RAND Corporation, Ar-lington, Virginia; Ryan Phillippe, Los Angeles, Cali-fornia; Mary and Tom Ward, Wilmington, North Carolina; Melanie and Joseph Swoboda, Levant, Maine; and Wanda and Sam Ickes, Alum Bank, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN7.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D655 June 14, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 2900, and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 64 and H. Res. 384, were introduced.
                  Page H4918 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4918 
Reports Filed:There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Holding to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4915 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:01 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4915 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H4916–17. Senate Referral: S. 831 was referred to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
                                                                                            Page H4917 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:32 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a budget hearing on the Department of the Treas-ury—International Programs. Testimony was heard from Steven Mnuchin, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF STATE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a budget hearing on the Department of State. Testi-mony was heard from Rex W. Tillerson, Secretary, Department of State. LEGISLATIVE REFORMS TO THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT: H.R. 2776, WORKFORCE DEMOCRACY AND FAIRNESS ACT; H.R. 2775, EMPLOYEE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT; AND H.R. 2723, EMPLOYEE RIGHTS ACT Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Reforms to the National Labor Relations Act: H.R. 2776, Workforce Democracy and Fairness Act; H.R. 2775, Employee Privacy Protection Act; and H.R. 2723, Employee Rights Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE FY 2018 FOREIGN AFFAIRS BUDGET Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The FY 2018 Foreign Affairs Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Rex W. Tillerson, Secretary, Department of State. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2825, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security Authorization Act of 2017’’. H.R. 2825 was ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.J. Res. 76, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Co-lumbia to a enter into a compact relating to the es-tablishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission; H.J. Res. 92, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Co-lumbia to amend the Washington Area Transit Reg-ulation Compact. H.J. Res. 76 was ordered reported, as amended. H.J. Res. 92 was ordered reported, without amendment. A CAUTIONARY TALE: A REVIEW OF SBA’S FAILED FY 2014 AGENCY RESTRUCTURE Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Cautionary Tale: A Review of SBA’s Failed FY 2014 Agency Restructure’’. Testi-mony was heard from Hannibal Ware, Acting In-spector General, Small Business Administration; and Joseph Loddo, Chief Operating Officer, Small Busi-ness Administration. 
Joint Meetings 
ROMANIAN ANTI-CORRUPTION PROCESS Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine the Roma-nian anti-corruption process, focusing on successes and excesses, after receiving testimony Mark Gitenstein, Mayer Brown, Heather Conley, Center for Strategic and International Studies, and Philip 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN7.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD656 June 14, 2017 
Stephenson, Freedom Capital, all of Washington, D.C.; and David Clark, London, United Kingdom. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine agricultural research, focusing on perspectives on past and future successes for the 2018 Farm Bill, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine fostering economic growth, fo-cusing on midsized, regional, and large institution per-spective, 9:45 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Forest Service, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: business meeting to consider the nomination of Kristine L. Svinicki, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Mark Andrew Green, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine agency approaches to reorganization, focusing on the Office of Management and Budget’s memorandum on the Federal workforce, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 1312, to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States, S. 1311, to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States, and the nominations of David C. Nye, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, Scott L. Palk, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intel-lectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Of-fice of the President, Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Alabama, to be an Assistant Attorney General, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citi-zenship and Immigration Services, Department of Home-land Security, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine S. 75, to provide for the reconsideration of claims for disability compensation for veterans who were the sub-jects of experiments by the Department of Defense during World War II that were conducted to assess the effects of mustard gas or lewisite on people, S. 111, to require the Secretary of Defense to establish a process to deter-mine whether individuals claiming certain service in the Philippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Missouri List, S. 410, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the transfer of unused Post-9/11 Educational Assistance bene-fits to additional dependents upon the death of the origi-nally designated dependent, S. 473, the amend title 38, United States Code, to make qualification requirements for entitlement to Post-9/11 Education Assistance more equitable, to improve support of veterans receiving such educational assistance, S. 758, to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry’s review and publication of illness and conditions relating to veterans stationed at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and their family mem-bers, S. 798, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the Yellow Ribbon G.I. Education Enhancement Program to apply to individuals pursuing programs of education while on active duty, to recipients of the Ma-rine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and to programs of education pursued on half-time basis or less, S. 844, to amend title 38, United States Code, to consider certain time spent by members of reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces while receiving medical care from the Secretary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, S. 882, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the entitlement to educational assistance under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs for members of the Armed Forces award-ed the Purple Heart, S. 1192, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for pro-rated charges to entitle-ment to educational assistance under Department of Vet-erans Affairs Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program for certain licensure and certification tests and national tests, S. 1209, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amount of special pension for Medal of Honor recipients, S. 1218, to promote Federal employ-ment for veterans, S. 1277, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a high technology education pilot program, and an original bill to authorize a depend-ent to transfer Post-9/11 Educational Assistance in cases in which the dependent received entitlement from an in-dividual who subsequently died, 11 a.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 1:30 p.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the Department of Defense, 9 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN7.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D657 June 14, 2017 Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Transportation, 11 a.m., 2358–A Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, 11 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on the FY 2018 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill, and the Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2018, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Helping Americans Get Back to Work: Im-plementation of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, markup on H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017’’; legislation on the Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017; and legislation on the Nu-clear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2875, the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Administrative Reform Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2874, the ‘‘21st Century Flood Reform Act of 2917’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Foreign Military Sales: Process and Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, markup on H.R. 1415, the ‘‘End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act’’, 11:30 a.m., 2255 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Africa’s Current and Potential Famines’’, 11:45 a.m., 2255 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Russia’s Strategic Objectives in the Middle East and North Africa’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, markup on H. Res. 311, to recognize that for 50 years the Association of South East Asian Nations has worked toward stability, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia; H.R. 535, the ‘‘Taiwan Travel Act’’; H.R. 2061, the ‘‘North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2397, the ‘‘Distribution and Promotion of Rights and Knowledge Act of 2017’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Renewing Assurances: Strengthening U.S.-Taiwan Ties’’, 2:45 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Data Stored Abroad: Ensuring Lawful Access and Privacy Protection in the Digital Era’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, June 15, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on legislation to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and im-prove forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Bolstering the Govern-ment’s Cybersecurity: Lessons Learned from WannaCry’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2763, the ‘‘Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Improvements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2594, the ‘‘Small Business Payment for Per-formance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2333, the ‘‘Small Business Investment Opportunity Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2364, the ‘‘Investing in Main Street Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2056, the ‘‘Microloan Modernization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1551, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities; H.R. 2742, the ‘‘Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act’’; H.R. 2857, the ‘‘Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act’’; H.R. 2834, the ‘‘Partnership Grants to Strengthen Families Affected by Parental Substance Abuse Act’’; H.R. 2866, the ‘‘Reducing Barriers for Rel-ative Foster Parents Act’’; H.R. 2847, the ‘‘Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act’’; and H.R. 2842, the ‘‘Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activities: FY 18 Budget Request’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JN7.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD658 June 14, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S. 722, Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act. At 11 a.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Gardner Modified Amendment No. 250, Corker (for Gra-ham) Amendment No. 240, and passage of the bill, as amended. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, June 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 2372— Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 2579— Broader Options for Americans Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Calvert, Ken, Calif., E823 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E823 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E823 Granger, Kay, Tex., E823, E824 Johnson, Mike, La., E823 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E824 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14JN7.REC D14JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST