Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my congressional district. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Netty Carr of Atwater Village, a unique neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. Netty Carr was born in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, and has been a resident of Atwater Village for many years. A successful small business owner, Ms. Carr founded Netty’s Restaurant in 1987 in Silver Lake, serving comfort food to customers until 2007. Over the years, Ms. Carr has dedicated her time and efforts to better her community. She is an avid supporter of green space, the environment, and historic preservation. Most notably, in 1999, Netty spearheaded the Coalition to Save the Van de Kamp’s bakery building on Fletcher Drive, because a developer had plans to demolish the building to build a ‘‘big box’’ store. Through the hard work and commitment of Ms. Carr and the Coalition, which was comprised of 23 community groups, they succeeded in saving this historical building. Ms. Carr cofounded Friends of Atwater Village, a nonprofit organization, where volunteers work together with the common goal of improving Atwater Village, and promoting and preserving the local history. From neighborhood cleanups to mural projects, two of which Netty personally funded, Netty’s dedication to improve the community through beautification projects is nothing short of extraordinary. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Netty Carr. 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF ROBERT F. GLOCKNER 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Robert F. Glockner by including in the RECORD the Me morial Tribute prepared by his loving family. Bob Glockner died peacefully on March 26, 2017, surrounded by his family. A vibrant man, Bob will be remembered for his warmth and generosity, commitment to his family and community, and his boundless energy. Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the summer of 1938, he was the third child of Paul and Stephanie Glockner. He moved with his family to Oakland, California, in 1947. In 1956 Bob graduated from St. Elizabeth High School, where he enjoyed drama and sports. He served in the U.S. Army and later in the Army reserves. He attended San Francisco State, graduating in 1961 with a bachelor’s degree in Legal Studies. San Francisco is also where he met his wife of 54 years, Ginger Alfs. Together, they had four daughters. Bob began his career as a salesman for Modernfold of Northern California. In 1970 he became a partner in Partition Specialties, Inc., serving as president before striking out on his own to found WestFour Construction and Whitney Investment Company in 1983. He did not retire but more transitioned to the role of ‘‘Volunteer Project Manager,’’ helping his family as well as organizations that were close to his heart. Bob always had a project, and many knew him as the person you would turn to when you needed to get something done. A dedicated and active member of his community, he was a member of the Board of Trustees for Sacred Heart Schools in Atherton, as well as a member of Sharon Heights Country Club, the Vineyard Club, and the Peninsula Investors Club. He was quick to offer his time or his counsel to assist a worthy cause. Bob loved travel, art and music. He was an avid sports fan, skier, golfer, and lover of the outdoors. Later in life, he tried his hand at growing grapes and winemaking, and enjoyed producing wine under his own ‘‘Four Sisters Vineyard’’ label. Above all, Bob loved and was loved by his family. He will be remembered by his wife, Ginger; his daughters and sonsinlaw Jennifer and John Whitcomb, Ellen and Fred Eder, Julie Morris, and Whitney and Peter Glockner Black; his 10 grandchildren, Stan, Mackenzie and Brooke Whitcomb, Elizabeth and Fred Eder, Kyle and Hannah Morris, and Axel, Jasper, and Hugo Black; as well as his sisters, Audrey Glockner and Mary Akey; his sisterin law, Diane Orsellini, and their families. I had the privilege of knowing Bob Glockner for decades. He was a gentleman and a man of great faith. He loved his family and was devoted to his church, his community and his country. It was an honor to have known him and call him my friend. Because of all he did in living a worthy life, our country has been bettered immeasurably. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in expressing our collective sympathy to the great love of his life, Ginger, their children, grandchildren, and entire family on the loss of a great and good man. IN RECOGNITION OF JOSHUA CHU HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joshua Chu of Wissahickon High School, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania on receiving the Congressional Award’s Bronze Medal. The Congressional Award is Congress’ award for young Americans who dedicate themselves to public service, personal development, physical fitness and exploration. It motivates young people to improve themselves, try new things and learn new skills. Joshua served his community through volunteering in a soup kitchen, packing food, sorting donated items and aiding the kitchen’s staff. He also broadened his knowledge by traveling to Boston and Hawaii to learn more about their culture and history. I congratulate Joshua on earning this honor and I congratulate his parents on raising such a fine young man. 
IN RECOGNITION OF SPECIALIST JAMES C. MCCLOUGHAN FOR HIS EXEMPLARY SERVICE DURING THE VIETNAM WAR 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Specialist James C. McCloughan for his service as a combat medic during the Vietnam War. SPC McCloughan demonstrated extraordinary heroism during the Battle of Nui Yon Hill, and his actions as a combat medic saved the lives of his fellow service members during this encounter. In 1969, thenPrivate First Class James McCloughan was serving as one of two medics between the 89man Charlie Company when the group came under fire from an estimated 2,000 enemy soldiers. During the subsequent twoday Battle of Nui Yon Hill, then PFC McCloughan braved heavy enemy gunfire to rescue and provide medical care to his fellow service members. ThenPFC McCloughan refused to leave the battle, fighting through shrapnel and gunfire wounds and continued to serve Charlie Company for the remainder of the battle. For his efforts during his service, he received multiple awards, including the Combat Medical Badge, two Purple Hearts, the U.S. Army Valorous Unit Citation and the National Defense Medal. Additionally, SPC McCloughan was authorized to receive the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Vietnam War on December 27, 2016. SPC McCloughan’s remarkable record of valor during his service in the Vietnam War is worthy of special recognition. He went above and beyond the call of duty throughout his 
military service to aid his comrades, and the fellow service members’ lives he saved at great personal risk are a testament to his bravery. His tenacity and willingness to sacrifice on behalf of others is extraordinary and demonstrates his character. It is my hope that SPC McCloughan continues to receive the acclaim that his military record merits while serving as an inspiration for current service members. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring SPC James C. McCloughan for his courage under fire as a combat medic during the Vietnam War. SPC McCloughan saved countless lives through his actions. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GRAND OPENING OF THE NEW STERLING LIBRARY 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Grand Opening of the new Sterling Library. This new branch, located in the heart of Sterling, Virginia is nearly three times the size of the former library and includes stateoftheart facilities, increased access to computers, and the most up to date technology and resources, such as 3D printers, recording studios, and books offered in multiple languages. I take great pride knowing this stateoftheart facility is opening in Virginia’s Tenth District, and I am very thankful for the broad range of learning opportunities it will afford my constituents. Since the mid1970s the Sterling Library has been a vital part of the community’s steady development, but the old building could no longer support the everyday needs of the community. According to the Director of Loudoun County Public Library, Chang Liu, community input played a crucial role in the plans for this library. Residents were very engaged during the planning and design processes, and the new elements, such as the hightech workspaces and the unique teen area, coupled with the tremendous amount of space offered in the new library, better suit the current needs of the growing Sterling community. This project is part of the broader Sterling Public Facilities Master Plan, which was approved in a referendum in 2014. In addition to the library, the plan calls for the expansion of the Sterling Volunteer Fire and Rescue Station and the renovation and expansion of the Sterling Community Center into the former library space. The opening of the new library marks the first step in what will be an exciting period of innovation in Sterling. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues join me in applauding the Grand Opening of the new Sterling Library. I look forward to the impact it will have on the children, teenagers, and adults of Sterling and our Commonwealth as a whole. ROGER THOMAS PROMOTED TO BISHOP, CALIFORNIA SOUTHERN THIRD ECCLESIASTICAL JURISDICTION CHURCH OF GOD IN CHRIST HON. PAUL COOK 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exemplary service and promotion of Bishop Roger Thomas to his current position. As a result of his keen awareness, understanding of humankind, his unquestionable devotion to serve God is boundless. It is his effective stewardship that leads men and women to successful conclusions within the church and in their private lives. The sincerity of his voice moves individuals to be at their best regardless of the challenges they face. He inspires youth and adults to further their education in higher institutions of learning. Individuals in search of counseling, guidance, advice, employment and legal matters are aided directly and/or indirectly by his influence. Bishop Roger Thomas proves regularly that the service of God’s children is more than an obligation but rather to care for the needs of all humankind is an honor. 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF JAMES ‘‘JIMMY’’ LANZA 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life and service of James ‘‘Jimmy’’ Lanza. Jimmy passed on April 6 of this year, surrounded by his family, friends, and beloved brothers from the Fire Department of New York City, after a noble battle with brain cancer. An esteemed member of the Woodside community, Jimmy’s life was characterized by a tireless dedication to others in keeping with the highest tradition of service to our country. Jimmy gave perennially of himself, serving in the U.S. Navy during the Vietnam War, where he was a member of a crew of flying airborne early warning and control systems. After his tenure in the Navy, Jimmy went on to serve as a firefighter, devoting three decades to the FDNY with Engine 53, Ladder 43, in East Harlem as part of ‘‘El Barrio’s Bravest.’’ During his time with the FDNY, Jimmy devoted countless hours to the search and recovery mission at the World Trade Center in the aftermath of September 11. After Hurricane Katrina, he traveled to New Orleans with his FDNY comrades to assist in their rescue, search, and recovery mission. As a volunteer with the Red Cross, he stood everready to lend a hand to suffering communities in the aftermath of devastation. Jimmy also served on the executive board of the FDNY Fire Family Transport Foundation, an organization devoted to providing care and comfort to the families of firefighters during times of great need or bereavement. Jimmy was also deeply involved with charitable work on behalf of wounded veterans and their families. He made numerous trips to Washington, D.C. to visit veterans in military hospitals, and assisted in many sponsored events for vets and their families. A lifetime member of the American Legion, Jimmy served as the Commander of Post 1836, at the Boulevard Gardens in Woodside, Queens. In that role, he helped to educate the community on the profound sacrifices made by those who choose to serve our country in the armed forces. A lifelong Woodside resident, Jimmy devoted his time after retirement from the FDNY to improving his local community. He served as the President of the Boulevard Gardens Coop Board for 15 years, the longest anyone had ever held the position. During his tenure, he worked to improve communication between the local precinct, the community board, and the Coop board in order to assure that issues were dealt with in a timely manner. Jimmy was also instrumental in the fight to bring fair assessment to property values for coops across New York City. Over his tenure as President, the Boulevard Gardens community saw a marked increase in the quality of life and overall safety, as well as the financial standing of the coop. Jimmy Lanza lived his entire life in service of others. His was the highest ideal of a life devoted to one’s community and country, and should serve as an example for us all to aspire to. He was a truly great man, and also a dear friend of mine. He was a devoted family man, and is survived by his beloved sister Marian, his nephews Keith and Michael, niece Stephanie, grandnieces Emily and Eva, grandnephews Brandon and Andrew, countless friends, and all of the lives he touched over the years. Mr. Speaker, Jimmy’s commitment to both community and country was, and will continue to be, an inspiration to all of us. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and legacy of James J. Lanza. May he rest in peace. 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE RIGHT TO DEMAND THE PRESIDENT RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, every year at this time tens of millions of Americans are completing their tax returns and rushing to the nearest post office to mail them before the deadline. No one likes to pay taxes but the vast majority of Americans voluntarily comply out of their respect for law and because paying taxes is one of the responsibilities of citizenship. That responsibility is placed upon and assumed by struggling wage earners to the wealthiest individuals in America. And that even includes the President of the United States. Americans have the right to expect and to know that the leader of their country, and the most powerful person on Earth, is paying his fair share of taxes that fund the government he heads, the Armed Forces he commands, the nuclear arsenal he controls, the Secret Service protection he receives, and the White House he lives in. 
And that is why thousands of persons took to the streets last Saturday in peaceful protest to demand that the President of the United States do what every President since Gerald Ford in 1976 has done. And that is to release his tax returns while in office. Trump is the first President since Watergate to refuse to release his tax information to the public. Full release of Trump’s tax returns will provide the public with clear information as to his potential conflicts of interest and entanglements with foreign governments and businesses. A recent Washington PostABC News poll found that 74 percent of Americans, including 53 percent of Republicans, believe Trump should release his tax returns. All roads lead back to the President’s tax returns, and the light they can shine on his actions. As chief steward of America’s extensive domestic, global, and national security interests, the fidelity of the President of the United States to the national interest must never be subject to question or doubt. Trump’s extensive financial interests in more than 100 companies operating in more than 18 countries and on five continents potentially represent major conflicts of interest between his personal financial interests and the national interests of the American people. A preliminary analysis of Trump’s extensive financial arrangements reveals dozens of potential conflicts of interest. For example, Trump has received more than $10 million from his interest in the Trump Towers Istanbul in Turkey, a country with which the United States has extensive, complicated, and politically sensitive military and diplomatic relations. Since August 2015, Trump’s business organizations have registered eight separate companies connected to hotel deals in Saudi Arabia, which is located in one of the world’s most critical geopolitical regions. Based on the limited and inadequate financial disclosures he has made to date, it appears that Trump’s business organization is financially dependent upon, and obligated to, Deutsche Bank, its biggest lender, which happens to be negotiating a multibilliondollar settlement over housingcrisisera abuses with the Justice Department, a deal that will be finalized with Justice Department officials appointed by Trump. Companies owned or controlled by Trump’s organization also owe hundreds of millions of dollars to the stateowned Bank of China and to Wall Street interests. The American people are entitled to assume without hesitation or doubt that when the President of the United States meets with foreign leaders and dignitaries that he is motivated only by what is in the national interest and not the private, pecuniary interests of himself, his family members, or his business enterprises. That assurance cannot be provided when the President of the United States has enormous financial stakes in the enterprises operating in those same foreign countries and refuses to release his tax returns for examination by the public. It is for this reason—to ensure that the President’s loyalty will always be to the nation he leads—that the Framers included the Emoluments Clause in Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution, which provides that: ‘no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.’ According to leading experts in ethics, a prohibited emolument would include, for example, anything from a foreign government that benefits Trump, such as providing favorable tax, zoning, licensing treatment for his real estate holdings or enhanced security to protect his business operations. The financial interests of Trump are extensive, complex, and interconnected with the interests of foreign leaders and countries. They are allencompassing and timeconsuming. But they pale in comparison to the global, diplomatic, economic, and national security interests of the United States, which supersede the interests of any one person or corporation. As the Scriptures teach, you cannot serve two masters. And that is why, Mr. Speaker, I believe the President must make a choice, either he should: 1. release his tax returns and divest all of his financial interests; or 2. relinquish the office he holds due to his inability to ‘take care that the Laws be faithfully executed’ and ‘to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.’ 
IN RECOGNITION OF RICHARD BERNSTEIN FOR RECEIVING THE JOHN DINGELL OUTSTANDING PUBLIC OFFICIAL AWARD 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Richard Bernstein for receiving the John Dingell Outstanding Public Official Award at the 2017 Governor’s Fitness Awards Banquet. Mr. Bernstein has had an outstanding legal career and served as a justice on the Michigan Supreme Court with distinction. After earning a law degree from Northwestern University in 1999, Mr. Bernstein joined the Law Offices of Sam Bernstein, where his work focused on defending the rights of the disabled. In addition to his work in ensuring that public facilities in Michigan are accessible by disabled individuals in accordance with federal law, Mr. Bernstein has also served as an advocate for disabled rights internationally through visits and lectures in various countries, including Australia, Ecuador and Israel. Mr. Bernstein has also compiled a distinguished career in public service. In addition to currently serving an 8year term on the Michigan Supreme Court, Bernstein has previously been elected to the Wayne State University Board of Governors in 2002 and serving as its chair from 2009 to 2010. Mr. Bernstein has fought tirelessly on behalf of Michigan residents and those with disabilities. During his time in private practice, Mr. Bernstein helped represent the Paralyzed Veterans of America in a case that resulted in improved accessibility to the University of Michigan’s athletic facilities. In addition, his advocacy and effort have resulted in improved accessibility for disabled fliers at Detroit Metro Airport. For these accomplishments, Mr. Bernstein has received numerous awards, including the University of Michigan’s James T. Neubacher Award for his work to ensure equal rights for individuals with disabilities. Mr. Bernstein’s record of outstanding public service and advocacy on behalf of Michigan residents is more than deserving of this prestigious award. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Richard Bernstein and his record of achievement. Mr. Bernstein’s professional record and public service have benefited Michigan and are worthy of commendation. f 
Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mr. Bill Gaskin of Chagrin Falls, Ohio, who for the past forty years has committed his life to growing manufacturing in Northeast Ohio and around the country. Having worked at the Precision Metalforming Association, based in Independence, Ohio, since 1977, Bill has spent the past seventeen years as its President, and helped guide the metalworking industry through some perilous times and lately, through significant growth. Manufacturing is the backbone of our economy, not just in Ohio but throughout the country. Businesses like those in my district are providing familysustaining careers to more than 12 million Americans now working in manufacturing. Upon his retirement this year, Bill will leave the metalworking industry in much stronger shape than when he first became involved forty years ago. The industry is more vibrant than ever, in part due to the efforts of Bill and others who have committed themselves to strengthening manufacturing in America. I hope that Bill’s dedication will serve as an example to future generations of manufacturing leaders. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DOMINION WOMAN’S CLUB 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to use this time to recognize the 10th anniversary of the Dominion Woman’s Club (DWC) in Virginia’s 10th District. The DWC is a member and volunteer organization that focuses on enhancing our community and advocating for important issues—such as performing arts, education, leadership, hospitality, and conservation—through volunteer service in both Prince William and Fauquier Counties. The DWC was founded in 2007 under the guidance of the General Federation of Women’s Clubs of Virginia (GFWC–VA). The GFWC–VA, founded in 1890, focuses on promoting culture and education, increasing domestic abuse awareness, and also establishing smaller, local clubs across Virginia. The 
DWC’s first President was Nanette McKeel Petrella, and many current members credit the club’s early success to her leadership and vision. Today the DWC supports a wide variety of organizations and groups across Prince William and Fauquier Counties, including Bull Run Mountain Conservancy, the Haymarket Regional Food Pantry, Haymarket Elementary School, and more. The members of the club come from many different backgrounds, including teachers, counselors, professional moms, and women involved in various other volunteer organizations in their community, and while their levels of participation and interests may vary, they each share the common goal of serving their community and empowering one another. The club’s current coPresidents, Susan Sivori and Celeste Corrigan, have been members of the DWC for a combined 16 years— a true testament to their dedication to our community and helping others. Under their leadership in 2016, the club participated in 49 volunteer programs, contributed 2,746 volunteer hours, and donated over $7,000 to local groups and organizations and over $24,000 in inkind donations. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding the Dominion Woman’s Club for its dedication to serving our community for the past 10 years. I wish Ms. Sivori, Ms. Corrigan, and the entire organization the best in their future endeavors. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of recognizing Calvary Temple in Allentown, Pennsylvania on the occasion of its 100th anniversary. During the last century, Calvary Temple has served as a place of spiritual enlightenment and refuge to the City of Allentown and the surrounding Lehigh Valley. Calvary Temple began in 1917 as an informal gathering of 12 believers who met in one another’s houses to pray for the salvation of close friends and family members. Led by layman Edwin C. Conrad from the 12th Street Baptist Church of Allentown, the group devoted itself to building a new meeting space that could accommodate their growing attendance numbers. By 1922, a groundbreaking was held for the new building, and the group officially deemed their organization the Pentecostal Prayer Band—Assembly of God. The church wasted no time in establishing ministries, both locally and internationally. Sister Mary Lindberg became the church’s representative in India, establishing missionary outreach, which continues to this day. In Allentown, the church began to work with the elderly and inmates at the Lehigh County Prison. Additionally, baptismal services for new members were held at Jordan Park in the nearby river. In the following decades, despite initial hardships, the church continued to devise creative ways of ministering to the surrounding community, including radio and television broadcasts, an annual summer camp, and eventually, Allentown Christian School. Finally, after a number of name changes, the church adopted the name Calvary Temple, and ultimately decided to withdraw from the Assemblies of God in order to become a selfgoverning, nondenominational body of believers. Today, Calvary Temple remains a beacon of innovation and community service in its current location. In addition to its four Sunday services, the church hosts small group ministries across the Lehigh Valley throughout the week, and they remain a dedicated and hospitable presence in Allentown. It is with the utmost respect and appreciation that I ask the House to join me in offering well wishes and congratulations to the men and women of Calvary Temple. May the next century bring about continued congregational growth and meaningful outreach to the Lehigh Valley. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MIKE ILITCH FOR RECEIVING THE 2017 VERN SEEFELDT LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mike Ilitch for receiving the 2017 Vern Seefeldt Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2017 Governor’s Fitness Awards Banquet. Mr. Ilitch was a Detroit icon whose business and philanthropy have shaped Detroit and the surrounding communities. A lifelong Detroiter, Mr. Ilitch joined the Marines after graduating from Cooley High School and then played professional baseball in the Detroit Tigers organization. He then began a pizza operation that, along with his success as a doortodoor salesman, earned enough money to open a dedicated restaurant called Little Caesar’s. The chain became a massive success, and Mr. Ilitch used the proceeds to purchase the Detroit Red Wings and Detroit Tigers sports franchises. Additionally, Mr. Ilitch was a strong supporter of the city of Detroit, refurbishing the Fox Theatre and moving his business headquarters downtown in the 1980s, and continued to support education, nonprofit and civic initiatives in the city throughout his life. Mr. Ilitch is a Detroit icon whose life and work impacted countless individuals and was crucial to the City of Detroit’s revival. His passion and hard work created a worldclass organization in Ilitch Holdings, and he was committed to helping Detroit and its citizens throughout his life. Additionally, Mr. Ilitch revived two of America’s great sports teams in the Detroit Tigers and Red Wings, bringing Detroit four Stanley Cups and two American League pennants while helping revitalize downtown. In addition, Mr. Ilitch was a committed philanthropist whose nonprofit organization, Ilitch Charities, invested in the community and future of southeast Michigan through its contributions to Detroit area civil groups. He was also a committed father and authentic individual with a kind heart, and he is missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mike Ilitch for receiving the 2017 Vern Seefeldt Lifetime Achievement Award. Mr. Ilitch was a once in a generation entrepreneur and philanthropist whose work impacted countless lives. IN RECOGNITION OF SEAN ENGLISH HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the heroic actions of Sean English of Northville, Michigan. As he and his family drove down I–96 in Detroit, they witnessed a rolled over SUV and selflessly pulled over to help a fellow Michigander. However, at the scene of the accident, Sean and another Good Samaritan, Cynthia Ray, were struck by another vehicle. Tragically, Cynthia Ray, a doctor at Henry Ford Hospital, passed. However, thanks to the actions of Michigan State Police Trooper Patrick Arena, we are blessed to have Sean still with us. As a junior at University of Detroit Jesuit High School, Sean is admired by his classmates and teachers alike. His dedication to service and kind and uplifting spirit make him the true embodiment of his high school’s motto—‘‘men for others.’’ A shining star on his school’s cross country and track teams, he is a talented runner who challenges not only himself, but his teammates and his friends to give it their all and be the best they can at everything they do. I am so thankful that Sean will continue to be a vibrant presence in our community, surrounded by his family, friends, and fellow Michiganders who will continue to recognize his selflessness on that day and as he continues to serve others. Sean’s a fighter with an unbreakable spirit— a spirit that will sustain him as he experiences life’s peaks and triumphs over its hurdles. My thoughts and prayers are with Sean and his family—John, Peggy, and Megan—as he makes a speedy recovery. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Quinn Michael Pfender, on the day of his TwentySecond birthday. Quinn is a shining example of a young man, whose characteristics of hard work, determination, and faith exemplify everything we hope to see in our future generations. It is my privilege to recognize him on the Floor of the House of Representatives in our nation’s capital. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Fritz Gerhard Hetzel, a devoted husband, father and grandfather; successful businessman and civic leader; and the 
Godfather of the Toledoarea GermanAmerican Festival. Fritz was born on July 4, 1931, and grew up in wartorn Germany. He lost his father and other members of his family during the conflict. These tragedies and the difficulty that his mother and his sister and he lived through taught him many things. One such lesson was one that he passed down to his children and grandchildren: ‘‘Tough times don’t last but tough people do.’’ As his wife Ann says, ‘‘That was his mantra with the kids, and even for himself. He went through a lot.’’ After the war, Fritz learned to be a barber and cut hair at the U.S. 7th Army headquarters in Heidelberg. It was appropriate that Fritz was born on the Fourth of July because his time spent working on the base inspired him to move to the United States. He first immigrated to Canada where he worked as a barber and then earned enough to be granted a U.S. visa. In 1958, Fritz moved to Toledo, Ohio and began his new life by purchasing a barber business. He later went into sales at Ottawa Hills Memorial Park and was a coowner of Fritz and Alfredo’s, where the German and Mexican dishes on the menu were very popular. Fritz thrived in Toledo, meeting his loving wife Ann, whom he married on September 9, 1961. He and Ann had 2 daughters, Susan Molloy and Tina Zientarski, and were blessed with six grandchildren: Mitchell, Michael, Matthew, Katherine, Zachary and Grace. He dedicated himself to his family and to sharing his pride of his German heritage. He was an active member of the American Turners Club, Bavarian Sports Club and the Toledo Schwaben Verein. At one point there were seven separate German societies in Toledo, and Fritz, along with his friends, was instrumental in bringing the seven societies together to organize one major event, the annual GermanAmerican Festival which attracts over 35,000 people annually. The first GermanAmerican festival was held in 1966. Fritz was passionate about music as well, where he led one of the area’s most popular German bands, The Tirolers. The band played German music at festival and functions in Ohio, Michigan, Indiana and Pennsylvania. In 1977, he received the Bundesverdienstkreuz, or, the Federal Cross of Merit from the Federal Republic of Germany, an honor given to citizens of other countries who work to promote German cultural activities in the United States. Upon his retirement from the restaurant business in Toledo in 2005, Fritz and Ann moved to Delray Beach, Florida, where he immediately joined the Lantana GermanAmerican Club and led as the Director of the Club Choir. Fritz Gerhard Hetzel had neverending energy and gave his all to his family, community, businesses, and cultural activities. We should all aspire to be a selfless leader as he was. Goodbye (Auf Wiedersehen), Fritz. IN RECOGNITION OF LTC CHARLES KETTLES FOR HIS BRAVERY AND SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Colonel Charles Kettles for his outstanding service to the United States during the Vietnam War. LTC Kettles’ quick thinking and actions during a firefight with the enemy singlehandedly saved the lives of 44 fellow service members. LTC Kettles began his military career in 1951 when he was drafted into the Army. He was then commissioned as an armor officer in the Army Reserve in 1953 and subsequently graduated from Army Aviation School, after which time he served active duty tours in Japan, Korea and Thailand. Kettles returned to serve in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War, where he demonstrated outstanding heroism and service on behalf of the country. On May 15, 1967, after an airborne infantry unit was ambushed in the Song Tra Cau riverbed in Vietnam by the North Vietnamese Army, thenMajor Kettles led three helicopter flights into extremely hostile territory to deliver supplies, reinforcements, and evacuate the wounded and trapped. During the final flight, shortly after leaving the landing zone, then Major Kettles was informed that eight soldiers remained on the ground. Without hesitating, he returned on his own, without regard for his own safety and with no other support, to rescue the remaining men. For his actions, LTC Kettles was awarded the Medal of Honor on June 18, 2016, following a large grassroots effort as well as a special Act of Congress to waive the time limit for the award. LTC Kettles is a true American hero whose bravery and courage under fire are extraordinary and worthy of special commendation. With the efforts of the Veterans History Project, his friends and family, as well as a bipartisan effort from Congress, LTC Kettles was finally able to receive the recognition he deserved. It is a privilege to honor LTC Kettles for his selfless actions that saved so many lives. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring LTC Charles Kettles for record of bravery during the Vietnam War. His actions will stand the test of time as an example of true valor and courage. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GRAND OPENING OF MOPAR’S WINCHESTER PARTS DISTRIBUTION CENTER 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with you and our colleagues the news of an infusion of economic vitality in Virginia’s 10th Congressional District. On Tuesday, April 18th, Mopar, the service, parts and customer care brand of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, will have celebrated the Grand Opening of a 400,000plus square foot parts distribution center outside of Winchester, in the northern Shenandoah Valley. When fully operational this November, Mopar will have hired 70 workers who, each year, will be shipping 9.2 million auto parts to a couple hundred dealerships in the midAtlantic region. Mopar has signed a 15year lease with Equus Capital Partners and will invest $12.2 million into equipment for the facility. First introduced as the name of a line of antifreeze products in 1937, the Mopar brand, which comes from a contraction of the words ‘‘motor parts,’’ celebrates 80 years of a significant transformation that today encompasses total service, parts and customer care for Fiat Chrysler Automobile owners around the globe. The choice of Frederick County, Virginia is an ideal location for Mopar in fulfilling its goal of better and more efficiently servicing MidAtlantic regional dealers. Located at the mid point of the East Coast, Mopar will be able to move product in and out of Frederick County with ease via multiple highways, including Interstates 81 and 66. Frederick County’s pro business tax structure and important workforce development initiatives have led to the county being recognized as among the top 10 percent of all Virginia localities for new job creation and top 15 percent for capital investment over the past decade. In fact, Forbes lists Frederick County and the greater Winchester region as among the top 20 ‘‘best small places for business and careers’’ in the nation. The quality of the workforce is a critically important consideration of companies as they make decisions about where to locate their operations and I am proud of my constituents in the northern Shenandoah Valley for being the hard working, welleducated workforce that attracts employers to the area. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in congratulating Fiat Chrysler Automobiles’ Mopar, for 80 years of success and for hiring American workers to distribute automobile parts to customers around the nation, including an additional 70 workers who will be hired at the newly established distribution center in Frederick County, Virginia. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Brianne Sanchez for being named a 2017 Forty Under 40 honoree by the awardwinning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty upandcoming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involvement and success in their chosen career field. The 2017 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 680 past business leaders and growing. Brianne is the Community Relations Manager at Des Moines University, and is very active in the young professional’s community in 
Des Moines. She was honored as the 2015 YPC Amy Jennings YP Impact Award winner, and cofounded the Des Moines Chapter of the Young Nonprofit Professionals Network. Brianne enjoys spending time with her husband Joe and children Emmett and Eileen, especially going for family bike rides. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to represent leaders like Brianne in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Brianne on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2017 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize a familyowned and operated company celebrating its 50th anniversary on April 21, 2017. When it comes to trends that will keep America competitive in the global economy for generations to come, we think of innovation, entrepreneurship, environmentally friendly businesses, and manufacturing. I was sent to Congress by my constituents to look for innovative ways to bring these trends together, and today I am reminded that a shining example resides right here in my district in Addison, Illinois. The founding of Earth Friendly Products (ECOS) is a story that rivals any other. The founder, Van Vlahakis, immigrated from Greece to the United States with $22 in his pocket in 1953 to escape poverty after World War II. First living in homeless shelters and speaking little English, he went on to study chemistry at Roosevelt University while working the night shift at a cleaning products company. During his work, he was exposed to harsh chemicals that gave him headaches and caused coworkers to suffer from rashes and other irritations. Remembering that his mother in Greece used natural substances such as water, vinegar and olive oil for cleaning, Vlahakis decided to start his own business to make better cleaning products. In 1967, he created in his home’s garage what would become Earth Friendly Products. ECOS now sells more than 200 environmentally friendly cleaning products in more than 60 countries and has been recognized with safety awards by the Environmental Protection Agency. We all know we need to make more things in America again. ECOS is a great example of using clean technology to do that while still creating jobs for Illinois working families. Transforming Illinois into a center for science, technology, and innovation is the kind of opportunity that many of us envision for our state. This 50th anniversary for ECOS is an opportunity to remind the country that we can continue to use clean products that protect the environment while creating goodpaying jobs at the same time. For ECOS, that means a $17 per hour companywide minimum wage started by the company in 2014. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have Earth Friendly Products in my district, and I look forward to the company continuing to create jobs for my constituents for the next 50 years. I celebrate the 50th anniversary of ECOS and the impact the company has had throughout the country. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DICK THELEN FOR HIS OUTSTANDING SERVICE DURING THE SECOND WORLD WAR 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dick Thelen for being named a finalist for the Wins for Warriors Veteran of the Year Award at the 2017 Governor’s Fitness Awards Banquet. Mr. Thelen served his country with distinction and demonstrated extraordinary courage during the sinking of the USS Indianapolis during World War II. Mr. Thelen, born and raised in Lansing, Michigan, joined the United States Navy in 1944 at the age of 17. The following year, he was posted on the USS Indianapolis in the Pacific as it was tasked with delivering the first atomic bomb to the Mariana Islands. After completing this task, the ship moved toward the Philippines to meet up with the 7th Fleet in preparation for a possible invasion of the Japanese mainland. However, during its voyage, the USS Indianapolis was attacked and sunk by a Japanese submarine. In the aftermath, Thelen and hundreds of other sailors were forced to float in the water for days while awaiting rescue. Of the crew of 1,197, only 317, including Thelen, made it home. Thelen is a true hero who endured unspeakable hardship during his service to the United States. His actions and cool head during the aftermath of the USS Indianapolis sinking saved lives, and perseverance and character during these difficult circumstances speaks to his resourcefulness and tenacity. It is heartening to see Mr. Thelen continue to be recognized for his heroism, and events like these provide an important opportunity to reflect on the sacrifices our veterans make for our country and the values that it represents. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dick Thelen for being named a finalist for the 2017 Wins for Warriors Veteran of the Year Award. Mr. Thelen is a true hero who has made tremendous sacrifices on behalf of our country. 
TRIBUTE TO CINDY COOKE, DNP, FNP–C, FAANP, AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF NURSE PRACTITIONERS 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize a constituent of mine, Cindy Cooke, DNP, FNP–C, FAANP, of Huntsville, Alabama, for her service over the last two years as President of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners (AANP). Dr. Cooke has an exemplary career of service with 42 years as an experienced nurse and nurse practitioner. As a nationally board certified family nurse practitioner, Dr. Cooke has provided care to patients for 18 years and for over 12 years exclusively to active duty and retired military members and their families Dr. Cooke has been involved in local, state, and national nurse practitioner organizations. Prior to her term as AANP President, Dr. Cooke was past President of North Alabama Nurse Practitioner Association (NANPA), the founding President of the Nurse Practitioner Alliance of Alabama (NPAA), past American Academy of Nurse Practitioners (AANP) State Representative for Alabama, and past AANP Regional Director. Dr. Cooke has been active in speaking locally and nationally on various clinical and health policy topics. She was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners in 2009. The American Association of Nurse Practitioners is a national professional membership organization representing over 225,000 nurse practitioners nationally. Under Dr. Cooke’s tenure, AANP membership has grown to more than 75,000 members, making AANP the largest nurse practitioner organization in the world. Dr. Cooke has helped lead nurse practitioners in transforming patientcentered health care and has made tremendous strides in ensuring that policy makers and the public understand the care that nurse practitioners provide to millions of Americans each year. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Cooke on a successful term as President of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners and in thanking her for the excellent care she has provided to her patients, the nurse practitioner profession, and the constituents in the Fifth District of Alabama. f 
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY VISION2READ NATIONAL PRESS CONFERENCE SCHEDULED FOR APRIL 19, 2017 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the San Bernardino County Board of Supervisors, San Bernardino Council of Governments Board of Directors, and school districts and agencies throughout San Bernardino County that have adopted the County’s Vision2Read early literacy program. The San Bernardino County Vision2Read National Press Conference was held on April 19, 2017 to announce a newly formed partnership between San Bernardino County Superintendent of Schools, San Bernardino County Preschool Services, First 5 San Bernardino, and the Children’s Fund, which will offer the nationally acclaimed services of Footsteps2Brilliance to residents in San Bernardino County. Footsteps2Brilliance will provide free access to early literacy activities in English and Spanish to all families with pre kindergarten children. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to thank all agencies, organizations, and volunteers involved in this collaboration to provide the resources of 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MANASSAS BASEBALL LEAGUE 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 60th anniversary of the Greater Manassas Baseball League and express gratitude to all those that have contributed both to the success of this volunteer organization and to the development of the youth of Manassas and Prince William County. In spring of 1957, the league was established with only 4 teams—Manassas Lumber, Mifco (Manassas Ice and Fuel Company), Merchant’s Firestone, and Martin Chevrolet— also known as ‘‘The Four M’s.’’ Each team was fully sponsored by local businesses, which contributed greatly to the community feel of this smalltown little league. In fact, Mifco, after 60 years, remains a proud sponsor of the league. In 1978, the late Harry J. Parrish, who was then mayor of Manassas, and Caton Merchant spearheaded the efforts to expand the league, renaming it The Greater Manassas Baseball League. Then in 1981, IBM donated land to the City of Manassas for the construction of a baseball complex. The league today, under the leadership of President Kevin Jennings, consists of nearly 75 teams across all age groups, hosts a variety of fundraisers and events, and still uses the original baseball complex constructed in 1981. I owe a great debt of gratitude to the Manassas community, local businesses, parents, and coaches for supporting the league throughout the course of its 60year existence. Today, the league affords many of my young constituents the opportunity to learn the values of confidence and positive character through the various lessons taught in baseball and softball. Sports not only promote healthy living and foster personal growth, but they also are an excellent way to engage with our youth. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues join me in thanking the Greater Manassas Baseball League and its current President, Kevin Jennings, for their commitment to the youth of Manassas. I wish Mr. Jennings, the rest of the Board of Directors, parents, coaches, and all of the littleleaguers the best in their collaborative efforts and future endeavors. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF THE STOUT THEATRE COMPANY AND ITS PRODUCTION OF ALADDIN JR. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Stout Theatre Company on the opening date of its production of Aladdin Jr. For the past three years, the Stout Theatre has provided entertainment and enrichment activities for Dearborn youth through its production and showcasing of musical theatre. Founded in 2014, the Stout Theatre Company is a studentled enterprise that provides opportunities for personal expression, growth and creativity through its production of plays and community events. STC began at Stout Middle School in Dearborn, Michigan, but has since expanded and now works with youth in surrounding elementary and middle schools to stage musical and dramatic productions. In addition to performing the musical Aladdin Jr., past STC productions have included Hairspray and a musical adaptation of the film Stand and Deliver. The success of these productions has established STC as an important pillar of the community. STC has not only provided entertainment to the greater Dearborn community, but its productions help provide opportunities for leadership, growth and personal development for Dearborn area students. The months of rehearsals in preparation for the production are a testament to the hard work and dedication of the students and staff involved, and the creativity and dedication of all involved in this undertaking have been key to making the play a success. The STC continues to distinguish itself through its elaborate production and strong performances of the featured students, and it is my hope that the STC will continue to build on the success of previous productions while providing students with the opportunity to gain teamwork and valuable life skills in the years ahead. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Stout Theatre Company for its record of success on the date of its premiere of Aladdin Jr. The students and staff involved in these and other productions have continued to demonstrate their talent and commitment. 
The Senate met at 7:20:05 p.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 7:20:32 p.m., until 3 p.m., on Monday, April 24, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 public bills, H.R. 2104–2114; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 273 were introduced.
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 1695, to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–91).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thomas J. Rooney (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Alisa Lasater Wailoo, Capitol Hill United Methodist Church, Washington, DC. 
Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress—Reappointment: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Clerk of the House, pursuant to 44 United States Code 2702, the reappointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Dr. Sharon Leon, Fairfax, Virginia.                           Page H2809 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 4 p.m. and adjourned at 4:03 p.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, April 24 
Program for Monday: Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Sonny Perdue to be Secretary of Agriculture, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Sonny Perdue to be Secretary of Agriculture, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Rod J. Rosenstein to be Deputy Attorney General. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, April 24 
Program for Monday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
HOUSE Brooks, Mo, Ala., E518 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E514, E515, E517, E519 Cook, Paul, Calif., E514, E518 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E514 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E516 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E513, E515, E516, E517, E518, E519 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E513 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E516 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E514 Joyce, David P., Ohio, E515 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E516 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E518 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E513 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E513 Trott, David A., Mich., E516 Young, David, Iowa, E517 