Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this week we will consider the most important bill that this House will consider in this Congress. Every day we are hearing from more and more Republican Members of this House and of the Senate who oppose— who oppose—who oppose—the dan-gerous healthcare bill on the floor this week. Just yesterday, conservative Repub-lican Representative J
USTIN AMASH  tweeted the following—a very conserv-ative Republican from the mid-part of our country said this: ‘‘While I’ve been in Congress, I can’t recall a more uni-versally detested piece of legislation than this GOP healthcare bill.’’ Or health no care bill. This is just the most recent in a long list of statements by Republicans on the demerits—demerits—of the bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. It is interesting that they have named it the American Health Care Act. The only thing they struck from our title was ‘‘affordable.’’ It should tell you something about the bill. They replace it with a system that requires Americans to pay more and get less. This bill has been rushed through the committees without a single public hearing—not one, no testimony or ex-pert view. And when the committees marked it up, it did not have what we call a CBO score. That is simply Washington-speak for the agency that is nonpartisan, bipar-tisan, with the Director appointed by the Republicans to give us the advice of the consequences of the enactment of such legislation. They came back and told us that there would be 24 million less Ameri-cans insured by 2026. That would total 58 million uninsured Americans as a re-sult of this bill just 9 years from now. Republicans are rushing it to the floor for two reasons. First, they know that if the American people see what this bill would do and what it would cost, it wouldn’t pass. As a matter of fact, we have some in-formation on that already because, at town meeting after town meeting after town meeting that Republicans have held and Democrats have held on this bill, the overwhelming number of peo-ple that came to those town meetings said: This is a bad bill. It will hurt us. It will hurt our health care. It will hurt our families. It will hurt our children. We are rushing this bill that was in-troduced just some 2
1⁄2weeks ago. It was introduced on a Monday night, late at night. It was marked up less than 36 hours later in both committees. And they were so intent on getting it marked up and speeding it along that they held a hearing for 26 hours straight. Excuse me. It was not a hear-ing. No witnesses. They just held a markup for 26 hours straight. Now, I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that millions of Americans were awake at 4 a.m. in the morning to see what the committee was doing. Obviously, I am not sure of that at all. Perhaps that was the strategy. Now that the CBO score which I just related to you has been released, we know the harm that this bill will bring. As I said, 24 million Americans kicked off their insurance, including 7 million Americans who are currently covered under plans provided by their employ-ers, premiums for individual policy-holders rising 24 to 29 percent. This is not my view. This is the Con-gressional Budget Office, whose Direc-tor was appointed by this Republican Congress. His predecessor, Dr. Elmen-dorf, testified in a hearing that we held, because Republicans refused to hold a hearing on this bill, and he agreed with the Republican-appointed Director and Congressional Budget Of-fice. So you have a bipartisan agreement that this bill will harm Americans— and not just those 24 million Ameri-cans. It will harm all Americans be-cause their premiums and copays and deductibles will go up. States will be forced to drop 14 million Americans from Medicaid—and I understand there is a manager’s amendment that is going to make it worse—while cutting benefits and provider payments. A less fiscally sustainable future for Medicare, they shorten the life of Medicare’s fiscal sustainability by 3 years, from 2028 down to 2025. The list goes on, Mr. Speaker, of the reasons why this bill would be a dis-aster for families in our country. The second reason they pushed the bill through so quickly is because they wanted to bring it to the floor this week—not next week, not the week after, not after thorough consideration, not after hearings, not after listening to the American people, but this week. Why this week? Because this week marks the seventh anniversary of the enactment of the law they are seeking to repeal, in other words, optics, spin, propaganda, message. That is what their timeline and their bill are all about: messaging—not results, not re-form, political messaging. This is the fulfillment of a campaign pledge based on a premise that is no longer sustainable. Seven years after the law’s enactment the facts are clear. It has expanded coverage, improved benefits, banned discrimination against women and people with pre-existing conditions and disabilities, and prohibited annual and lifetime lim-its on coverage. Now, they keep some of those things in their bill because they were so pop-ular they thought they couldn’t get rid of them. But they have voted 65 times to repeal all those benefits. Is the Affordable Care Act perfect? Of course not. In the areas where it has fallen short, let’s fix it—together. But this bill—this bill repealing the law and making Americans pay more for less—will throw our healthcare sys-tem into turmoil and put millions of families and small businesses at risk. That is why doctors oppose it. That is why hospitals oppose it. That is why senior organizations like AARP oppose it. There are literally 1,000 organiza-tions, plus, that have opposed this leg-islation. We are now hearing reports, Mr. Speaker, that Republican leaders are making secret backroom deals with in-dividual Members in order to win their support, the kind of desperate maneu-vering that shows how unpopular this bill is. Republicans, Mr. Speaker, must re-member that, as the governing major-ity, they will be responsible for what happens to our healthcare system under their watch. And I do not just mean this bill. I mean the lack of cer-tainty and the turmoil that they have been creating for the Affordable Care Act market since not only Trump was elected, but since they started attack-ing this bill some years ago. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican friends, for the sake of their constitu-ents, for the sake of the children of this country, for the sake of those who are at risk because of health challenges that confront them, I urge my Repub-lican friends to abandon this dangerous bill and instead work with us to strengthen our healthcare system for all of our citizens. f 
b1015 CONGRATULATING ROTARY CLUB OF MIAMI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the Rotary Club of Miami on its 100th anniversary, which will be celebrated through the Century of Service Gala this Saturday, March 25. The Rotary Club of Miami is the fifth oldest rotary club in Florida, and has been working around-the-clock to make positive and long-lasting con-tributions to our beautiful south Flor-ida community. Through community service projects and philanthropy, this organization has helped establish sev-eral institutions that aim to assist some of the most vulnerable members of our society, including the Miami Lighthouse for the Blind, the YMCA of Greater Miami, and Boys Town of Flor-ida. Since its inception, the Rotary Club of Miami has been headed by extraor-dinary individuals with a vision to make south Florida an even better place in which to live. Its first presi-dent was Dr. James Jackson, who was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.014 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2245 March 21, 2017 
instrumental in establishing Jackson Memorial Hospital, which is now the third largest public hospital and the third largest teaching hospital in our great country. Another Miami staple of the Rotary Club of Miami is the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute, which was established by one of the club members, and is ranked the number one eye hospital in the United States. The Rotary Club of Miami also helped found one of the largest burn centers in the south, the Bone and Tis-sue Bank at the University of Miami. And the Rotary Club of Miami has also supported education by providing scholarship opportunities for high school, college, and postgraduate stu-dents. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recog-nize the Rotary Club of Miami for its impressive legacy. I thank everyone who is involved in this club supporting this wonderful organization. And I wish the members of the Rotary Club of Miami much continued success in the decades to come. 
TRIBUTE TO CONGRESSMAN ROBERT GARCIA  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to pay tribute to a former Member of the House, Robert Garcia, or, as we used to call him, Bobby, who passed away nearly 2 months ago. I had the opportunity to serve with Bobby for only a few months before his retirement, but during that short time, I was able to see firsthand his commit-ment to our great Nation. Bobby was a patriot. After grad-uating from high school, Bobby joined the Army and went on to serve as part of the Third Infantry Division in the Korean war, where he earned two Bronze Stars. As the first Hispanic woman elected to Congress, I have been invigorated by Bobby’s unwavering passion to fight for better opportunities for our His-panic community. He was a founding member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute and NALEO, the Na-tional Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials, to ensure that more Hispanics become involved in our political arena. Bobby was also instrumental in guar-anteeing that Hispanics were counted in the U.S. Census. One of Bobby’s leg-acies, Mr. Speaker, was the creation of free enterprise zones designed to spur job creation and economic opportuni-ties in inner city neighborhoods. Bobby also led the effort to establish the Mar-tin Luther King national holiday. The loss of Bobby’s experience and knowledge is felt in New York, in Puer-to Rico, and all across our country by everyone who benefited from his con-tributions. Bobby Garcia’s memory will stand as a great example of a tena-cious public servant and a remarkable life lived. 
f 
REPUBLICAN ATTACK ON MEDICAID The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, one of the most disturbing aspects of the Republican attack on the Afford-able Care Act and the success we have had in extending care to Americans has been the specific attack on Medicaid. Fourteen million of the 24 million peo-ple who will lose coverage under the Republican bill are under the Medicaid program. Medicaid is critical to the provision of health care in the United States. Medicaid covers more people than Medicare. Medicaid expansion has been trans-formational in the 31 States that took advantage of the provision in the Af-fordable Care Act to provide coverage to people who make up to 138 percent of poverty—roughly $16,600 for a single individual and almost $34,000 for a fam-ily of four. Until then, Medicaid has provided ex-tension of care to the elderly, to the poor, and to the disabled. It was help-ful, but very restrictive. In some cases, people who earned a modest sum— $7,000, $10,000, $12,000—were ineligible, especially in those 19 States that re-fused to take advantage of the oppor-tunity to expand the Medicaid coverage at Federal expense. Mr. Speaker, this is America. So even though these poor, disabled people did not have access to Medicaid, many of them did ultimately secure health care. But they got it too late. They got it in the emergency room. They didn’t get it in a clinic in a timely fashion. And, of course, the cost for that char-ity care in emergency rooms or in clin-ics was borne by the rest of us in in-creased costs for our insurance. The Republican draconian provisions, even before they put into effect an ab-solutely unnecessary and unenforce-able work requirement, will be dev-astating to millions. Bear in mind, these people now are receiving care in an appropriate clinic session. They will be getting it now when it is too late, and that burden shifted on to the rest of us. There will be a tax credit that doesn’t help people who don’t have enough money to buy meaningful cov-erage in the private market. Under the Republican plan, coverage will become worse, deductibles and copays will be-come higher, and we risk destabilizing the insurance market for the rest of us. Now, we have heard on the floor, in committee, and on the news shows our Republican friends and the President talking about the Affordable Care Act is in a death spiral and that the insur-ance industry is collapsing. Hardly. There was a fascinating article in the weekend New York Times that looked at the insurance industry. Since March of 2010, with the passage of the Afford-able Care Act, the overall stock mar-ket has more than doubled. It has in-creased 136 percent. But the managed care health organizations have in-creased their stock value almost 300 percent. The largest, UnitedHealth, 480 percent. A signal of an industry in a death spiral? Absolutely not. The companies are healthy and investors are bidding up their stock. The CBO report that our Republican friends did not want us to have before we voted on the bill in committee in the middle of the night testifies to this underlying stability of the insurance market and the Afford-able Care Act. Medicaid under the Republican plan will be shifted back increasingly to the States, which have repeatedly proven that they are incapable of maintaining high eligibility funding to help the poor and the near poor. And when budget crunches hit, it is the poor who suffer most with restrictions in their coverage. We have also heard that the Repub-lican plan will provide much-needed flexibility. That is nonsense. There is already ample flexibility under the Af-fordable Care Act. I represent Oregon. We were able to negotiate an agree-ment with the Federal Government under the 1115 waiver program that other States have that represented a unique partnership with the Federal Government to achieve better care, better results, and restrain Medicare costs. We have got the flexibility. There is no need to destroy the pro-gram. 
f 
OBAMACARE IS FAILING HOOSIERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the opportunity to come here to the floor and talk about what is really happening under the Affordable Care Act, better known by the American people as ObamaCare. I just left a meeting with the Presi-dent of the United States where he lob-bied my colleagues to make clear to the American people what a disaster this law has been and why the law needs to be repealed and replaced with something far better. Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that ObamaCare is failing Hoosiers. Healthcare costs continue to rise, and people have less coverage and less choice today than ever before. No doubt, some have benefited from the law, but millions more Hoosiers have been hurt by the law and are worse off today than they were before this law was passed. I have heard from countless Hoosiers in the Sixth District of Indiana, who are hurting under ObamaCare and who have sent me here to repeal this disas-trous law. There is one message from a con-stituent from Greenfield who said: ‘‘I am a perfectly healthy human being, and I used to pay $230 a month with a $500 deductible for my health care. Since ObamaCare, my premiums have risen to over $1,480 a month with a $10,000 deductible.’’ Or a dad in Shelbyville, who lost the healthcare plan he liked when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.005 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2246 March 21, 2017 
ObamaCare took effect, and whose pre-scription costs for his daughter have now doubled and tripled under ObamaCare. Or the owner of a small telecom com-pany in southern rural Indiana, who tells me that he and his employees have faced higher health insurance rates every year since ObamaCare with out-of-pocket costs increasing as well, not to mention the endless paperwork and red tape. He says: ‘‘ObamaCare has been an absolute disaster for small businesses and our employees.’’ I heard from a cancer survivor from Vevay, whose plan went from $199 a month to over $800 a month, and who couldn’t keep her plan or her doctor. She says: ‘‘I am a cancer survivor, and the old policy has taken me through three surgeries and worked well for me. Now we’re paying over $1,300 a month with a $5,000 deductible, and the policy paid nothing the entire year. Then, we received a notice that, in 2017, the pre-mium would raise again.’’ Or the family physician from Muncie, who told me his patients have ‘‘more limited options, longer wait times for approval of vital procedures and medi-cations, and—through the confusing nature of the health insurance market-place—have ended up with plans they didn’t understand and couldn’t afford.’’ Or the hardworking mom and wife in Shelbyville, whose husband lost hours at work because of ObamaCare’s full- time employee mandates, and whose own health insurance increased in cost with less coverage. She says: ‘‘We work hard for our benefits, and now the ben-efits are terrible. I am paying more for worse coverage, and we lost income. It was a double whammy.’’ These Hoosiers and so many others are being crushed by ObamaCare and its burdensome taxes, mandates, and fees. We can do better for Hoosiers, and this week we will. We will start the process of repealing ObamaCare and re-placing it with something better. This week, Congress will vote on the American Health Care Act, the first phase of our plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This is a transformational change that will do away with ObamaCare’s costly mandates, provide much-needed relief to Hoosiers, and create a healthcare system that actu-ally lowers costs and increases choice. We are going to keep our promise, come together, and get this done. 
f 
b1030 ENDING FEDERAL MARIJUANA PROHIBITION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I am rising today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1227, the Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act, which I have introduced with my Republican colleague, a fellow Army veteran and former prosecutor from the State of Virginia, Congressman TOMGARRETT , where we are seeking to address our outdated and widely problematic mari-juana laws by federally decriminalizing marijuana. FBI reports have shown that, in 2011 alone, an individual in the United States was arrested for marijuana use, sale, or possession every 42 seconds— every 42 seconds—mostly in poor and minority communities. Our current laws are turning everyday Americans into criminals, sending them to jail, ruining their lives, tearing apart fami-lies, and wasting huge amounts of tax-payer dollars to arrest, prosecute, and incarcerate people for marijuana use, a drug that has been proven time and time again to be far less dangerous than alcohol both for individual con-sumers as well as for the people around them. Dr. Donald Abrams, who is chief of oncology at San Francisco General Hospital, has talked about how, in the 37 years that he has worked and served as a physician, the number of patients that he has admitted to his hospital with marijuana complications is zero. The number of patients that he has ad-mitted due to alcohol use is ‘‘pro-found.’’ So, rather than actually helping peo-ple, our current laws are turning them into criminals, forever impacting their future and the future of their families. Over the years, we have spent hundreds of billions of dollars locking people up for nonviolent marijuana offenses, cre-ating strain within our criminal justice system, and clogging court calendars, resulting in further overcrowding of our prisons. Now, just a few weeks ago, I had the chance to go and visit a number of our prisons and jails in Hawaii, where I saw firsthand the crumbling infrastructure, the extreme overcrowding and facili-ties in dire need of upgrades, as well as the shortage of services that are actu-ally needed to help rehabilitate people and reduce our recidivism rates. So whether you personally think that marijuana use is good or bad, whether you would choose to use mari-juana or not, the question is: Should we really be sending people to jail and turning them into criminals for it? The answer is no. The fiscal impacts and the social impacts of our current policy are having devastating ripple effects on individuals and our communities and are only continuing to perpetuate the problem. For example, the contradiction that we see currently between State and Federal laws on marijuana has created a serious problem for many of our local businesses. I have talked with local bankers in my home State of Hawaii who expressed great frustration, and even confusion, about the contradic-tion between our laws with the fact that even though our State of Hawaii has legalized and authorized marijuana dispensaries to grow, process, and dis-pense medical marijuana, Federal law prohibits banks and credit unions from offering any type of financial services to both businesses and individuals whose financial transactions have any-thing to do with marijuana. So what this means in practical terms is that our State-recognized and licensed medical marijuana dispensary owners as well as their employees can’t open a bank account. They can’t get a loan from our local bank. The busi-nesses, literally, have to hold thou-sands, or even millions, of dollars from their transactions and have to conduct their transactions in cash. Businesses that provide services to these medical marijuana dispensaries are also unable to access financial services due to the gaps between Federal and State law. So as we look at ways that we need to update our outdated drug policies and the need for us to reform a very broken criminal justice system, we need to take into account the growing body of evidence that suggests the me-dicinal benefits of marijuana, includ-ing, preventing epileptic seizures, re-ducing anxiety, and even halting the growth of cancer cells. However, the FDA still currently classifies marijuana as a schedule I drug, basically saying that marijuana is just like heroin, LSD, and MDMA, ignoring the fact that at least 28 States, including my home State of Ha-waii, have already accepted the med-ical use of marijuana under State law. In addition to passing H.R. 1227, we need to require the FDA to remove marijuana from schedule I based on State-accepted medical use. These re-forms that we are calling for in this bi-partisan bill are common sense and they are long overdue, long overdue changes that will help to reduce the strain on our criminal justice system, create certainty and reduce contradic-tions and confusion between State and Federal law, and update those Federal laws to actually meet the needs and progress that States are making across the country. 
f 
REPEAL AND REPLACE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, any discussion of the American Health Care Act needs first to consider where we would be without it. ObamaCare is collapsing. More peo-ple are paying the State tax penalty or claiming hardship exemptions than are choosing to buy ObamaCare policies. In a third of the counties across America, there is only one provider to choose, and we are now seeing counties where there are no providers at all. ObamaCare premiums soared an aver-age of 25 percent last year, and we are warned that this year will be worse. I have strongly advocated that the House address this crisis in a single, comprehensive bill that fully repeals ObamaCare and replaces it with a healthy, competitive market. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.006 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2247 March 21, 2017 
Instead, we have to rely on the rec-onciliation process in order to bypass Democratic obstructionism in the Sen-ate, and this only allows us to repeal parts of ObamaCare and enact only parts of a replacement. Finishing the job will require administrative actions and followup legislation in the Senate, both somewhat speculative enterprises. So we need to ask if this bill alone is enough to produce a better healthcare system for the vast majority of people. Its biggest defects are its failure to restore to consumers the failure to shop across State lines and to fully free consumers from having to purchase coverage they don’t need and don’t want. I am afraid in States that have insurance commissioners who refuse to approve innovative replacement plans, consumers will be stuck in a market still governed by ObamaCare mandates. This will require followup measures. Critics cite the Congressional Budget Office estimate that 24 million Ameri-cans will lose their coverage, but this conclusion is largely based on the premise that unless people are forced to buy health insurance they won’t. In fact, people won’t buy health insurance that is not a good value for them; and, clearly, they believe ObamaCare isn’t. We envision a vigorous buyer’s mar-ket where plans across the country compete to offer consumers better services at lower costs, tailored to their own needs and wants. This is the AHCA’s biggest achievement: replacing coercion with choice for every Amer-ican. It ends the individual mandate that forces Americans to buy products they don’t want. It ends the employer man-date that has trapped many low-in-come workers in part-time jobs. It begins to restore consumers’ free-dom of choice, the best guarantee of quality and value in any market. It allows Americans to meet more of their healthcare needs with pretax dol-lars. It relieves the premium base of the enormous cost of preexisting condi-tions by moving them to a block-grant-ed, assigned risk pool. In making this transition, though, it is important to leave no one in the lurch, and that is where we need to heed the CBO’s warning. The fact that many low-income families could no longer afford basic health care is what produced ObamaCare in the first place. Now, when fully implemented, our re-forms will correct the government mandates that trapped people in re-stricted markets that forced health care out of reach. But until then, the CBO warns that a 64-year-old, for ex-ample, earning $26,500 will see her out- of-pocket health costs balloon from $1,700 to $14,600 per year. This is nei-ther morally defensible nor politically sustainable. The Budget Committee adopted my motion, on a bipartisan vote, to ask the House to correct this inequity by adjusting the tax credits to assure that health plans are within the financial reach of every family. I want to thank the leadership for responding to this motion by creating architecture in the bill to shift an additional $75 billion for this purpose. As our pro-growth economic reforms cause incomes to rise and our healthcare reforms bring healthcare costs down, families will be earning more and will be paying less of what they earn for their health care, and re-liance on these tax credits will recede. But we need a bridge from the present to the future, and we simply can’t get there without addressing the bill’s initial impact on older, low-in-come Americans. It is also important that we assure stability in the Medicaid system as we transition to flexible, State-run pro-grams that correct the inequities of ObamaCare that have pushed the elder-ly, blind, and disabled to the back of the Medicaid line. This bill does so. I wish it did everything necessary to restore an optimal health insurance market, but it moves us toward that goal. And even as a stand-alone meas-ure, I am confident that it will ulti-mately create a market in most States that will produce better services, greater choices, and lower costs for the vast majority of Americans. 
f 
THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT HAS IMPROVED AMERICAN LIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, this is a monumental week here on Capitol Hill as we will decide the fate of health care in America. Despite the evidence that the Afford-able Care Act has made a positive dif-ference in the lives of everyday Ameri-cans, Republicans are set to destroy it. But the Affordable Care Act has im-proved the quality of life for tens of millions of people all across this coun-try. As a result of the Affordable Care Act, people born with preexisting con-ditions can no longer be denied health insurance. As a result of the Affordable Care Act, young people can remain on their parents’ health insurance all the way through to the age of 26. As a result of the Affordable Care Act, women can no longer be discrimi-nated against with respect to the issuance of insurance simply based on their gender. As a result of the Affordable Care Act, seniors are paying less for life-saving prescription drug medication. As a result of the Affordable Care Act, more than 1 million people throughout this country—including in rural America—are able to receive sub-stance abuse treatment because of them being caught up in the opioid ad-diction epidemic. The Affordable Care Act has made a positive difference in the lives of every-day Americans, yet this President says it has been a disaster. This is the same President who, for 5 years, perpetrated the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of Amer-ica, who said that he received more votes than Hillary Clinton, who claimed that there were more people at the inauguration than in 2009. This is an individual who still maintains that his predecessor, Barack Obama, com-mitted a felony and ordered a wiretap, despite testimony from the FBI Direc-tor to the contrary. Let’s be clear. What will be an un-mitigated disaster is TrumpCare, which House Republicans are working to jam down the throats of the Amer-ican people. TrumpCare, the Republican healthcare plan, will result in 24 mil-lion Americans losing their health care. TrumpCare, the Republican plan, will gut Medicaid, stripping it of $880 bil-lion, taking dead aim at seniors, the poor, and the afflicted. TrumpCare will impose an age tax on people between the ages of 50 and 64, causing some in that category who are currently paying approximately $1,700 per year to pay close to $14,000 in age tax—on people between 50 and 64. b1045 That is TrumpCare, the Republican plan, an unmitigated disaster taking dead aim at the American people. It will result in tens of thousands of Americans dying. It is a death sen-tence. Seniors will die. The poor will die. The chronically ill will die. Rural Americans will die. People between the age of 50 and 64 will die. And the execu-tioner will be the authors and those who support the Republican healthcare plan. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
MNIKESA’S ACA TESTIMONY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the testimony of one of my constituents. Her name is Mnikesa Whitaker-Haaheim. She is a fifth-gen-eration, college-educated woman, founder of Ballet Haven, a rigorous dance training program. She is an English teacher who has won the Teacher of the Year award twice. And I regret to tell you that she is also living with and dying from a debilitating dis-ease, and these are her words: ‘‘The debate about healthcare has turned into something of a spectacle— as if it exists apart from the flesh and bones that are experiencing the con-sequences of the decisions being made. I think it is exceedingly important to talk about the felt experience of ill-ness. ‘‘The feeling like an elephant’s sit-ting on my chest—daily—because I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.008 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2248 March 21, 2017 
have pulmonary fibrosis. No, I have never smoked. Not cigarettes. Not any-thing. Ever. I am simply sick. The feel-ing of my leg bones splintering, waking me up with the pain, several times a night, several times a week. Each leg is splayed beneath me as if I’d fallen from a window. Of course that’s not what happened. This is just what joints and muscles feel like as part of my rare dis-ease. ‘‘The feeling of having a widespread flu-like, bone-crushing ache that does not end. I don’t have the flu. I have a rare, autoimmune disease. This is what my entire body feels like 90 percent of the time. The feeling of choking with-out warning, regularly on coffee. On water. On my own spit. This is what my disease feels like. ‘‘The feelings I’m talking about are what it is like to not be able to take a deep breath, ever, because over 70 per-cent of my lungs have turned to hard-ened, stony, scar tissue. The feeling of not even remembering what it is like to take a deep breath. ‘‘Because my particular disease is one that is categorized as autoimmune, it would be several months before we got the correct diagnosis; autoimmunity is notoriously difficult to diagnose. ‘‘And unless you are a specialized medical professional or happen to know someone who is afflicted by rheu-matoid disorders, you have likely never heard of what I have: anti-synthetase syndrome—scleroderma. It is rare, pro-gressive, and aggressive. Often it is fatal, especially with the amount of lung damage that I have incurred. ‘‘When after 2 years of chemo-therapy, the progression of my pul-monary fibrosis and overall disease process was not successfully remaining stable, I had to go on supplemental ox-ygen. Within 6 months, I was getting so sick that I eventually had to medically retire at 36 years old; it was a heart-breaking decision. ‘‘I loved my job, and I was good at it. Without the protections afforded to me through the Affordable Care Act, my oxygen, the cost of seeing my numer-ous specialists, paying for 14 medica-tions, admissions to the hospital, and life-threatening emergency trips to the ER would be nothing short of finan-cially catastrophic for my family. ‘‘A rare disease like mine baffles many doctors. It has not been uncom-mon for my caretakers to have to spend hours on the phone with insur-ance companies fighting for a drug that is literally thousands of dollars but necessary for my treatment. ‘‘When you have a rare illness, you often have to try new things. Insurance companies will unabashedly see you as a risk. Why? You are expensive, rare and dying. That is an unholy trinity. ‘‘But since the Affordable Care Act, my medications have been affordable. Access to care is not accessible if you cannot afford it, and what the ACA has done is create a safeguard so that the care that my doctors have prescribed for one of their sickest patients is truly accessible to that patient because I can afford it. ‘‘I come from a family who has, for generations, always worked and always paid into ‘the system.’ There are next to no services available for a relatively young woman like me at social serv-ices. I know. I’ve checked. I am not old enough for a full teacher’s pension, but do receive a small disability allowance. I receive a small Social Security check, but I am well below the poverty level. ‘‘I need you to understand that peo-ple like me are not asking for anything for free. I am willing to continue to pay for the quality health care that I have had. I am willing for there to be changes made to it.’’ ‘‘I find it unconscionable, however, that deci-sions can be made regarding life and death without actual regard for the felt lives and ac-tual deaths that you will be responsible for if you repeal the ACA. ‘‘I do not know the course that my disease will take. But I have the blood of some power-ful ancestors flowing in me, and their fight for life continues in me as well. I am honored to do so in their memory and on behalf of the millions of Americans who do not have the words or the ability to speak for themselves yet are terrified of losing their affordable, solid coverage under the ACA.’’ Those were her words—and she is not alone in her fear of repeal. Mr. Speaker, I will enter into the R
ECORD testimony from other women in my district whose lives have been changed by the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, we owe it to Mnikesa and everyone like her across the coun-try to protect their health care and to reject this repeal bill. 
f 
MICHIGANDERS WILL LOSE COVERAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the American Health Care Act. This week, the Republicans will call for a vote to push 24 million Americans off of their health care and transfer massive healthcare costs on working families across the country. Today I will take a moment to talk about the impact that TrumpCare will have on my district, the 14th District of Michigan. Under this bill, 70,000 con-stituents of mine will lose coverage by 2026. One of the pillars of the existing Af-fordable Care Act were allowing States like Michigan—who, for the record, has a Republican Governor who worked hard to make sure that we were able to have Medicare expansion so that we could use the Affordable Care Act in Michigan. One of the pillars of the Affordable Care Act was to expand Medicaid cov-erage to millions of people. According to the statistics from Healthy Michi-gan, which is our process for affordable health care in Michigan, over 650,000 Michiganders enrolled and gained ac-cess to health coverage. In Oakland and Wayne Counties, which I represent, there are over 140,000 individuals enrolled in Healthy Michi-gan, the Affordable Care Act. Under the Republican bill, these same Michiganders will lose the coverage that they depend on for their long-term care. Approximately 200,000 seniors, dis-abled individuals, children, and women who receive care through traditional Medicaid will be severely impacted by the Republican health plan. That in-cludes half of all the children in Michi-gan, including over 100,000 children in my district alone. Republicans are using the repeal-and- replace legislation once again to target women’s health by defunding Planned Parenthood. No matter how many times it has been substantiated, it is a fact, it has been stated, the Repub-licans do not seem to understand or refuse to accept the fact that Federal dollars do not pay for abortions. Planned Parenthood provides a vari-ety of preventative care, including con-traception and cancer screening for millions of Americans and women in this country. Instead of allowing Planned Parent-hood to continue their important mis-sion of providing women across the country with quality health care, Re-publicans have decided to jeopardize the health of millions of Americans be-cause of a blatantly partisan witch hunt. I would like to take a minute to share a letter one of my constituents wrote me about her experience with the Affordable Care Act: ‘‘As a self-employed person, the first time in my life I’ve been able to have health care in Michigan has been through the Affordable Care Act, and I still only very, very rarely go to the doctor. ‘‘But I’m happy to pay into the sys-tem every month because I believe that’s what it means to be a good cit-izen: that a healthy community is a safer community, a happier commu-nity, and a more creative community. ‘‘Health care is a very important issue to me. My brother has cystic fi-brosis, and it is only through Medicaid expansion that he is still able to re-ceive health care. ‘‘The thought of the Medicaid expan-sion being phased out and my brother being somehow responsible for paying for tens of thousands of dollars per month for necessary medication de-stroys me.’’ Mr. Speaker, my constituents de-serve better. I urge my colleagues to oppose TrumpCare, the American Health Care Act. I will stand here and say that the Af-fordable Care Act is not perfect, but if we really do the job that we are sent here to do as Members of Congress, we would sit down together and fix what is wrong with our existing healthcare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.010 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2249 March 21, 2017 
program so that every American will be able to continue to stay on their health care, still be able to allow their children to stay on their health care, and still be able to get health care without being penalized for a pre-existing condition. Let us work together to make health care affordable for all Americans. 
f 
CRITICAL PUBLIC HEALTH ISSUES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to oppose the Repub-lican plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act and to address two critical public health issues that are important to the families of Maryland’s Fourth Congres-sional District. Nearly 26 million Americans are esti-mated to have chronic kidney disease. 700,000 people, including 3,000 in my dis-trict in Prince George’s County, have irreversible kidney failure or end-stage renal disease often because of com-plications of diabetes and high blood pressure, where you cannot survive without a kidney transplant or dialysis treatment. And 70 percent of those pa-tients are on dialysis treatment at least three times per week. This is a serious issue for us to con-sider today because nearly 50 percent of all end-stage renal disease patients rely on Medicaid. If we pass the Repub-lican plan to gut Medicaid, we are making life-and-death choices for these patients who are disproportionately seniors, minorities, and some of our most vulnerable neighbors. I saw the potential impact of these brutal cuts on my constituents when I toured a DaVita Dialysis facility in my district. Nearly half of all people with end-stage renal disease in Prince George’s County are being treated at a DaVita facility. There I got to speak to several patients receiving lifesaving treatment, and I heard how important it was for them to have access to dialy-sis. Many of these patients simply would not get care if it wasn’t for the Med-icaid expansion, subsidies to afford quality health coverage, and the con-sumer protections under the Affordable Care Act that prevent health plans from denying coverage because of pre-existing conditions and prohibiting in-surers from dropping people from plans when they become ill. These are real people who will suffer the consequences of our actions if we pass this pay-more- for-less bill. As Republicans rush to pass this bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with more expensive and worse care, we are also turning a blind eye to the impact on the opioid crisis that is ravaging many of our commu-nities. In my district in Anne Arundel County, the number of people killed by heroin and opioid overdoses in 2016 was more than the prior 2 years combined. b1100 Records show there have been more overdoses in the first 3 months of 2017 than all of 2016. And last week alone, over a 24-hour period, there were 16 overdoses and 3 fatalities in Anne Arundel County. The Republican bill offers no solutions for this drug crisis. In fact, it makes it worse by dramati-cally cutting Medicaid and ending the requirement that addiction services and treatment be covered by States. Because of the Affordable Care Act, 1.3 million people are receiving treat-ment for substance abuse disorders or mental illnesses under Medicaid expan-sion. In Maryland, Medicaid pays for nearly 40 percent of all addiction treat-ment medication. Without this expansion, the clear majority of those people would either fall into the treatment gap, unable to receive substance abuse treatment be-cause of a lack of insurance or public funds, or be forced to wait months or years to get into publicly-funded treat-ment programs. The so-called flexibility Congres-sional Republicans want to give States would only mean less funding for sub-stance abuse. This is a step in the wrong direction, at a time when we are facing this urgent public health crisis. Reducing access to addiction treat-ment would lead to more drug overdose deaths and more trips to our emer-gency rooms. We know that untreated addiction leads to more crime and more homelessness. Again, I worry that the proposals being offered in this House could cost the lives of thousands of people in my State and around the country. The GOP plan for repeal will hurt a lot of people: the 24 million Americans who will be uninsured; the millions of middle-income families, especially the elderly, who will pay thousands of dol-lars more for care; the 33 million chil-dren and 10 million people with disabil-ities impacted by Medicaid cuts; the 390,000 women who will lose care if Planned Parenthood is defunded. But these aren’t just numbers in a CBO report, they are the dialysis pa-tient in Upper Marlboro, or the family whose son is finally getting the addic-tion treatment he needs in Severna Park. Mr. Speaker, let us think about all of these families before we vote on this ill-conceived and ill-advised bill. Let’s not put partisanship before patients. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER Pastor Chris Bell, 3 Circle Church, Fairhope, Alabama, offered the fol-lowing prayer: Our Lord and Father, I come to You today in this place of government of the Nation that I love to ask for Your hand of blessing and guiding wisdom upon the leadership of these United States of America. We know that all good gifts come from Your hand, and this beautiful and free Nation in which we live is one of those gifts. We thank You today for the many ways that You have blessed us, from our bountiful natural resources to our freedom to work and to speak and to worship. And it is because of these blessings that You have also given us a great re-sponsibility to our world to live and to lead by example. So, by Your grace today, I humbly ask that You would help these leaders of our Nation and our citizens to be a continued light in the darkness. We confess now our need for Your help and Your guidance. Please place Your mighty hand on us today, for You have told us in Your Word to trust not in our own understanding, but to trust You and acknowledge You in all of our ways and You would make our path straight. May we do this today and in the future. It is in the name of our Lord, Jesus, I pray. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BYRNE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR CHRIS BELL The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, it is writ-ten in Philippians 4:6: 
Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. 
As this body debates important issues, it is critical we begin with pray-er. I am honored my constituent Pas-tor Chris Bell was able to lead today’s prayer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.011 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2250 March 21, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, Pastor Bell studied the-ology and communications at the Uni-versity of Mobile and Luther Rice Sem-inary, and he has over 20 years of min-istry experience. Pastor Bell is currently the lead pas-tor at 3 Circle Church in southwest Alabama. 3 Circle Church has five cam-puses, with weekly attendance reach-ing over 2,000 people. In addition to their regular services, Pastor Bell and 3 Circle Church have a focus on mission and serving others lo-cally, regionally, and around the world. These missions make a real difference. So on behalf of Alabama’s First Con-gressional District, it is an honor to welcome Chris and his wife, Nan, to the people’s House. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row we will celebrate 7 years since the President signed the Affordable Care Act into law. The following day my colleagues across the aisle will vote to eradicate the undeniable progress it has made. On Thursday, when the House votes on the American Health Care Act, we will vote to take away health insur-ance from millions of Americans; we will vote to raise premiums on seniors; we will vote to damage women’s healthcare programs; and we will vote to reduce access to care for LGBTQ people. Policies that were once derided as so-cialist are now mainstream, consid-ering so many of the popular parts of ACA are retained in the Republican re-placement. The majority of the country does not want to repeal ACA but to improve it in a bipartisan way. The only way to create a meaningful change for the American people is to work together across the aisle. As Lincoln said: ‘‘We cannot escape history. We . . . will be remembered in spite of ourselves.’’ A vote to repeal ACA will be a stain on that legacy. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL AGRICULTURE DAY (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and celebrate Na-tional Agriculture Day. I proudly represent the largest agri-culture-producing district in the coun-try, the big First District of Kansas. In my home State, it is Kansas Agri-culture Month, a month to celebrate our State’s largest economy. Today is an opportunity to remind my colleagues of the hardworking Americans who produce the bounty of American harvest and livestock. The food that sustains them doesn’t origi-nate in a grocery store. Let us remember as we move forward with regulations and with trade policy that there are families with genera-tions of history on their farm or ranch who face the consequences of every de-cision. They feed America and our economy. This day and every day, we are grate-ful that God made a farmer. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, am excited to celebrate the sign-ing of the Affordable Care Act signed by President Barack Obama. In the hearing last Thursday of the Budget Committee, we noted that Med-icaid that provided health insurance in this bill, now the TrumpCare bill, will be cut $880 billion for working people, for seniors in nursing homes, for the blind, and for the disabled. We note that this meaningless TrumpCare amendment, for which the President is now rallying his troops, coming up to the Hill two and three times—maybe he will be here tomor-row—is as meaningless as the first part of it was: 24 million Americans will lose their insurance—TrumpCare will double that amount in 2026; 52 million will not have insurance—giveaways to billionaires, 1 percent of the rich peo-ple in America; and destroying 2 mil-lion jobs. But what I am most concerned about is my constituent in the Heights who could not take her medicine before the Affordable Care Act. Tragically, a young woman had a stroke and a heart attack and now is in a nursing home. She uses the health insurance of Med-icaid, $880 billion, to provide for her lifeline, but yet TrumpCare comes to destroy that. I want to celebrate the Affordable Care Act because it saves lives. f 
COMMEMORATING ROSIE THE RIVETER (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in commemoration of Na-tional Rosie the Riveter Day, an effort to raise awareness for the 16 million women working during World War II. These women left their homes to work or volunteer full-time in fac-tories, farms, shipyards, banks, and other institutions in support of our military. These brave women worked with the USO and the Red Cross. They drove trucks, riveted airplanes, col-lected critical materials, rolled ban-dages, and served on rationing boards. These Rosie the Riveters embodied the ‘‘we can do it spirit’’ forever con-nected with them by Norman Rock-well’s iconic painting. As we mark the contributions and triumphs of women this Women’s His-tory Month, I am proud to join the ef-fort and recognize these brave heroes with a National Rosie the Riveter Day. I am especially proud to represent a ‘‘Rosie’’ and Bucks County native, Mae Krier, for her efforts in advocating for this long-deserved recognition. Mae was a riveter on Boeing aircraft in Se-attle. She was a builder of B–17s and B– 29s, which went off to fly missions over Europe. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recog-nize National Rosie the Riveter Day and have the pleasure of welcoming Rosies from around the Nation here at the Capitol today. 
f 
THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT AND OPIOID ADDICTION (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.017 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2251 March 21, 2017 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, across the country, communities are struggling with an epidemic of opioid addiction, abuse, and overdose; and across party lines, we all agree some-thing must be done to address this cri-sis. But the repeal-and-replace plan pro-posed by my Republican colleagues adds fuel to the fire. The bill elimi-nates the Affordable Care Act’s re-quirement that Medicaid cover basic mental health and addiction services. Economists estimate 1.3 million Americans receive treatment for sub-stance abuse and other mental health disorders through the Medicaid exten-sion. Across the States that have expanded Medicaid, like Illinois, the program is used for 27 percent of all addiction treatment. We are not going to arrest our way out of this epidemic; instead, we need to treat addiction like the disease that it is. Removing the mental health cov-erage requirement pulls the rug out from more than a quarter of all those seeking help from opioid addiction. Mr. Speaker, opioids now kill more Americans than car accidents. The Af-fordable Care Act offers hope and is saving lives. The Republican efforts to repeal the ACA is a bleak step back-wards. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this legislation. 
f 
ADVOCATING FOR PATIENT- CENTERED HEALTH CARE (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a practicing physician who be-lieves that we must repeal the disaster that ObamaCare has brought us and re-turn to a patient-centered system. My patients have dealt with sky-rocketing premiums, unaffordable deductibles, and a formulary so restric-tive it is an insult to call it a real treatment. Medicaid expansion is no better and gives only the illusion of sound cov-erage. These patients can’t find doc-tors. They can’t find specialists who will see them, which results in more hospital admissions, more unnecessary hospital referrals, more expensive trips to the emergency room, and higher costs to the program and to the tax-payers. There is nothing compassionate about cramming more people into a failed system just so politicians can score political points. All they have done is force a second-class insurance onto first-class people. All Americans deserve better than ObamaCare. We can provide a better healthcare delivery system for them where everyone has access to afford-able care, and it starts with the pas-sage of the American Health Care Act. LOSING HEALTHCARE COVERAGE UNDER THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT (Ms. BASS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, since Janu-ary I have received hundreds of mes-sages from constituents who are pan-icked that they will lose healthcare coverage with the Republican plan, where people will pay more for less. Although the talking points of the Republican plan references access to health care, care will only be acces-sible for people with enough money to pay. A message I received from Vera Caldas: My husband has leukemia, and if it wasn’t for the ACA, he would be dead by now. I am living in fear that if he loses ObamaCare, that will mean his death sentence since he won’t be able to afford insurance to continue his treatment. 
A message from Lee Portillo: 
The ACA allowed my wife to start her Sil-icon Valley beach business in Venice, Cali-fornia and still have access to health care. The ACA is pro small entrepreneur and gives us the freedom to work on our own and still have insurance. 
My constituents, like millions across the Nation, are afraid they might be one of the 14 million people who will lose coverage if the Republican plan is passed. 
f 
b1215 TRUMPCARE IS A TERRIBLE BILL (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week Republicans plan to vote on TrumpCare to push 24 million Americans off healthcare coverage and saddle families across the country with massive health costs. TrumpCare is an assault on families and a broken prom-ise to the American people. Twenty-four million people will lose their health insurance. It will termi-nate the assistance that people depend on to afford quality coverage. It will destroy the Medicaid program, the bed-rock of our social safety net for more than 50 years. Medicaid covers 74 million children, pregnant women, people with disabil-ities, and seniors with long-term care needs. Under TrumpCare, deductibles and out-of-pocket costs will skyrocket and families will be exposed to crush-ing health costs. Premiums will rise dramatically—particularly, for older Americans—because TrumpCare allows insurance companies to charge five times higher than what others pay for the average, five times higher for our near senior citizens. This means thou-sands and thousands of dollars more in premiums, which low-income seniors cannot afford. TrumpCare shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years and cuts $880 billion from Medicaid. Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible bill, and it puts the entire healthcare sys-tem at risk. f 
DO NOT REPLACE THE AFFORD-ABLE CARE ACT WITH TRUMPCARE (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to talk about the Republican’s sick plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with TrumpCare, where the wealthy will get huge tax cuts and the rest of America will pay more for less. Twenty-four million will be losing their doctors, their nurses, and their medicine, and my constitu-ents are frightened. Just ask Amy Bernard, whose mom, Francine, like 70 percent of Americans living in nursing homes, pays for it with Medicaid. Francine was a teacher. She planned for her retirement. She had savings, Social Security, and a pension. Then she was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease, and she spent all her savings on in-home care. And then one day after a near-fatal fall, her fam-ily realized she needed around-the- clock care. TrumpCare means tax cuts for the very rich, less for the rest of Ameri-cans, gutting Medicaid, and sending folks like Francine to the curb. 
f 
DO NOT REPEAL THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-day we will vote on the future of health care for America. We need to do what is right for our district and for our con-stituents. We need to protect the Af-fordable Care Act. The ACA works, but like America’s other great healthcare program, Medi-care, it needs a little time to get there. Today, Medicare covers over 55 million Americans and is a staple for our sen-iors; but back in 1965, people had a very negative opinion of Medicare. Today, 52 years later, Medicare is one of the most efficient healthcare systems in our country. I urge my colleagues: Do not repeal the Affordable Care Act. If you do, 24 million Americans will lose their cov-erage and older Americans will pay higher premiums. I ask my colleagues to keep the ACA. Let’s do the right thing. 
f 
BIG PHARMA IS A BIG WINNER IN TRUMPCARE (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, Thurs-day these Republicans are awarding a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.019 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2252 March 21, 2017 
new grand prize, a big-dollar award. Unfortunately, the contest has been rigged so that your name is not in the winner’s circle. Instead, the world lead-ers in prescription price gouging, high-est drug prices to Americans than just about anywhere, are declared the win-ners of the grand prize in the Trump Republican sweepstakes that they call repealing ObamaCare. With Big Pharma’s exceptional, dis-tinguished service in charging astro-nomical prices and blocking competi-tion to their government-approved mo-nopolies, these Republicans have in-cluded a no-strings-attached $25 billion tax windfall for Big Pharma in their so-called ObamaCare repeal. Now, with their latest late-night amendment, the prize is already grow-ing bigger and bigger by the moment. And all of those American families that are out there struggling, trying to access lifesaving drugs, they don’t win a dime in this contest. Mr. Speaker, let’s reject this phony Republican giveaway where only Big Pharma is the big winner. 
f 
HONORING THE LEGENDARY CHUCK BERRY (Mr. CLAY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a legendary American musical genius, an inaugural member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and a former neighbor and friend of the Clay family for six decades, the father of rock and roll, the immortal Chuck Berry, who died this past Saturday at the age of 90. I grew up just a few blocks away from the Berry residence. My sisters and I came up with his kids, and our families knew each other very well. Chuck Berry was one of the first Black superstars whose innovative music was not only popular with African-Amer-ican audiences, but with young music fans around the world. Since his death, tributes from across every spectrum of music have poured in, including The Rolling Stones, U2, Sir Paul McCartney, Stevie Wonder, Bruce Springsteen, and hundreds of other internationally known artists who were deeply influenced by Chuck Berry’s magical music. On behalf of my family, I want to ex-press our deepest condolences to the Berry family; and on behalf of music fans everywhere, I want to give thanks for the life of this legendary American treasure whose legacy and unique sound will live on for generations, a true St. Louis original, the real king of rock and roll: Chuck Berry. 
f 
TRUMPCARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR AMERICA (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, TrumpCare—a total disaster for Amer-ica. Here it is by the numbers, per our own nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office: 24 million Americans will lose coverage, with 14 million Americans losing coverage in year one; 15 to 20 percent increases in health insurance premiums in year one; and if you are paying $1,700, you will be paying $14,600 in premium increases if you are a 64- year-old making $26,500 per year. But where does the money go? $592 billion in tax cuts for the rich. That is where it is going. The conclusions: TrumpCare robs health care from American working families to give tax cuts to the rich. So vote ‘‘no’’ on TrumpCare to vote ‘‘yes’’ on health care for America’s working families. f 
EMBRACE THE GOAL OF HEALTH CARE FOR ALL OUR CITIZENS (Mr. WELCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, this coun-try, since Harry Truman, has had an il-lusive but desirable goal, and that is health care for all of our citizens. We made two strides: one in 1964, with the passage of Medicare; another in 2010, with the passage of ObamaCare. We should be moving towards Medi-care for all our citizens. Instead, this bill does not move forward. It goes back. Number one, 24 million Americans will lose their health care. Number two, Americans who have been living a life of toil and effort all of their lives from the ages of 50 to 64— at a time when they need health care the most—are in danger of losing it with the excessive tax that is being im-posed on them by this bill. Number three, our community hos-pitals, from the prairies of Nebraska to the hills of Vermont, those are critical institutions providing care. They have gone from red ink to black ink as a re-sult of the Affordable Care Act. Every single one of those is in jeopardy, and that is going to deprive our citizens in those communities of access to afford-able health care. This bill must be defeated. Let’s em-brace the goal of health care for all our citizens. 
f 
REPUBLICANS SHOULD JOIN DEMOCRATS IN REJECTING TRUMPCARE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, thousands of my constituents have contacted me very concerned about the Republican healthcare bill—TrumpCare—which would mean higher costs and worse care for hardworking families. On the campaign trail, then-can-didate Trump promised that ‘‘everyone would be covered’’ under his plan. We now know that is a broken promise, that under TrumpCare 24 million Americans will lose their health insur-ance—24 million people. What kind of promise is that? Then-candidate Trump promised that there would be no cuts to Medicaid, but he will cut $880 billion from Medicaid. What kind of promise is that? A bro-ken promise. Seniors overwhelmingly voted for President Trump, but he has already forgotten them, imposing an age tax on them. If you are 50 to 64, fasten your seatbelts. You are going to pay five times what a younger, healthier person would pay for worse coverage. This is a terrible bill. Democrats and Republicans should reject it. f 
TRUMPCARE MISSES THE MARK (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, there is kind of a rather ridiculous healthcare bill that this body may or may not be considering soon. First of all, it creates an entirely new entitlement program at the State level rather than the Federal level. Second of all, in an unrelated matter, it provides huge tax cuts to million-aires and billionaires—mostly in New York and California—which has noth-ing to do with making health care af-fordable. I mean, it is fine. Republicans want to do that. We get that. They al-ways want to cut taxes for million-aires, but don’t put it in the same bill as we are here trying to provide health care for people and bring down our in-surance rates. Third of all, this bill that is supposed to somehow help is going to increase insurance costs to American families by 15 to 20 percent. Most families can’t afford that, and 24 million people will lose their insurance. So there is just no way, shape, or form that this bill makes any sense. There are a lot of positive improve-ments and suggestions that we can make to the Affordable Care Act. There are a lot of great ideas with us pro-viding a public option, more pricing transparency, a lot of great ideas that probably Democrats and Republicans support; but, frankly, they missed the mark on this bill. These aren’t ideas that Democrats or Republicans support, because they are bad ideas that cost families money. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 372, COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE REFORM ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 209 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.045 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2253 March 21, 2017 
H. R ES. 209 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 372) to restore the appli-cation of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect com-petition and consumers. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–8 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. b1230 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on House Resolution 209, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Com-mittee. The rule provides for consider-ation of H.R. 372, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate for the bill, equally divided between the chair-man and ranking member of the Judi-ciary Committee. The rule also pro-vides for a motion to recommit. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from Judiciary Committee Chairman B
OBGOODLATTE  and Congressman D
AVID CICILLINE on behalf of the Judiciary Committee. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and the Judiciary Committee staff for their work on this legislation. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I had the opportunity to review this legislation at both a committee hearing and a markup. We heard from several witnesses at the Judiciary Committee hearing, in-cluding the bill’s primary sponsor, Con-gressman P
AULGOSAR of Arizona. In addition to the bill’s sponsor and the Judiciary Committee, I would also like to recognize one of my colleagues from Georgia, Representative AUSTIN  S
COTT, for his interest in this topic and leadership on this legislation. Con-gressman A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia tes-tified before the Judiciary Committee on this bill and has worked actively to highlight this issue. The issue of competition in the health insurance marketplace is not a new one, but it is one that deserves more attention. Legislation similar to the Competitive Health Insurance Re-form Act passed the House under a Democrat-led Congress in 2010 and under a Republican Congress in 2012. Mr. Speaker, much of our attention on the floor this week is focused on making health care more affordable and accessible to the American people. The Competitive Health Insurance Re-form Act is part of that plan. From shore to shore, we have seen and heard stories about the soaring costs of health care and the health in-surance markets that have been ham-strung by ACA regulations. As a result, insurers have fled the exchanges while consumer choice and access to quality care have disappeared along with them. Today, more than ever, we need to institute reforms that restore options for Americans by encouraging healthy competition in the health insurance market. The problem actually dates back to the 1940s, and the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act helps ad-dress a problem that has increasingly demanded attention. In 1944, Mr. Speaker, the Supreme Court held, for the first time, that in-surance was part of interstate com-merce and was, therefore, subject to Federal antitrust laws. Congress re-sponded a year later by passing the McCarran-Ferguson Act, which estab-lished certain exemptions from the Federal antitrust regulations for the business of insurance. That law re-mains in place today, and reexamining it in the context of our health insur-ance market has received bipartisan support. The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act would amend the 1945 McCarran-Ferguson Act to apply our three main antitrust laws—the Clayton Act, the Sherman Act, and the FTC Act—to the health insurance industry. To be clear, this bill does not impose new or radical regulations upon the health insurance industry. It merely applies longstanding antitrust laws to the business of health insurance, laws that have applied to the rest of the economy for decades. By restoring the application of our competition and antitrust laws to the health insurance industry, we strengthen the foundation for a competitive health insurance market. The high prices and lack of choices that patients find in health insurance flow back from a lack of competition in the market and a barrage of regula-tions. So it is past time that we rees-tablish a basis for a system in which insurance providers compete for cus-tomers in a patient-driven market-place. While we work to bring common sense back to health care, we also have to look at the broad context of where the industry is and how it got there. In that spirit, this bill recognizes the im-portance of open and free competition across the economy, including the healthcare marketplace. Part of the government’s role is to guard the American people rather than creating special interest exemptions that ulti-mately work against the hardworking citizens. H.R. 372 establishes that there is no basis for further exemption of the health insurance industry from the Federal antitrust law. Importantly, however, H.R. 372 also contains narrowly defined safe harbors to protect historically procompetitive collaborative activities that are unique to the business of insurance, including the collection and distribution of his-torical loss data and the performance of actuarial services that do not in-volve a restraint of trade. The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act is not a magic pill or a sil-ver bullet, but it is a key component of our broader plan to restore competi-tion and common sense to the healthcare marketplace. The principles captured by this bill are part of our House Republican Bet-ter Way plan and a part of our plan to address the harm done that ObamaCare has brought on our healthcare system and those who depend on it. I look forward to the underlying leg-islation once again receiving broad support from both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule today, one that provides for consideration of H.R. 372, the Competi-tive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017, a good bill that I support. Mr. Speaker, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act amends the McCarran-Ferguson Act so that the health insurance companies would no longer be exempt from Federal anti-trust regulation. Currently, unfortunately, most types of insurance, including property or life insurance, are exempt from Federal antitrust regulations and statutes. The McCarran-Ferguson Act makes it clear that the insurance industry heretofore has been regulated only by States. Ad-ditionally, the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission have retained authority for antitrust enforcement involving mergers and ac-quisitions of insurance companies, but not dominations of markets and com-petition. As a result of this exemption, the health insurance industry does not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.003 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2254 March 21, 2017 
have to share pricing information, and actually can currently communicate with one another to fix prices. Now, that doesn’t make sense. I firmly believe that the more trans-parency in our healthcare system, the better off consumers will be. Repealing the health insurance exemption of the McCarran-Ferguson Act may improve competition, but it would almost also result in more transparency in health insurance. It is something that we sorely need. So I intend to join many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in supporting the underlying bill be-cause it increases transparency. The reality is that this bill does nothing to replace the protections of the Affordable Care Act. It doesn’t even make a dent in addressing the many problems created by the Repub-lican healthcare legislation, the Amer-ican Health Care Act. Mr. Speaker, so I don’t want anybody listening to this to be distracted by a bipartisan bill that we hope becomes law. In any way, shape, or form, this bill does nothing when, in 2 days, we are considering a bill that threatens the health care for 24 million Ameri-cans, increases prices for Americans who are currently insured by 15 to 20 percent, and throws millions off of the rolls of the insured. The Republican healthcare bill that is coming to the floor Thursday will cause a huge disruption in coverage for millions of Americans. It creates an en-tirely new entitlement program. It would throw 24 million people who cur-rently have insurance out of insurance. And for anybody who still has insur-ance, their rates go up 15 to 20 percent. How is that a good idea? It is not. This bill today does nothing. Noth-ing. I don’t even think the advocates of it would say it does anything to ad-dress those increases in costs for con-sumers or 24 million people losing their health care or the creation of a brand- new costly entitlement program in a time of record deficits. For constituents—and we all rep-resent people from our districts—for people like Greg and Nikita, Colo-radoans who have shared their stories with me, the passage of the American Health Care Act, the Republican healthcare bill, would devastate their lives. Greg was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer in 2014, in his midforties. After several surgeries, his doctors told him his condition is inoperable and could only be treated chronically by medication. It is a very expensive in-jection that has so far been successful, thank goodness, at keeping the tumor from growing and allowing Greg to live an ordinary life. Now, Greg needs this shot every 3 weeks. It is thousands of dollars each time. And despite working at least two jobs, it is not something that Greg could afford to have—Greg would not have health care without the Afford-able Care Act. He would have to quit his jobs and become destitute and go on Medicaid. The Republicans are basically saying to people like Greg: We want you to be lazy. We want you to quit your job so you could have health care. We want you to live off the government dole of this brand-new entitlement program that we created to hand you money rather than work for yourself and pay for your own insurance. That is the message the Republicans are sending to people like Greg across the country. Nikita lives in Boulder and has spent much of her life battling endo-metriosis. In 2014, she was having trou-ble walking because of her condition and she missed work for a few weeks. After the passage of the Affordable Care Act, she was able to afford the surgery that she needed to improve her mobility and manage her pain. In her message to me, Nikita empha-sized that affordable health care is what allows her to work and to be a citizen that pays taxes and contributes to society rather than somebody who is shut in at home, living off the govern-ment dole like Republicans are trying to force her to do with the new entitle-ment program that they are creating. If Nikita didn’t have the healthcare coverage she obtained through the Ac-cordable Care Act, she said that she would be on disability and Medicaid, costing the government far more money and preventing her the dignity of holding a job and working to support herself and paying taxes. Both Greg and Nikita expressed fear that the benefits they receive under the Affordable Care Act would dis-appear if the Affordable Care Act is dis-mantled in favor of this new Repub-lican entitlement program that encour-ages people not to work. The American Health Care Act threatens to pull the rug out from so many of my constitu-ents and millions across the country while simultaneously raising rates by 15 to 20 percent for people who are cur-rently insured and paying for their own insurance. Look, H.R. 372 is a fine bill. Repub-licans are using it as a talking point, claiming that somehow it addresses costs in some meaningful way. And given how complicated the healthcare system is and the critical role that we all have to play in it and every little piece plays, it is important to lay out the facts of the Republican plan, which H.R. 372 does nothing to address. It is a fact fewer people will be cov-ered under the Republican plan. The Congressional Budget Office says 24 million people will lose their healthcare coverage over the next dec-ade. It is a fact that middle-aged Ameri-cans will pay five times more in pre-miums. The age tax is a big part of the Republican healthcare bill. Americans ages 55 to 64 will see their cost increase by over $8,000. Most of my constituents in that age group simply can’t afford that every year. It is a fact that those currently en-rolled in Medicaid programs are at risk of losing their coverage. The Repub-licans’ concern that Medicaid expan-sion to the Affordable Care Act was co-ercive, they should be equally con-cerned about the per capita cap in the Republican plan. It is the flip side of the same coin. Those are just some of the many troubling facts about the Republican healthcare bill. H.R. 372, removing the antitrust ex-emption, is a fine bill. It does nothing to address any of those problems or change any of those facts and figures that I cited as to why this bill doesn’t fix health care. In fact, frankly, this bill is a distrac-tion from the real topic we should be discussing—how to improve health care in this country. I don’t think we should improve it by giving tax cuts to mil-lionaires and billionaires, forcing peo-ple like Greg and Nikita not to work and to be destitute in order to get health care and go on the government dole, creating a brand-new entitlement program that States administer, in-creasing the costs of insurance for peo-ple who are already insured by 15 to 20 percent. Mr. Speaker, if those are the an-swers, what is the question? Is it how to make health care cost more and how to have less people covered? If that is the question, the Repub-lican bill is a good answer. That is not the question my constitu-ents are asking me, and I don’t think it is a question their constituents are asking my Republican colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) to continue dis-cussing the rule before us about the McCarran-Ferguson repeal. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 372, the Competitive Health In-surance Reform Act of 2017, which would take a big step towards creating a more business- and consumer-friendly insurance market that works for all Americans. As I listened to the comments just before I stood up, I heard that this is a fine bill. It is more than a fine bill. This is a good bill. Let me tell you how I know it is a good bill—because, a few years ago, both N
ANCY PELOSI and M IKE P
ENCE voted for it. Now, what the Democrats don’t want to tell you is that on February 24, 2010, less than a month before the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, there was an agreement that allowing the in-surance companies to be exempt from the antitrust laws in the country was a problem. So how is it that with a bill that passed 406 ‘‘yes’’ votes to 19 ‘‘no’’ votes—when it came out of the dark rooms, the Affordable Care Act was brought to the floor with the com-ments of: Well, you will have to read it to find out what is in it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.026 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2255 March 21, 2017 
Perhaps the Democrats should have read it to find out what wasn’t in it, because the leadership not only sold America out, they sold them out. This bill passed 406–19. Yet, in the back rooms where they put the Affordable Care Act together, they didn’t include the provision. While the Affordable Care Act cer-tainly has played a major role in the disruptions patients and providers have experienced, the decades-old special ex-emption—which they voted to take away, and then the leadership of the Democratic party gave it back to the insurance industry—shielding insurers from Federal antitrust laws has eroded confidence and competition in the mar-ketplace. Fortunately, we have a vehi-cle before us to walk back this special deal. The legislation currently before the House would inject much-needed com-petition into the health insurance mar-ket by eliminating the antitrust ex-emptions for health and dental insur-ers, leveling the playing field and giv-ing consumers and providers more le-verage and better options. There are very few antitrust exemptions in our country, and for good reason. This exemption is not only damaging to the consumer when they purchase health insurance, but it damages the healthcare providers, further limiting consumers’ access to services. The dominance of the market that large insurers have enjoyed has forced many providers to move, close, merge, or sell to larger regional hospitals, im-pacting parties across the industry. In the 24 counties of Georgia that I rep-resent, patients have few healthcare choices left that impacts their ability to receive quality care and negotiate a policy that meets their unique needs. Echoing that sentiment, I think any-one who has skin in the game will tell you that a majority of the problems in the healthcare marketplace trace their roots back to a lack of competition. b1245 Yet, the Democrats left the insur-ance industry exempt from the anti-trust laws once again when they passed the Affordable Care Act. While insurance companies have the power to negotiate, just as they proved in the negotiations with the Democrats on the Affordable Care Act, phar-macies, physicians, and hospitals are left without a seat at the table. When the insurance companies get to deter-mine who is and isn’t able to provide healthcare services, the insurer-pro-vider relationship is closer to extortion than negotiation. So why do we allow the health insur-ance industry that controls, through their contracts, who your doctor is, who your pharmacist is, which medi-cine you can get, and which hospital you can go to, to be exempt from the antitrust laws of the country? How could the Democrats do that to you in the Affordable Care Act? By definition, health care and health insurance are not the same thing, but when one industry, one insurance com-pany controls such significant portions of the cash flow of all of the providers in a region, no provider can stay in business without a contract with that carrier; therefore, the insurance com-pany gets to determine who is and who is not able to provide health care. Removing this antitrust exemption for health insurers means one more op-tion for consumers, increased competi-tion between providers, and greater certainty for insurers when it comes to hammering out policies and working for consumers across the spectrum. It should have been done long ago, but the Democrats turned their back on the American public and, again, grant-ed the health insurance industry an ex-emption from the antitrust laws of the country. While this is certainly not an end-all, be-all to reforming our broken and dys-functional healthcare system, it is a commonsense step towards untangling the mess our health insurance market-place has become. I also think it noteworthy to men-tion, again, February 24, 2010, the Health Insurance Industry Fair Com-petition Act passed the House with a vote 406–19 only 1 month prior to the Affordable Care Act being signed into law. And yet, the American citizens, once again, were sold out by the Demo-cratic Party. I strongly believe this piece of legis-lation currently before the House lays a firm foundation in our work to fulfill our promise to fix our badly broken healthcare system. Today we have the opportunity to provide relief to con-sumers and providers alike, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 372, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Two weeks ago, the Republicans pushed ahead with their healthcare bill, despite not knowing the impact of the legislation. A week later, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office announced that the bill would take health insurance away from 24 million people and increase costs by 15 to 20 percent for those who currently have insurance. Mr. Speaker, late last night the Re-publicans introduced a major man-ager’s amendment that changes the bill, frankly. Mr. Speaker, just as it was irrespon-sible to move forward without knowing the full effects of the original bill, it is completely reckless to even know whether this manager’s amendment makes it better or worse and the im-pact that it has on health care for American families. It is reckless to consider and vote on their amended bill before the Congressional Budget Office even says how much it costs, or how much it will increase insurance by, or whether it throws people off insurance rolls. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule that would require a CBO cost estimate that analyzes the impact of any legislation amending or repealing the Affordable Care Act, as well as the impact of any manager’s amendment to that legislation to be made publicly available before the bill may be considered on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
AR-
MUTH ), the ranking member on the Committee on the Budget, to discuss our proposal. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. The one question I think many Americans who follow this debate would be asking now is: What is the rush? What is the rush? For 7 years now, our Republican col-leagues have consistently said we are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act. More than 60 votes have been taken in this body to repeal the Afford-able Care Act. We kept asking: If you are going to repeal it, what are you going to replace it with? You can’t just say, do away with it, and leave mil-lions and millions of Americans in the lurch. So finally, 2 weeks ago yesterday, we have gotten their answer. TrumpCare, RyanCare, the American Health Care Act, call it what you will, we finally got an answer. What has happened since those 2 weeks? We had no hearings on this bill. We had quick markups. They lasted a long time, but we had—the bill was in-troduced Monday night—markups in the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Ways and Means Committee on Wednesday. And this was on just a steamroller to try to get this accom-plished before anybody knew what was in it. Now, the CBO report from last week came out indicating things that I think most Americans would be frightened by. 24 million Americans lose their cov-erage over 10 years; but, more signifi-cantly than that, 21 million lose their coverage within 3 years; 14 million next year. Consider that. All of the gains in cov-erage made under the Affordable Care Act done away with in 3 years. Pre-miums going up for Americans. I can’t believe Speaker R
YANtried to put lipstick on a pig. He said he thought the CBO report was really en-couraging because, 10 years from now, premiums would be 10 percent lower. The only way they are 10 percent lower is because, under the TrumpCare, older Americans, 50 and older, in the indi-vidual market get priced out of the market with huge premium increases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.027 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2256 March 21, 2017 
So they are gone. Only younger and healthier people are in there. Yes, pre-miums would be lower for them. Other people are out of business. So that report comes out, causing a great deal of consternation on the part of the sponsors and supporters. They bring it, schedule it to come to the floor on Thursday, March 23, because they think that is cute because that is the seventh anniversary of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. But, again, no hearings, no real analysis; and what is more important, no CBO revised re-port on the changes that were intro-duced late last night. This is outrageous. And I love to hear my Republican colleagues try to por-tray the process under which the Af-fordable Care Act was drafted and con-sidered with some kind of nighttime se-cretive deal. They weren’t here, most of them. I was. I was on the Ways and Means Com-mittee, one of the drafting committees. Fourteen months we worked on that legislation—14 months. Seventy-nine hearings in the Congress on that legis-lation. Hours and hours and hours of markups on that legislation. Cost esti-mates throughout the process. I can’t imagine a more exhaustive and public process than we went through for the Affordable Care Act. And here, 2 weeks from introduction to proposed passage, we have no real public discussion of a piece of legisla-tion that directly affects the lives and probably, unfortunately, the deaths of many, many Americans. So, Mr. Speaker, we don’t need to rush to judgment. I don’t think the American people are waiting around saying: I don’t need to know any more; ObamaCare is so bad, and my life is so bad that I can’t wait another 2 weeks to find out what this really would do to me and my family. No, we need to give more time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman from Kentucky has expired. Mr. POLIS. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. YARMUTH. We don’t need to do this this Thursday without a full ren-dering of the cost of the new manager’s amendment to TrumpCare. We suspect, although we don’t know, that it is going to look even bleaker; that more people will lose their coverage; that costs and rates will be higher. But shouldn’t we understand exactly what those statistics are, what those projec-tions are before we vote on something that is so significant for tens of mil-lions of Americans? So, Mr. Speaker, I think it is entirely appropriate that we require that a new CBO report be done on the manager’s amendment before we vote on some-thing that, again, means life and death to American families. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I have no other speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am awaiting the graphic presentation about some of what is at stake in this debate about the Affordable Care Act, the funda-mental debate about whether we try to fix health care in this country, make insurance cost less, or whether we move backwards under this Republican healthcare proposal. The Republican healthcare proposal would create an entirely new entitle-ment program administered by the States. In creating this program, it would throw 24 million people who have healthcare insurance today off of the insurance rolls. They would become uninsured Americans. It would add an age tax on older Americans. It would also increase the cost of health care for people who have health care today and pay for it, by 15 to 20 percent. Now, they wouldn’t be getting more for that 15 to 20 percent. Mr. Speaker, if you can believe it, they would actually be getting less in-surance for that 15 to 20 percent be-cause many of the requirements that insurance has to have are rolled back, the Federal protections under this Re-publican healthcare bill. Somehow, at the same time it does all these things, the same time it costs 24 million Americans their insurance, the same time it increases rates by 15 to 20 percent—and, by the way, these figures are from the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, the head of which was appointed by Republicans. These are solid predictions that are done by people who were appointed by Republicans. We are not citing any outside group or naysayers who don’t like the bill. These are the objective Congressional Budget Office numbers that we are citing here in their en-tirety. So, in addition to costing people 15 to 20 percent more, this bill also, for rea-sons unknown, gives an enormous multibillion-dollar tax break to mil-lionaires and billionaires in New York and California. That is where most of them live. Now, there are a few in other places, of course, too. But it is just unclear why, at the same time Republicans are trying to change the healthcare law, they want to go back to giving enormous tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans. We are not even talking the wealthiest 1 per-cent. We are talking, like, one-tenth of a percent who are going to see the bulk of the benefit from these tax cuts, at the same time that health care is being taken away from 24 million people who have insurance today, and at the same time those who are fortunate enough to be able to continue to have it will have to pay 15 to 20 percent more. That is why, Mr. Speaker, this bill is so unpopular. If you are going to go through the trouble of creating an en-tirely new entitlement program, at least do it in a way where it actually helps people afford coverage versus hurts their ability to afford coverage. Now, I gave the example in my re-marks of Greg, and that is far from unique because people today, who rely on the subsidies to be able to get health insurance within the Affordable Care Act, if the Republican bill passes, would have to quit their jobs and rely on Medicaid instead, or they would have to take a lower-wage job. Instead of earning $40,000 or $50,000 a year, they would have to quit that job and try to take a minimum-wage job so they could qualify for Medicaid. Essentially, this Republican healthcare bill is telling Americans, you need to be lazy and not work if you want health care because, if you want to work a job, we are going to take it away. We are only going to provide it if you quit your job or take a minimum- wage job under Medicaid. So that is not the message or the in-centives that we want to send to the American people. One of the great as-pects of the Affordable Care Act is it actually, for the first time, provided an incentive for people to get increases in their wages, to get better jobs, to work additional hours. Before the Affordable Care Act, we were locked into a scenario where peo-ple who were on Medicaid lost their Medicaid benefits if they got a raise at work, depending on the size of their family. It could have been a raise from, let’s say, $14 an hour to $16 an hour. They couldn’t work overtime. They couldn’t work a second job, as so many people do to escape from poverty be-cause they would lose their health care. The Affordable Care Act said: You know what? We are going to allow you and encourage you to work that second job, to get a raise and support your health care as you make your way out of poverty into the middle class. What a great idea. The Republican proposal creates a brand new entitlement program, but rolls back those affordability protec-tions that help people work their way out of poverty, and leaves no alter-native for people like Nikita and Greg, other than you have to quit your job or work a minimum-wage job because, otherwise, we are going to take your health care away from you. b1300 That is the reason that the projec-tions came back—no surprise—that 24 million people will lose their healthcare insurance. It is the reason that healthcare insurance rates will in-crease 15 to 20 percent. We don’t know the reason that they are also giving a tax cut to billionaires in the same bill. We know they want to do that, but they should do that in a tax bill. There is an effort at tax re-form. I think they are talking about giving an additional tax cut to billion-aires in that bill. That will be debated separately. But it is unclear how—or it is more than unclear as to why it would help make health care more af-fordable to give a tax cut to billion-aires. It just doesn’t make any sense. Let’s debate that under a different bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.029 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2257 March 21, 2017 
I am happy to do that. As part of a broader tax proposal, we will see what else is in it. We know Republicans want to do that, but they shouldn’t do that under the guise of health care. So, again, Mr. Speaker, what you have here in this Republican bill, which this current bill does nothing to change—and this bill will pass, it has passed before, and we hope the Senate acts on it to remove the antitrust ex-emption. This bill does nothing to change the facts on the ground that the Republican healthcare bill that creates a brand new entitlement program would make Americans pay more for less, 24 million people would lose their insurance, there is an age tax on older Americans, guts Medicaid, huge tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires, increases of 15 to 20 percent for Ameri-cans who are lucky enough to retain their insurance, and discourages work and encourages people to be lazy at home to get health care. It is the opposite of what we want to do. It is contrary to the American work ethic, and it is contrary to all in-centives around cost containment. I hope—I really hope, Mr. Speaker—that the House defeats this awful bill to re-place the Affordable Care Act, even as we pass some of these commonsense bi-partisan measures like the one before us today that, around the edges, could potentially affect antitrust within in-surance companies. Mr. Speaker, the bill under consider-ation today is a commonsense piece of legislation. It has passed the House be-fore. Ultimately, however, it distracts from the elephant in the room. The American Health Care Act is the Re-publican bill to roll back and change the Affordable Care Act and create a brand new entitlement program while increasing the insurance rates for American families, providing tax cuts to billionaires, and throwing 24 million people off of the insurance rolls. My colleagues across the aisle had 7 years to work with us to improve the Affordable Care Act, but they refused to work with us to make health care more affordable and to expand cov-erage. Instead, they have drafted a bill that does the exact opposite. No won-der we were unable to find common ground when our goals were different. The goals of myself and Democrats have always been to reduce costs and expand coverage. Reading into what the Republican goals must be if this bill meets them, it seems like they are working to decrease coverage and in-crease costs—the opposite of what we are working for. How will my colleagues look into the eyes of a former veteran or a small- business owner or a middle class family or my constituents like Greg or Nikita and somehow tell them that they would be better off under a plan that forces them to quit their jobs and be-come destitute? How will Republicans defend the vote to senior citizens when the age tax in this bill will force most seniors to pay premiums five times higher than what others pay for healthcare coverage? What will my col-leagues say to 24 million people who lose healthcare coverage entirely under this bill? The Republican healthcare bill that this body will consider on Thursday will do extraordinary damage to the healthcare system and leave millions of Americans guessing as to how much healthcare costs will cost and what will be covered. The American healthcare bill threatens to roll back important protections in coverage gains delivered by the ACA, and discus-sion of anything else at this point is a diversionary tactic, plain and simple. Mr. Speaker, let’s defeat the previous question and figure out how much this mysterious manager’s amendment even changes the bill for better or worse. My colleague, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , made a very compelling argument about how we need to know the actual costs and ben-efits of any bill we vote on; yet, this body is being forced to vote blind on a manager’s amendment that we saw for the first time today and could even change by tomorrow, and we won’t even know how it affects the costs of this bill or how it affects the lives of Americans who have health care today or aspire to it. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this commonsense bill to modify our antitrust statutes which Democrats and Republicans have sup-ported overwhelmingly in the past, but never, not once, to take our eye away from the ball of trying to decrease costs rather than increase costs and trying to expand coverage rather than retract coverage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. I would just like to remind those from the House that if you do defeat this rule, you will not vote on this commonsense piece of legislation. So let’s at least put the correct procedural order out there. We need to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this rule and get on to the underlying piece of legislation, which is a piece that has passed this House not only unani-mously by voice vote in the Republican Congress but also with an over-whelming vote just recently in the Democratic administration as well. So we are moving forward on this. I think what is interesting here, and what I have worked on, and we are going to have a lot of discussion on for the next 2 days is repealing and replac-ing ObamaCare. I think it was inter-esting that my friend—we share many a night and day in the Rules Com-mittee, we share different opinions, but he made mention of the elephant in the room. I will just make mention of the donkey in the room. It is amazing to me now that we are actually concerned about people losing health care. We are actually concerned about prices going up. We are actually concerned about these issues that have been going on for 7 years. We are hav-ing an $800 billion tax because we have removed the taxes and impediments of ObamaCare. We are actually—instead of mandating the folks that they buy insurance that they can’t afford and can’t use, we are actually getting a marketplace that will actually give them better choices and results. I think the interesting part here is not knowing the cost and benefits. Good gracious. All we have to do is look back over the last 7 years, Mr. Speaker. When we understand what is going on, let’s also, as we throw out the discussion—it was made in com-ment by my friend, 7 years to fix. You can’t fix broken in this regard. When he goes about it traditionally wrong, it is not fixing. When you take away the markets, when you take away the indi-vidual market, and when you are tak-ing away the very incentives that actu-ally are the underpinnings of our health care to enlarge and grow, if your goals were to reduce and expand, then you failed miserably. You have not reduced costs, they have gone up. You have not expanded choices, they have gone down. I have listened to it about as much as I can right now. We are going to have the next 2 days to give people health. It is why we are over here for the major-ity speaking because of the failure of the ACA in ObamaCare. When we un-derstand that, then we can look at pieces of legislation like the Competi-tive Health Insurance Reform Act that should have been part of this a long time ago. Yet, we choose to begin dis-cussions about a failure. It is about a failure. Choose the status quo. Squint your eyes, look real hard, it is not getting worse, it is really okay, just help us tweak it, help it get better. It is not getting any better. In fact, any insurance company is on a death spiral. ObamaCare is failing. Some of the CBO estimates about increased costs 10 years out are based on ObamaCare pricing. There wouldn’t even be an ObamaCare plan in 10 years because it won’t be there. So we will have these arguments. We will have these discussions. But if you want to move forward a commonsense piece of legislation, if you want to move forward a bipartisan piece of leg-islation, if you want one that actually the American people sent us here to do to actually make things better, then vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill because that is why we are here—real solutions from a real majority that will answer the questions and then gladly defend it to an American people who are tired of being told about and talked about and taking things away because we didn’t read it to know what was in it. That is why, because you couldn’t know what was in it. Now we are going to tell you what is in it, and we are going to put back a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.031 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2258 March 21, 2017 
marketplace that actually works for Americans. When we do that, we will gladly put the market back there where they can actually have a plan they can afford and actually use. When we understand that, the health care and the plan we put forward will be one that works for the American people, not against them. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 209 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 2. In rule XXI add the following new clause: 13. (a) It shall not be in order to consider a measure or matter proposing to repeal or amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PL 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (PL 111–152), or part thereof, in the House or in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union unless an easily searchable electronic estimate and comparison prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Office is made avail-able on a publicly available website of the House. (b) It shall not be in order to consider a measure or matter proposing to repeal or amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PL 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (PL 111–152), or part thereof, in the House or in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, that is called up pursuant to a rule or order that makes a manager’s amendment in order or considers such an amendment to be adopted, unless an easily searchable updated elec-tronic estimate and comparison prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Of-fice reflecting such amendment is made available on a publicly available website of the House. (c) It shall not be in order to consider a rule or order that waives the application of paragraphs (a) or (b). 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5-minute votes on adopting the resolu-tion, if ordered, and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1353. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 185, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 176] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.032 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2259 March 21, 2017 
Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Allen Beyer Deutch Emmer Fortenberry Lewis (GA) Marchant Payne Rush Sinema Slaughter Thompson (MS) Tsongas 
b1335 Mr. COHEN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. WITTMAN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 176. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 182, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 177] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Beyer Deutch Fortenberry Lewis (GA) Marchant Norcross Payne Rush Schweikert Sinema Slaughter Thompson (MS) Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote number 178 on H.R. 1353, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘nay’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote number 178 on H.R. 1353, I mis-takenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESI-DENT Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, from the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–54) on the resolu-tion (H. Res. 154) of inquiry requesting the President of the United States and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to transmit certain in-formation to the House of Representa-tives relating to plans to repeal or re-place the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act and the health-re-lated measures of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1101, SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH FAIRNESS ACT OF 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 210 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 210 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1101) to amend title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for entrepreneurs with small businesses with re-spect to medical care for their employees. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment recommended by the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115–9 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be con-sidered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce; (2) the further amendment printed in the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 210 provides for consideration of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. President Trump promised to repeal and replace ObamaCare, which is nega-tively affecting our economy and caus-ing great hardship on the American people. Congress is responding this week with multiple bills to do just that. After years of endless premium in-creases, we must take steps to make health insurance more accessible and affordable, including for small busi-nesses that employ the majority of Americans. H.R. 1101, the Small Busi-ness Health Fairness Act, will do just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.008 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2261 March 21, 2017 
that by helping to level inequalities be-tween large and small employers, ulti-mately making health insurance more affordable for millions of Americans. Simply put, the Small Business Health Fairness Act will empower small businesses to band together through association health plans to purchase health insurance. This will allow them to increase their bar-gaining power, negotiating for lower health insurance rates on behalf of their employees, just like their large competitors do. Additionally, the bill will allow their plans to fall under the Employee Re-tiree Income Security Act of 1974, or ERISA, and the Department of Labor, just like the large self-funded employer plans, preempting a myriad of State regulations that often make insurance unaffordable for small businesses. The usefulness of this legislation is easy to imagine. For example, a small accounting firm might employ just three or four people while the largest firms employ tens of thousands. If that small firm could join together with others just like it to provide health in-surance through their national associa-tion, it could have the same bargaining power and be subject to the same regu-lation as the firm with thousands of employees. This parity means more op-tions and lower costs for employers and employees. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s small busi-nesses were hit especially hard by the passage of ACA. In fact, a 2016 survey by the National Federation of Inde-pendent Businesses found that small businesses identified the cost of health care as their number one challenge. An estimated 300,000 small-business jobs were destroyed, and an estimated 10,000 small businesses closed alto-gether due to the failed ObamaCare policies. Since 2008, 36 percent of all small businesses with fewer than 10 employ-ees have stopped offering healthcare coverage. This has resulted in less overall healthcare options for working families. ObamaCare’s compliance costs and mandates have resulted in $19 billion in lost wages for small-business employ-ees. The bottom line is that small busi-nesses—the backbone of our Nation’s economy—and their employees are feeling the pain of ObamaCare’s fail-ures and broken promises. I meet with these small-business owners from south Alabama every day. They want to take care of their em-ployees and provide them with high- quality health insurance. Through en-acting the Small Business Health Fair-ness Act, we can help thousands of small businesses achieve that goal. Mr. Speaker, I also want to point out that this legislation includes strong protections to ensure association health plans are solvent and that the families covered by them are indeed protected. A sponsor of a plan must be a bona fide trade, industry, or profes-sional organization and can’t be estab-lished for the purpose of providing medical care. The sponsor must have existed for a period of at least 3 consecutive years before providing group health insur-ance coverage. The association health plan must be operated by a board of trustees and will be supervised by the Department of Labor. This will include minimum capital requirements and a requirement that plans have a stop-loss and solvency insurance. Finally and most importantly, the bill prohibits association health plans from discriminating based upon health status and preexisting conditions. Mr. Speaker, the Small Business Health Fairness Act is about ensuring our Nation’s small businesses are af-forded the same opportunities given to large corporations and labor unions. When similar legislation has been brought to the floor in the past, it has received strong bipartisan support, as I hope this bill will today. Ultimately, this bill is just one part of our larger plan to rescue the Amer-ican people from the failures of ObamaCare. This week, the House in-tends to vote to repeal ObamaCare, along with its mandates and its taxes. But we do also understand that the pre-ObamaCare status quo is not ac-ceptable. That is why the House is al-ready moving to consider bills to give Americans the freedom, choices, and control they deserve. Our solutions are built on free mar-ket and patient-centered principles. By getting the government out of the way and increasing competition, we can draw down costs and help Americans obtain health care that actually works for them. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 210 and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1400 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule today that provides for con-sideration of H.R. 1101, the so-called Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. This bill, first of all, from a proce-dural basis, did not allow even a discus-sion of the amendments that my Demo-cratic colleagues brought forward to improve the bill. This rule has some-thing called the structured amendment process, which basically means that Democrats are locked out from pre-senting our ideas for improving this bill. We are not even allowed a 10- minute debate or a vote on any of the ideas that many of my colleagues brought forward. The gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) proposed an amendment to require the legislation only take effect if the Congressional Budget Office de-termined premiums for older workers wouldn’t increase. Sounds like a rea-sonable idea to at least debate for an hour, 10 minutes. It is important to do. The gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) offered an amendment that would have required all associa-tion health plans to continue the 10 es-sential health benefits of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to obtain State certification—again, not even allowed to vote on her amend-ment. The gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) offered an amendment to allow States to continue regulating any association health plan, including regulations related to benefits, con-sumer protections, and rating restric-tions—not allowed. These amendments would have im-proved the underlying legislation. They should have been allowed to proceed to the floor. Unfortunately, the only amendment that made it in was from the Republican side of the aisle, and all of the great ideas that Members on my side of the aisle offered were prevented from being even allowed to be debated under this restrictive rule. I find it very troubling that my col-leagues on the other side seem to pre-fer a partisan vote to collaboration and to considering valuable proposals that might help improve the quality of health care just because they happen to come from Democrats. But there is a bigger issue here. Of course, in addition to the faulty proc-ess, the bill is simply a bad bill and does nothing to address the problems with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which is pending before this body. One of the issues raised under this bill is it could lure away young and healthy workers, creating a distortion in the market. The ACA changed that practice by requiring health insurance sold through an association to meet the same insurance standards of cov-erage sold to the individual and small group market, preventing cherry-pick-ing and providing a basic level of pro-tection for consumers. This bill would roll back that progress, creating a sep-arate set of rules for association health plans, essentially exempting them from complying with State regula-tions. There is also little evidence that it has even been effective to expand cov-erage. That is why many consumer and advocacy groups, including, for in-stance, the National Association of In-surance Commissioners, have come out opposed to this bill. But even more disturbing is the fact that we are considering a bill that even its proponents would agree does not in any way, shape, or form replace the protections of the Affordable Care Act. This is a bill that is narrow in scope. In fact, when we marked it up in our com-mittee, the Education and the Work-force Committee, that very same day, the Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees were marking up a bill to create a brand-new entitle-ment program, remove health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.041 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2262 March 21, 2017 
from 24 million Americans who have it today, and increase costs by 15 to 20 percent for those who are paying for their insurance today. At that time, the Republican healthcare bill had only been public for 24 hours. When the committees marked it up, we didn’t even know how much the bill cost or how many people would lose coverage as a result. That infor-mation only came later, after com-mittee members voted to amend or not amend the bill. Frankly, it is unconscionable to deny people healthcare insurance. It may be a life-or-death proposition, and we need to do a better job understanding bills before we vote on them, which is one of the reasons that we need to make sure we know the cost of this so-called man-ager’s amendment, these midnight changes to the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. What is interesting with this pro-posed American Health Care Act the Republicans plan to bring to the floor, it was just reported—and I will be sub-mitting the article for the R
ECORD — that the Republican bill actually re-sults in more people being uninsured than if ObamaCare were simply re-pealed outright. So rather than repealing it outright, what Republicans are doing is giving a tax break to billionaires, creating a brand-new entitlement program, throwing 24 million people off the in-surance rolls, and increasing costs by 15 to 20 percent. It would actually throw less people off insurance if they simply repealed ObamaCare. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article from The New York Times. 
[From The New York Times, Mar. 21, 2017] The Upshot—Public Health F
EWER AMERICANS WOULD BEINSURED WITH G.O.P. P
LANTHANWITHSIMPLE REPEAL  (By Margot Sanger-Katz) The Congressional Budget Office recently said that around 24 million fewer Americans would have health insurance in 2026 under the Republican repeal plan than if the cur-rent law stayed in place. That loss was bigger than most experts an-ticipated, and led to a round of predictable laments from congressional Democrats—and less predictable ones from Republican sen-ators, including Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and John Thune of South Dakota, who told reporters that the bill needed to be ‘‘more helpful’’ to low-income people who wanted insurance. But one piece of context has gone little no-ticed: The Republican bill would actually re-sult in more people being uninsured than if Obamacare were simply repealed. Getting rid of the major coverage provisions and regula-tions of Obamacare would cost 23 million Americans their health insurance, according to another recent C.B.O. report. In other words, 1 million more Americans would have health insurance with a clean repeal than with the Republican replacement plan, ac-cording to C.B.O. estimates. The C.B.O. estimated what would happen after a simple repeal when it considered a bill that Congress passed last year. (Presi-dent Obama later vetoed that bill.) The bill left parts of Obamacare in place, so the 23 million estimate didn’t come with the kind of detailed analysis that accompanied last week’s score of the American Health Care Act. But the similarity of the two estimates highlights some of the difficulties of the cur-rent proposal, both for Democrats, who are strongly criticizing potential coverage losses, and for the repeal-or-die crowd, who hate the structure of this new bill. ‘‘It’s reaffirmed how exceedingly com-plicated and convoluted the approach the House leadership took,’’ said Dan Holler, the vice president for communications and gov-ernment relations at Heritage Action, an ad-vocacy group firmly in the repeal-or-die camp. Late Monday, House leadership revealed a set of amendments to the bill, which will be considered when the bill comes up for a vote. But, if they are adopted, the changes are un-likely to have major effects on overall cov-erage numbers. If anything, the changes might lead to a larger increase in the num-ber of Americans without health insurance. The people who would end up without health insurance are slightly different in the two cases. The current bill would cause more people to lose employer insurance, while a straight repeal bill would most likely cause more people who buy their own coverage to become uninsured. A simple repeal would be worse for Americans with pre-existing condi-tions, but the current bill would be worse for older Americans who are relatively healthy. Both approaches would lead to major reduc-tions in the number of Americans covered by Medicaid. The bill that Congress passed in 2016 is the third scenario. It would have kept Obamacare’s major insurance regulations on the books, including its rule that health in-surers need to sell insurance at the same price to healthy and sick customers of the same age. It would have removed funding for the expansion of Medicaid, dropped subsidies to help people buy health coverage, and eliminated the individual and employer man-dates in the law. The results of those changes would be dras-tic: In a decade, 32 million more people would be without health insurance, accord-ing to the estimates. The C.B.O. essentially said it was a policy combination that would break the insurance market, resulting in substantially more people losing coverage than gained it under Obamacare. The kind of full repeal that some Repub-licans are calling for would, of course, be hard to pass. Even if every member of their caucus supported the approach, most experts believe that repealing Obamacare’s major in-surance provisions would require a type of legislation that would be vulnerable to a Senate filibuster, and would thus require at least eight Democratic votes. All three approaches would result in mean-ingful reductions in the number of Ameri-cans with health coverage. But, in the end, it appears that the long-term effects of the cur-rent Republican plan don’t look that dif-ferent from full repeal. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, Margo San-ger-Katz said, in part: ‘‘But one piece of context has gone little noticed: The Republican bill would actually result in more people being uninsured than if ObamaCare were simply repealed. Get-ting rid of the major coverage provi-sions and regulations of ObamaCare would cost 23 million Americans their health insurance. . . . In other words, 1 million more Americans would have health insurance with a clean repeal than with the Republican replacement plan, according to CBO estimates.’’ So it is just unclear what the Repub-licans are trying to do here. If the goal was to come up with something worse than repealing the Affordable Care Act, they certainly reached that goal: less people will have coverage, more tax breaks for billionaires, higher rate in-creases for most Americans. On every account, it actually underperforms a cleaner repeal. What Democrats wanted to do is im-prove the Affordable Care Act. And I want to be clear, none of us have ever argued the Affordable Care Act is per-fect. I pushed for fixes. So many of my Democratic and Republican colleagues have pushed for fixes to strengthen the law, like repealing the medical device tax, which adds cost to health care, and altering the Cadillac tax on insur-ance premiums. In the Education and the Workforce Committee, I actually offered three amendments to show some of the ideas that I and some of my colleagues had to improve the Affordable Care Act. They offered an amendment to estab-lish a public option in the exchange, to provide a baseline of competition in every ZIP Code in this country—de-feated on a partisan vote. I should add that my proposal for a public option— and I am a cosponsor of the bill to do the same—would actually reduce the budget deficit by over $50 billion. I also offered an amendment for pric-ing transparency to help make the market in health care work. One of the major market fallacies in health care is a Byzantine pricing structure where, frequently, different entities and peo-ple are paying different amounts for the same thing. If we had simple pric-ing transparency and quality trans-parency, we would go a long way to-wards making markets work in health care—defeated on a party vote. Finally, I offered an amendment that would have allowed reimportation of prescription drugs. When you have a situation where—we have a popular ex-ample of this in the EpiPen, costing Americans who need access to the EpiPen over $400, and yet in neigh-boring countries—Canada, Australia— EpiPens cost $40 or $50, one-tenth as much. It is not unique to the EpiPen. By no means is that an exception to the rule. In fact, it is the rule. By allowing re-importation of prescription drugs, a proposal that was backed in the Senate in a bipartisan way by many of my Democratic and Republican colleagues as a budget amendment, we could actu-ally reduce costs in health care, mak-ing the goal of expanding coverage even easier with those reduced costs. You know, when I think about health care, I think it is important to think about who in our districts and States it most affects. I think of Pat Hayward, a constituent in my district who lives in Loveland. Pat has so many family members who would be directly impacted by the repeal of the ACA. For instance, her husband has melanoma and over the years has needed several procedures to remove cancerous cells from his skin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.042 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2263 March 21, 2017 
Had those procedures not been done in a timely and efficient manner, it could cause major complications, including premature death for Pat’s husband. Prior to the Affordable Care Act, when they tried to change insurance carriers, her husband was told that any coverage would exclude coverage of cancers, the very type of coverage he needed, because it was a preexisting condition. They literally would have had to choose between bankruptcy or being forced out of their home and into destitution or not getting the life-saving melanoma treatments that he needed. But it is not just Pat’s husband who has benefited and perhaps is alive and thriving today because of the protec-tions of the Affordable Care Act. Pat’s eldest son took advantage of a provi-sion that allowed him to stay on his parents’ plan until he got a job with health insurance at age 25. Their younger son has struggled with anxiety and panic attacks, but thanks to comprehensive mental health treat-ment and the protections of the mental health parity that are in the Affordable Care Act—and being rolled back under the American Health Care Act, the Re-publican bill to replace it—their son is now back in college and thriving. Pat, herself, expressed gratitude. The Affordable Care Act covers wellness visits and tests like mammograms, which can detect problems early, re-duce costs, and save lives. I share this story—and Pat wanted me to share her story—because fami-lies like the Haywards are like families in every State, in every county, in every ZIP Code in the country. Amer-ican families have faced their share of medical challenges, as have mine, and I am sure that yours has as well, Mr. Speaker. Medical challenges crop up unexpectedly. They don’t have any bias toward a political party. They affect Democrats and Republicans and Inde-pendents and Greens and apathetic vot-ers and diligent participants in our civic system. They make no distinc-tion. But the Affordable Care Act is there to make it easier for families across our country to stay healthy, to get bet-ter, to save their lives so that kids can grow up with their parents healthy, kids can grow up and be able to go to school and get good jobs. And like so many of my constituents, Pat told me she would rather see the current system improved than thrown out entirely, and I agree. That is why I offered the pricing transparency amendment, the public option amend-ment, and the reimportation of pre-scription drug amendment; and there are dozens of other ideas to improve the Affordable Care Act from my side of the aisle. I offered amendments in committee that would have codified these provisions into law. I plan to continue to fight to improve access and lower healthcare costs, but dismantling the Affordable Care Act is simply counterproductive towards that end. The Republican proposal to create a brand-new entitlement program would cause 24 million Americans to lose their insurance—over 1 million more than repealing the Affordable Care Act. For those who are lucky enough to still have their insurance, it would increase rates by 15 to 20 percent. It would also, for reasons unknown, have an enormous tax cut for billion-aires and millionaires. We know Re-publicans want to do that, but they should do that through a tax bill, not through something that is supposed to be a healthcare bill—enormous tax cuts. We are not even talking the wealthiest 1 percent. Most of those tax cuts go to the wealthiest one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans. That certainly doesn’t help reduce the cost of health care. Again, this bill can be debated, and, frankly, many of us feel it presents a problem in the risk pools that remove consumer protections. There is a sol-vency issue around some of these groups. There is a legitimate debate to be had, but we certainly haven’t heard anybody present that somehow this bill is any kind of answer to making health care more affordable or expanding cov-erage. What we have before us over the next couple of days is a bill that not only is the answer, but is a bill that creates an even bigger problem. The Republican healthcare bill would dig us in a deeper hole with regard to health care, leaving more Americans without coverage, cre-ating a costly, brand-new entitlement program, and raising rates for those Americans who are lucky enough to still have their insurance after the Re-publicans remove it from tens of mil-lions of people. If that bill is the answer, what is the question? Is the question, Mr. Speaker: How do we make health care cost more for American families? Is the question, Mr. Speaker: How do we have less people covered and throw 20 million people off of health care in-surance? Is the question, Mr. Speaker: How do we make sure that, rather than work hard and try to get a raise or work two jobs, Americans are forced to quit their jobs and be lazy and not work just so that they can have Medicaid eligi-bility, which is what the brand-new Re-publican entitlement program would do? Or, is the answer to move forward in a bipartisan way to improve the Af-fordable Care Act, a discussion that so many of us are excited to have. I was disappointed that my three amendments were shut out in partisan votes in committee, and I am hopeful that by resetting this process, we can work together to reduce costs and ex-pand coverage. Defeating the rule today will be the first step towards ac-complishing that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. My colleague from Colorado raised an important question: What are the Republicans trying to accomplish here? It is pretty simple. We are trying to give freedom and choice back to the American people who lost their free-dom and choice and control over their healthcare plans, who lost freedom and control over their health care because of an ill-considered law passed by this Congress several years ago. He talked about the cost to American consumers. If you want to pass some-thing that is going to increase cost to American consumers, this Congress did that several years ago. Look at the dramatic increase in healthcare insur-ance premiums, the dramatic increase in people’s deductibles that have oc-curred since the Affordable Care Act— the so-called Affordable Care Act—was passed here in Congress several years ago. We are trying to reverse that. We are trying to get control back. And, in fact, we know from the Congressional Budget Office score that it will lower premiums by 10 percent. We haven’t seen premiums go lower in years. So if they want to know what we are trying to accomplish, it is plain on its face. The gentleman referred to some amendments that he offered in com-mittee. Every one of those amend-ments was ruled nongermane. And for those of us that maybe don’t understand a lot about what ‘‘ger-mane’’ means, it is pretty simple. You can’t offer amendments to a bill that aren’t related to the subject matter of the bill. The chairwoman of the committee ruled that he offered amendments that weren’t germane to the bill that we have today. So the gentleman didn’t lose because people were trying to lock him out of the process. He just offered amendments that had nothing to do with the underlying bill. He talked about the fact that this underlying bill for the rule we have today will lure away young and healthy workers. 1415 Let me say it again. I said this in my principal remarks. Under this bill, none of these association health plans can discriminate against anybody. They can’t do that. They can’t say we are only going to let young or healthy people in the plan. They have to admit everyone. So there is no discrimination here. Everyone will be covered. And remember how many people in America work for small businesses. All types of Americans work for small businesses. We are not trying to hurt them. We are trying to give them more opportunities to get better health in-surance that will cost less money. And if there was anything in here that would cause discrimination, we would have heard long and hard about that before this point. I would suggest to you, Mr. Speaker, that that is not a relevant argument to this particular bill. Every plan that is going to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.043 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2264 March 21, 2017 
under this bill must comply with the regulations of the Department of Labor, just like big corporation plans have to comply with the regulations of the Department of Labor. We are simply treating small busi-nesses through these associations the same way we treat big corporations. We have essentially denied to the em-ployees of small businesses the same opportunities to get good health insur-ance at a lower cost that their col-leagues that work for bigger corpora-tions get. The reason the bigger corporations have this is because the Department of Labor comes up with a nationwide rule so you don’t have all these different variations from State to State and al-lows for those big companies to do the things that they can do so very well be-cause of their size to get better health care for an affordable cost for their em-ployees. We are giving the same thing to these small businesses through their associations. And remember, this is not just one bill. We actually just passed a rule. We will be considering another bill that will exempt, from the provisions of McCarran-Ferguson, health insurance so we get more competition into the health insurance market. This bill is on top of that. It is on top of the AHCA that we will be consid-ering later this week and other bills that will be coming, because there are a host of things that we are doing on this side of the aisle to make sure we restore freedom and choice and afford-able care to the people of our country. We are not removing people from health insurance in any of the bills that we are doing. We are giving them the freedom to choose. And that is what America is really all about: the freedom to choose. Right now we are coercing, by law, people to go out and buy health insur-ance that they don’t want. That shouldn’t be done in America. We are going to give them their freedom back. And if they chose not to buy health in-surance, that is their right as Ameri-cans. That is not taking something away from somebody. That is giving them their freedom back. So I would suggest to the gentleman that, if he wants to look for something that is going to help the workers of America, this bill and the other bills that our side of the aisle are proposing will do just that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Alabama, for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. As a surgeon in north Florida, I wit-nessed, firsthand, the disaster that is ObamaCare. After ObamaCare was passed and implemented, small medical practices across the country were faced with new, crippling regulations that threatened their very existence. I ran a small urology practice in Pan-ama City and faced the very devasta-tion that these new regulations on small business imposed. Thankfully, I was able to work with several other small practices to create the Advanced Urology Institute, a 45-physician prac-tice with over 400 employees and offices throughout north Florida. Cooperation and pooling of our resources allowed our practice to reduce costs and to bet-ter serve our patients. My experience underscores why the Small Business Health Fairness Act is so crucial. The Small Business Health Fairness Act allows small businesses to operate under the same principle when purchasing health insurance for their employees. By joining together across State lines through associations, small busi-nesses can achieve the economies of scale enjoyed by big businesses and unions when purchasing health care. It will empower small businesses to pur-chase better plans at a lower cost, which means working families can get the care they need at a price they can afford. It is time to put small business em-ployees on a level playing field with those of large businesses and those in unions. The health insurance market and this bill does just that. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, amendments that were brought forward by Ms. BONAMICI , germane. Republicans shut it down, didn’t allow a debate. Amendment brought forward by N
ORMA TORRES for this very bill, ger-mane—not allowed to be debated for not even 10 minutes, not 5 minutes, not even 1 minute. Mrs. T
ORRES wasn’t even allowed to offer her amendment under this rule that only allowed Re-publican amendments. Finally, Mr. E
SPAILLAT ’s amendment to this bill, yes, germane. He was, nev-ertheless, shut out in a party-line vote by the Rules Committee and not al-lowed to present his amendment before the floor that would simply allow States to continue protecting the bene-fits and consumer protections and rat-ing restrictions in associated health plans, very simply. Mr. Speaker, we are here considering the rule for H.R. 1101 and we still don’t have a cost estimate from our non-partisan experts at CBO. We certainly believe this legislation will increase premiums for the middle class and sen-iors, but we don’t have any idea how much so. It is becoming a pattern, Mr. Speaker. Two weeks ago, the Republican ma-jority pushed ahead with their healthcare repeal bill without a cost estimate. A week later, it turned out it will cost 24 million Americans their in-surance and 15 to 20 percent increases for those who would still have it. Late last night, there was a back-room, secretive manager’s amendment that was proposed which we don’t know the cost of or how it would affect cov-erage, and it is irresponsible for the Republicans to move forward without knowing the effect of the bill as amended. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule that would require a CBO cost estimate that analyzes the impact of any legis-lation amending or repealing the Af-fordable Care Act, as well as the im-pact of any manager’s amendment to that legislation, to be made publicly available before the bill may be consid-ered on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE) to discuss our proposal to make sure we actually know the cost of what is be-fore this body. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding and for his tireless advocacy on behalf of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition, first, to this terrible rule, of course, which made no Democratic amend-ments in order, but also in strong sup-port of Congressman P
OLIS’ amend-ment that requires the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office to score the final bill, which is the bill to take away health care from 24 million peo-ple, to score it as amended by the Re-publican manager’s amendment before the bill is on the House floor. This clearly is nothing new for Re-publicans, though. In fact, just 2 weeks ago, Republicans shamefully pushed ahead with the markup of their terrible ACA repeal bill without a score from the Congressional Budget Office. And this week, on the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act, Repub-licans’ terrible plan to repeal this life-saving legislation will make it to the House floor. One thing is clear. Republicans’ pro-posals, of course written in secret back rooms, would be a disaster for strug-gling families, seniors, people with dis-abilities, low-income individuals, the poor, and the middle class. It would, yes, rip away health care from 24 million people, reduce benefits, increase rates for those who can least afford this, and transfer $600 billion in tax cuts to the very wealthy. That is outrageous, but it gets even worse. Late last night, in secret back rooms, Republicans introduced a dangerous manager’s amendment that doubles down on the war on women’s health and the poor, low-income, and strug-gling families. Yes, once again, Republicans are at-tempting to move forward with a vote on the final GOP’s take away health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.046 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2265 March 21, 2017 
care from 24 million Americans, a bill that includes a manager’s amendment, without an updated Congressional Budget Office score. The American people deserve to know the full damage of this disastrous bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and support Congressman P
OLIS’ amendment to en-sure that we have updated Congres-sional Budget Office scores before this bill is brought to the House floor. I thank the gentleman for this amendment, and I thank him for yield-ing me time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the manager’s amend-ment that has been referred to was put on a public website last night. Every-one in the House of Representatives will have 3 days to read the manager’s amendment. There is nothing secret about it. Bills are not written in front of cam-eras. They are written so that they can be put on public websites for all of us to see it. This manager’s amendment was handled like many, many other manager’s amendments are handled, including the way manager’s amend-ments have been handled by the other side when they were in the majority. Let’s remember, in 2010 when the rec-onciliation bill was passed that estab-lished the ACA, no amendments were allowed on the floor—none, zero. So if there is a precedent that has been set in this House, it was set by my friends on the other side of the aisle when they passed the Affordable Care Act and wouldn’t allow any amendments by any Member of the House. That is the precedent. There is nothing new about the way this manager’s amendment was han-dled. It was handled the way manager’s amendments are handled virtually all the time. Everybody in this House now has a copy of it, has plenty of time to read it and ask questions about it. Nothing secret going on here. The truth of the matter is that we are moving forward with our plan, as we said we were, to repeal and replace ObamaCare, to give freedom and choice back to the people of America so that patients control their health care, not a bureaucrat in Washington. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, over 150 amendments by Democrats were re-jected to this healthcare bill before us today, contrary to the process of 8 years ago when over 120 Republican amendments were not only made in order, but were actually incorporated into the healthcare bill despite the fact that, for final passage, not a single Re-publican voted for it. So when we talk about the record and the precedent, there couldn’t more of a night-and-day difference between what is occurring today where Demo-crats are locked out and the effort 8 years ago where Republican ideas were welcomed in the process. I also want to ask my colleague from Alabama—I was hoping that he would yield me the time to do so, and I will have to yield him time for an answer— he mentioned that this manager’s amendment has already been posted and we will have 3 days to look at it. I just want to get his assurance that the version that we saw posted is the ac-tual version that will be brought to the Rules Committee and presented on the floor and there will be no further changes to the manager’s amendment, if the gentleman can assure me of that. Mr. BYRNE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POLIS. I yield to the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. As far as I know, speak-ing back to the gentleman from Colo-rado, the manager’s amendments that were posted last night are going to be the manager’s amendments that we will consider tomorrow in the Rules Committee. Mr. POLIS. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Speaker, I also would like to ask if we are going to have a score from the Con-gressional Budget Office prior to the House having to vote on that man-ager’s amendment? I yield, for an answer, to the gen-tleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I am ready to answer the question. We believe that we will be receiving the CBO table prior to the vote on the floor of the House of Representatives. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, again, that simply confirms what our previous question would sim-ply require, that before the bill is voted on we will simply know how much it costs and who it impacts. What could be more important than finding that out. I think it is important to note that Democrats have been shut out of the process, at the committee level, in the amendments I offered. Even the ger-mane amendments of this particular bill before us today, Democrats were locked out. Rather than allow Members of both parties to participate in reducing the costs of health care and increasing cov-erage, Republicans have come up with a bill that actually increases costs and decreases coverage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, from what I saw in the CBO score of the bill, the AHCA bill actually reduces govern-ment spending, reduces taxes, and re-duces health insurance premiums over the window of the CBO score. b1430 So it does the exact opposite of what the gentleman suggested. It does ex-actly what the American people sent us here to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the statistics we are talking about, the fact that it will cost Americans 15 to 20 percent more to get health care, the fact that it will cost 24 million Americans their insurance, these are not statistics that are made up by some group that wants to oppose the Republican effort. They are facts that are arrived upon by the Congres-sional Budget Office, the head of which was appointed by a Republican. They do diligent work to determine how much bills cost and what their effect is. Now, of course, you know, those are best estimates. Maybe, instead of 24 million people who will lose coverage under the Republican healthcare bill, maybe it will be 25 million, maybe it will be 23 million. There is always a lit-tle bit of variation on what those pre-dictions are. But whether it is 23 million or 25.6 million, the fact that Americans—mil-lions, tens of millions of Americans— will lose coverage under this Repub-lican bill should be a flashing warning sign that it is time to slow down and work in a collaborative manner to im-prove the Affordable Care Act, rather than create a brand new entitlement program that throws 24 million people off the insurance rolls, and increases the cost for those who remain by 15 to 20 percent. This bill immediately before us is a diversion from the real story in health care. In my home State alone, 600,000 Coloradans would likely lose coverage if the American Health Care Act is rammed through Congress, as my Re-publican colleagues intend to do. The American Health Care Act would roll back important protections and coverage gains. It would create a brand new entitlement program, while deliv-ering record tax breaks for billionaires in New York and California. It is clear that this bill threatens the health and welfare of hundreds of thou-sands of families in Colorado alone, tens of millions across the country. It is time that we get this process right and slow down, rather than cramming a midnight bill through the House of Representatives that we don’t even know the cost of, before we are voting on it. This is simple, Mr. Speaker. Demo-crats are excited to roll up our sleeves and work together to create a plan that will reduce healthcare costs. If you don’t like the amendment I offered for allowing reimportation of prescrip-tion drugs, let’s talk about other op-tions. What about Medicare negotiating prescription drug rates? What about re-moving tax deductibility for the adver-tisements for pharmaceutical compa-nies? What about expediting approval proc-ess at the FDA, which President Trump himself mentioned in this very Cham-ber as a proposal that can reduce the cost of approving drugs from the $1.2 billion it costs today, which is passed along to consumers, to a much lower cost, thereby passing the savings along to consumers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.047 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2266 March 21, 2017 
There are plenty of good ideas the Democrats and Republicans can work together on. None of them are this bill before us today. None of them are in the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. So let’s just stop this ridiculous par-tisan process. I don’t want 24 million Americans to be victims of partisanship in Wash-ington. I don’t want other Americans who pay for their healthcare insurance to be victims of partisanship in Wash-ington. I want to make sure that people in my district who are working hard and only able to afford coverage under the Affordable Care Act because of the healthcare subsidies are not forced into medical bankruptcy and to give up their jobs and rely on Medicaid because of Republican efforts to ram through this brand new entitlement program. Let’s get this right. There is plenty of opportunity to work together to re-duce costs and expand coverage. The American Health Care Act does the exact opposite. It increases costs and reduces coverage. And instead of these incremental bills, like this so-called Small Business Health Fairness Act, which actually winds up removing protections and pushing more costs onto working fami-lies and seniors, we should improve upon and fix the Affordable Care Act that we put in place 7 years ago. We should support innovation to produce healthier outcomes, to reduce costs, and, yes, to expand coverage across our country. We have a unique opportunity in this Congress to put partisanship behind us, to work together to make affordable health care a reality for every Amer-ican family. Because you know what? When you have a preexisting condition, like I talked about Pat’s husband in my district who suffers from mela-noma, it doesn’t matter whether he is a Republican or a Democrat or Inde-pendent or whether he is not even reg-istered at all. What matters is that he is a father to two children, a husband to his wife, and he wants the ability to work with dignity, support himself, and have medical insurance to receive his life-saving monthly injections that allow him to maintain his quality of life and continue to work and pay taxes and support his kids and family. That is what healthcare coverage is all about. So let’s stop this silly partisanship. This Republican American Health Care Act actually kicks more people off of the healthcare rolls than simply re-pealing ObamaCare. By creating this brand new entitlement program, they are actually costing an additional 1 millions Americans their healthcare insurance. But the answer is not to cost 23 mil-lion people their healthcare insurance. It is not to take it away from 24 mil-lion people. You know what the answer is, Mr. Speaker, is to provide a way that more people can work hard and pay into the system, and that we de-crease the number of Americans who lack access to healthcare insurance which, in turn, reduces the costs for the rest of us because of the cost shift-ing that occurs within health care. Mr. Speaker, I know so many of my friends on the Republican and Demo-cratic side of the aisle, dedicated pub-lic servants with thoughtful ideas that they have based on their life experi-ences, that they want to present before this body to reduce the cost of health care. Let’s let them do it. Let’s have an open process. So, 150 amendments from Democrats were shot down in committees, not even allowed to be debated, not even allowed to be included in this healthcare bill. Three of mine were shot down. In this very rule today, amendments by Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Ms. B
ONAMICI were not even allowed to be debated. The American people want health care to be affordable, and they want Republicans and Democrats to work to-gether to accomplish that end. Let’s vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Let’s reset the process. Let’s fix health care. Let’s expand coverage. Let’s reduce costs. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to accomplish those important goals that my constituents have sent me here to work on. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can know the cost of any manager’s amendment before we vote on it; to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and to vote ‘‘no’’ on the un-derlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I certainly agree with my colleague from Colorado that we should avoid silly partisanship, and I hope that that means we won’t see silly partisan pro-cedural motions and points of order be-tween now and the end of the week. We have seen plenty of those up until this point in time by our friends on the other side of the aisle, and I hope that his statement means we won’t see any more since he believes that silly par-tisanship is bad for this body and the consideration of these important healthcare bills. We are not here today to talk about the AHCA. We are here today to talk about the Small Business Health Fair-ness Act. That is what this rule covers. Let me go over again what has hap-pened to small businesses, but, more importantly, what has happened to the people who work for small businesses. An estimated 300,000 small-business jobs were destroyed by ObamaCare; 10,000 small businesses closed because of ObamaCare. Since 2008, 36 percent of small busi-nesses that have fewer than 10 employ-ees have stopped offering healthcare coverage altogether. ObamaCare’s com-pliance costs and mandates have re-sulted in $19 billion in lost wages for small-business employees. The majority of people in this coun-try work for small businesses. We are trying to give them a fair shake. We are trying to give them their freedom and their choice back. We are trying to give them affordable care because their freedom and their choice and the af-fordability of their care has evaporated over the last several years. Ask anybody in America. They come up to me all the time in my district and tell me this. We, through this bill and the other bills we are considering, are repairing the damage done to the people of America by ObamaCare. Now, my colleagues can throw up dil-atory points of order and other proce-dural items later on if they want to en-gage in silly partisanship, or we can get down to the business of taking care of the workers in America. This bill, or a concept like this bill, has been on this floor before and en-joyed bipartisan support. If we are going to drop silly partisanship, let’s drop it right now on this rule and on this bill, and adopt it for the good of the workers in these small businesses throughout America. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 210 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 210 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 2. In rule XXI add the following new clause: 13. (a) It shall not be in order to consider a measure or matter proposing to repeal or amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PL 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (PL 111–152), or part thereof, in the House or in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union unless an easily searchable electronic estimate and comparison prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Office is made avail-able on a publicly available website of the House. (b) It shall not be in order to consider a measure or matter proposing to repeal or amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PL 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (PL 111–152), or part thereof, in the House or in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, that is called up pursuant to a rule or order that makes a manager’s amendment in order or considers such an amendment to be adopted, unless an easily searchable updated elec-tronic estimate and comparison prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Of-fice reflecting such amendment is made available on a publicly available website of the House. (c) It shall not be in order to consider a rule or order that waives the application of paragraphs (a) or (b). 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.049 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2267 March 21, 2017 
offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
VIETNAM WAR VETERANS RECOGNITION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 305) to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Vietnam War Veterans Day, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 305 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DISPLAY OF FLAG ON NATIONAL VIETNAM WAR VETERANS DAY. 
Section 6(d) of title 4, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National Vietnam War Veterans Day, March 29;’’ after ‘‘third Monday in February;’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE REFORM ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 209, I call up the bill (H.R. 372) to restore the appli-cation of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to pro-tect competition and consumers, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 209, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–8 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 372 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. RESTORING THE APPLICATION OF ANTI-TRUST LAWS TO THE BUSINESS OF HEALTH INSURANCE. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO MCCARRAN -FERGUSON  A
CT.—Section 3 of the Act of March 9, 1945 (15 U.S.C. 1013), commonly known as the McCarran-Ferguson Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) Nothing contained in this Act shall modify, impair, or supersede the operation of any of the antitrust laws with respect to the business of health insurance (including the business of dental insurance and limited-scope dental benefits). ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply with re-spect to making a contract, or engaging in a combination or conspiracy— ‘‘(A) to collect, compile, or disseminate histor-ical loss data; ‘‘(B) to determine a loss development factor applicable to historical loss data; ‘‘(C) to perform actuarial services if such con-tract, combination, or conspiracy does not in-volve a restraint of trade; or ‘‘(D) to develop or disseminate a standard in-surance policy form (including a standard ad-dendum to an insurance policy form and stand-ard terminology in an insurance policy form) if such contract, combination, or conspiracy is not to adhere to such standard form or require ad-herence to such standard form. ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘antitrust laws’ has the meaning given it in subsection (a) of the first section of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12), except that such term includes section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to the extent that such section 5 applies to unfair methods of com-petition; ‘‘(B) the term ‘business of health insurance (including the business of dental insurance and limited-scope dental benefits)’ does not in-clude— ‘‘(i) the business of life insurance (including annuities); or ‘‘(ii) the business of property or casualty in-surance, including but not limited to— ‘‘(I) any insurance or benefits defined as ‘ex-cepted benefits’ under paragraph (1), subpara-graph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2), or paragraph (3) of section 9832(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9832(c)) whether offered separately or in combination with insurance or benefits described in paragraph (2)(A) of such section; and ‘‘(II) any other line of insurance that is classi-fied as property or casualty insurance under State law; ‘‘(C) the term ‘historical loss data’ means in-formation respecting claims paid, or reserves held for claims reported, by any person engaged in the business of insurance; and ‘‘(D) the term ‘loss development factor’ means an adjustment to be made to reserves held for losses incurred for claims reported by any per-son engaged in the business of insurance, for the purpose of bringing such reserves to an ulti-mate paid basis.’’. (b) RELATED PROVISION .—For purposes of sec-tion 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to the extent such section applies to unfair methods of competition, section 3(c) of the McCarran-Ferguson Act shall apply with re-spect to the business of health insurance with-out regard to whether such business is carried on for profit, notwithstanding the definition of ‘‘Corporation’’ contained in section 4 of the Federal Trade Commission Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.012 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2268 March 21, 2017 
may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 372. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a bill that will move us a step closer towards restoring healthy competition in the health insurance industry. Today, the health insurance industry is besieged by dwindling competition and skyrocketing premiums. Insurance pro-viders, States, and the public have been dealing with the disastrous repercus-sions of ObamaCare for the past 6 years and overregulation by States for much longer. Congress finally has the opportunity to pass legislation to reverse the down-ward spiral of our health insurance in-dustry. Any such legislation must en-courage a robust and competitive health insurance market in which in-surance providers actively compete for customers. Healthy competition en-sures premiums are accurately priced and that customers are able to find a variety of policies to meet their spe-cific needs and demands. H.R. 372, the Competitive Health In-surance Reform Act of 2017, represents a step on that journey, repealing the McCarran-Ferguson Act as it applies to the business of health insurance. There is wide support for this bill, and the Judiciary Committee has favorably re-ported similar legislation in the past, including legislation that was passed by the House, 406–19 during the 111th Congress. The stated goal of the bill is to help restore competition in the healthcare market. I support this goal and firmly believe this bill must be coupled with larger changes to the existing Federal and State healthcare regulatory schemes. As Speaker R
YAN has noted, States ‘‘should be empowered to make the right tradeoffs between consumer pro-tections and individual choice, not reg-ulators in Washington.’’ This bill does not impact the State’s ability to regulate the insurance mar-ket. Rather, this legislation levels the playing field for all healthcare indus-try participants. While insurers have been exempt from Federal antitrust laws for the past 70 years, healthcare providers and other participants have not. b1445 This bill removes this exemption, en-suring that health insurers are better able to compete to provide quality cov-erage, thereby benefiting hospitals, doctors, and, most importantly, pa-tients. In addition, if separate legislation is passed to allow for the more open sale of health insurance across State lines, the Competitive Health Insurance Re-form Act will allow uniform Federal antitrust laws to be applied across the marketplace while allowing States to maintain authority as the primary reg-ulators of the health insurance market outside of the antitrust sphere. The McCarran-Ferguson Act was originally passed to leave the regula-tion of the business of insurance with the States and to allow insurers to en-gage in certain procompetitive collabo-rative activities. This legislation limits significant un-certainty and unnecessary litigation that would likely result from a broader McCarran-Ferguson repeal, through the use of safe harbors for such histori-cally procompetitive collaborative ac-tivities, specifically the collection and distribution of historical loss data, the determination of loss development fac-tors, the performance of actuarial serv-ices that do not involve restraints of trade, and the use of common forms that are not coercive. Absent these safeguards, insurers will likely disengage from certain proconsumer collaborative activities, eliminating or impeding smaller insur-ers from competing and disincentivizing larger insurers from exploring new products and markets. This will lead to further market con-solidation and fewer product choices, the impact of which will eventually be borne by the consumer. These narrow safe harbors create a presumption that certain procom-petitive activities can continue while maintaining regulation and oversight to the extent any activity crosses over into a restraint of trade. As a result, insurers can continue to engage in proconsumer business practices and will be encouraged to provide a diverse range of offerings at fair and reason-able prices. I thank Mr. GOSAR for introducing this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote for the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in qualified sup-port of H.R. 372, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act, but I do not endorse the majority’s exaggerated claims regarding the bill’s impact on the affordability and availability of health insurance. H.R. 372 would partially repeal the limited Federal antitrust exemption for the business of insurance estab-lished by the McCarran-Ferguson Act in 1945. Specifically, the bill only per-mits Federal antitrust enforcement with regard to the business of health insurance. Now, House Democrats have long supported a full repeal of McCarran- Ferguson’s antitrust exemption for all insurers, not just for health insurers. In 2010, under a Democratic House ma-jority, we passed legislation to repeal the McCarran-Ferguson exemption for health insurers by a vote of 406–19, even though House Republicans had not pre-viously supported moving any version of a McCarran-Ferguson repeal bill. But let me be clear. Enacting H.R. 372 would in no way be a substitute for the many health insurance guarantees of the Affordable Care Act. The two things are completely separate. To begin with, enacting H.R. 372 would not significantly improve healthcare af-fordability or coverage. According to the Congressional Budget Office, H.R. 372’s effect on health insurance pre-miums would probably be quite small, and enacting the bill would have no significant net effect on the premiums the private insurers would charge for health or dental insurance. That is ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office. The Consumers Union observes that the application of the antitrust laws to some health insurance activity, by itself, is simply not enough to create a vibrant insurance market because our long experience shows you can’t expect a healthcare system to run effectively on competition alone. That is the Con-sumers Union. Likewise, the majority’s claim that enacting H.R. 372 would create major new competition by allowing cross- State insurance sales is unavailing. Current law, including the Affordable Care Act, already allows States to agree with each other to allow cross- State insurance sales. Enabling Federal antitrust agencies to police certain forms of anticompeti-tive conduct will not, in and of itself, incentivize health insurers to offer products across State lines beyond the incentives that already exist for offer-ing such products. It just won’t happen by itself. Whatever the incentives for health insurers to offer such products, they have little to do with Federal antitrust law or enforcement. Finally, enacting H.R. 372 would not ensure that the Affordable Care Act’s prohibitions against discrimination and limits on premium growth would remain in place. H.R. 372 only applies to certain anticompetitive conduct and does not preserve or enhance existing protections for consumers of health in-surance. For instance, it does not pro-hibit discrimination by health insurers on the basis of preexisting conditions, nor does it reduce premium growth or require health insurers to be account-able for price increases. Repeal of the antitrust exemption for health insurance is a complement to and not a replacement for the Afford-able Care Act’s many consumer protec-tions. This is not an either-or situa-tion. We need H.R. 372 and the Afford-able Care Act to be in place to maxi-mize benefits, improve quality, and lower costs for consumers. So while I support the bill with some reluctance, I take issue with the ma-jority’s rhetoric. It is very important that we set the record straight here. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.054 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2269 March 21, 2017 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ), who is the chief sponsor of the legislation. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and the Judici-ary Committee for their thorough work on this bill. I would also like to express my appreciation to the broad group of stakeholders who have helped to shape, improve, and support this common-sense and consumer-centric legislation. As Congress, once again, faces the preeminent task of repairing our Na-tion’s healthcare system, first and foremost, we must establish the proper foundation for a competitive and con-sumer-driven health insurance market-place that empowers patients. The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017 will restore the ap-plication of Federal antitrust laws to health insurance and infuse much- needed competition and transparency to the industry. Ending the special-in-terest exemption is the essential first step to broader healthcare reform. Pop-ular cost-reducing reform priorities, such as selling insurance across State lines and developing diverse, consumer- driven plans, are predicated on the ro-bust competitive markets this bill will enable. As a healthcare provider for more than 25 years, I understand firsthand the importance of a competitive and dynamic health insurance market. Pa-tients, doctors, and hospitals alike ben-efit when health insurers compete to provide a variety of quality coverage options. It is apparent that after 70 years, McCarran-Ferguson, the broad-stroked exemption created by Congress in the 1940s, was not wise. Over decades, and expeditiously since the passage of ObamaCare in 2009, the health insur-ance market has devolved into one of the least transparent and most anti-competitive industries in the United States. These antiquated exemptions are no longer necessary for health in-surance. There is no reason in law, pol-icy, or logic for the industry to have special exemptions that are different from all other businesses in the United States. The interpretation of antitrust law has narrowed dramatically over the decades. Many of the practices which insurers say they need this exemption to do, such as analyzing historical loss data, have proven to be permissible by the Federal Trade Commission and the courts over the decades since McCarran-Ferguson was passed. This narrowing of scope has resulted in a law whose efficacy and usefulness long since expired. Yet, the shell of this zombie law lurks to scare off po-tential, legitimate legal challenges from States, patients, and providers. These entities do not have the tools, money, or manpower to challenge these monopolies in court or head-on in the current market. Only the Federal Gov-ernment, with its resources, can en-force the laws which rebalance the playing field of interstate commerce fairly. I would like to stress the point that this legislation does not affect any other type of insurance other than health insurance. The language of the bill was carefully and deliberately drafted to exclude other areas of insur-ance, such as life insurance, property and casualty insurance, and excepted benefits like disability income insur-ance. In short, the legislation before the House today does not repeal the McCarran-Ferguson Act for life insur-ance, annuities, property and casualty insurance, disability income insurance, and long-term care insurance. The broad stakeholders of healthcare professionals, insurance providers, and consumer protection groups support this narrow and important scope of the language. I am open to efforts to strengthen the narrow and deliberate scope of this legislation going forward should the need and opportunity arise. Repeal of this specific section of the McCarran-Ferguson Act, which applies only to health insurance, has strong bi-partisan support. As labeled earlier, in the 111th Congress, it passed by a vote of 406–19 and passed the Republican-led House in the 112th Congress by a voice vote. Similar legislation has been in-troduced by multiple Democratic Mem-bers of the House, and the text of my bill has been included in the Repub-lican Study Committee’s healthcare re-form bill for the last four Congresses in a row. The passage of the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act into law is an important first step towards in-creasing competition in health insur-ance markets and will assist with set-ting the foundation for real, competi-tive, and patient-centered healthcare reform. At the end of the day, you can tell a lot about a bill by who supports it. H.R. 372 has the support of the healthcare professionals that actually provide care to patients, including doc-tors, dentists, surgeons, pharmacists, chiropractors, optometrists, and oth-ers. This key law, by liberating, liber-ates the insurance industry and doc-tors and empowers the patients. Doc-tors will see and insurance will see that the patient is empowered for new opportunities. Things that we can’t even imagine today will exist through competition. It is the American way. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the members of the committee for their work on this issue. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), who is a distinguished lead-er of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his extraordinary leadership on this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 372, the Competi-tive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017, would partially repeal a long-standing antitrust exemption estab-lished by the McCarran-Ferguson Act with respect to the business of health and dental insurance. To qualify for this limited antitrust exemption, an insurer must be engaged in the business of insurance regulated by a State that is not designed to boy-cott, coerce, or intimidate. While these requirements somewhat constrain anticompetitive conduct, it is clear that they do not preclude the most egregious antitrust violations, such as price fixing, bid rigging, and market allocation, by health insurance providers. b1500 Health insurers should not be im-mune from antitrust scrutiny, particu-larly when they collude to increase prices, reduce availability, or other-wise engage in anticompetitive behav-ior. That is why House Democrats passed a measure that is substantively similar to H.R. 372, in 2010, by a vote of 406–19, and in 2009, as well. In 1988, 1992, and 1994, Judiciary Democrats likewise fa-vorably reported legislation to com-pletely repeal the McCarran-Ferguson Act. While H.R. 372 is only a partial repeal of this exemption, I encourage my col-leagues to support this measure. But let me be perfectly clear about three things: First, promoting competition in health insurance markets cannot occur at the expense of the strong protec-tions established by the Affordable Care Act to make health markets more efficient and prohibiting discrimina-tory insurance policies. These protec-tions are ‘‘textbook measures that help promote competition in the insurance marketplace,’’ as Professor Tim Greaney, a leading antitrust expert, testified in 2015. Second, contrary to President Trump’s suggestions on Twitter, re-pealing McCarran-Ferguson’s antitrust exemption for health insurance will not remove State barriers or create new pathways for insurance companies to compete and offer products across State lines. This simplistic approach to healthcare policy overlooks the fact that the Affordable Care Act already allows States to establish healthcare choice compacts to provide for cross- State insurance sales, while five States have already enacted out-of-State pur-chasing laws. But these laws have done little to encourage cross-State insur-ance sales because health insurers are simply not interested in selling these products across State lines. The barriers to entry into health in-surance markets ‘‘are not truly regu-latory, they are financial and they are network,’’ as Professor Sabrina Corlette of Georgetown University’s Health Policy Institute has observed. Notwithstanding President Trump’s exaggerated claims to the contrary, it is also clear that enacting this legisla-tion is not a precondition for Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.055 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2270 March 21, 2017 
authorizing cross-State insurance sales. My Republican colleagues on the Ju-diciary Committee agree, noting in their report on the bill that ‘‘the gen-eral consensus, including among wit-nesses at the most recent Judiciary hearing on the Competitive Health In-surance Reform Act, is that if Congress decides to allow insurers to sell across State lines, such action does not nec-essarily require a repeal of McCarran- Ferguson.’’ And third, there is no evidence that enacting this bill alone will improve the affordability or availability of health insurance. According to the Congressional Budg-et Office, the effect of H.R. 372 on health insurance premiums ‘‘would probably be quite small,’’ and enacting the bill will have ‘‘no significant net effect on the premiums that private in-surers would charge for health or den-tal insurance.’’ Additionally, because the McCarran- Ferguson Act does not apply to merg-ers, H.R. 372 will not prevent further concentration in health insurance mar-kets. The truth is, Mr. Speaker, if Repub-licans were serious about actually en-forcing the antitrust laws, they would fully fund the antitrust agencies. But as we know from the Trump adminis-tration’s budget blueprint, Republicans plan to make deep cuts to the funding of enforcement agencies like the Jus-tice Department, likely to the det-riment of economic opportunity and fair competition. In addition, President Trump has not even nominated heads to the antitrust agencies. According to the Partnership for Public Service, even though he has been in office for 60 days, President Trump has not picked a nominee for 497 of the 553 positions requiring Sen-ate confirmation. Worse still, President Trump is re-portedly considering appointing a former lobbyist for a health insurance giant to run the Justice Department’s antitrust division, which is tasked by Congress ‘‘to protect economic freedom and opportunity by promoting free and fair competition in the marketplace.’’ Citing lobbying reports, the Inter-national Business Times notes that this particular lobbyist participated in the ‘‘antitrust issues associated with Anthem’s proposed acquisition of Cigna,’’ and his firm received $375,000 in lobbying fees. Just last month, the Justice Depart-ment won an important lawsuit initi-ated under the Obama administration to block this merger, which, according to the Department of Justice, would have harmed consumers through in-creased health insurance prices, while stifling the exact innovation that is necessary to lower healthcare costs. It is unsurprising that President Trump’s corporate cabinet will prob-ably include yet another lobbyist that will pursue an extreme agenda on be-half of special interests. But the sig-nificance of this potential appointment cannot be overstated and absolutely will not result in lower prices or more choices for the American people. In closing, Mr. Speaker, while I sup-port H.R. 372 as a complement to the Affordable Care Act, I agree with the ranking member that this bill is not a solution to improving the availability or affordability of health insurance. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 18 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 21 minutes remaining. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman very much for his leadership. I acknowledge the chairman of the committee for his, as well. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me, and although I will make the points that I think are important, I wanted to take the time to thank Mr. C
ONYERS for the thoughtful legislation that he has introduced over the years. This leads me to call this the Con-yers bill because of the important con-tributions it makes to ensuring that our health care is competitive, our health insurance is competitive, and his thoughtfulness in this legislation. As it comes to the floor, I am reminded of Mr. C
ONYERS ’ influence on this legis-lation. It is an interesting time at which it comes, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the importance of H.R. 372, the Com-petitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017, a proposal to remove the anti-trust exemption in the McCarran-Fer-guson Act as it applies to health insur-ance. Overall, the proposed legislation, as well as previous attempts by the Judi-ciary Committee to repeal the McCarran-Ferguson Act’s antitrust ex-emption for health insurance, does not raise new or pressing issues. Opponents of repeal assume problems that cannot be documented, unlike the very tangible and real economic and competitive costs that will be incurred if the exemption is allowed to con-tinue. As the Justice Department has ex-plained, where there is effective com-petition, coupled with transparency, in a consumer-friendly regulatory frame-work, insurers will compete against each other by offering plans with lower premiums, reducing copayments, low-ering or eliminating deductibles, low-ering annual out-of-pocket maximum costs, managing care, improving drug coverage, offering desirable benefits, and making their provider networks more attractive to potential members. That sounds, of course, like the Af-fordable Care Act, which we will cele-brate tomorrow, for that was the day it was signed. That is what health insur-ance should be for the American peo-ple. This legislation is a very thoughtful legislative initiative, and I am hoping that its coming to the floor is not like trying to put lipstick on a pig. That, of course, is the latest configuration of the meaningless TrumpCare, and which the amendment that will be coming forward will, again, in essence, throw people off health insurance. It will take away all that we are intending it to do, but this legislation has reason. Other current enforcement tools and regulatory policies already in place ad-dress competition issues at the State and Federal level to police health in-surance competition. In this and nu-merous other ways, effective regula-tion can promote improved healthcare delivery and improved cost control by ensuring that all insurance companies are required to follow certain basic consumer-friendly rules of the road. Again, wouldn’t it be great to have this very thoughtful legislation with all of the points of the Affordable Care Act: it eliminates preexisting condi-tions, has lowered premiums and con-tinues to lower premiums, and is low-ering or eliminating deductibles. All of those were thoughtful of Mr. CONYERS , and they would have been the right complement to the Affordable Care Act. However, the additional risks of add-ing new regulatory uncertainty, in-creasing boundary-testing litigation, and distracting policymakers from more important ways to reduce healthcare costs and improve healthcare competition suggest that further caution and delay on this front is inadvisable, given present cir-cumstances and conditions. But let us not fool ourselves into thinking that the legislation before us is a panacea that will lead to afford-able, accessible, high-quality health care for all Americans. If that worthy goal is the objective sought, the best way to achieve it is to retain and strengthen the Affordable Care Act and abandon the misguided effort of House Republicans to repeal this landmark legislation and replace it with the pay more for less act masquerading as a healthcare bill. The Affordable Care Act works. I think we in the Judiciary Committee know it full well. We held hearings and briefings; we heard from the victims of those who did not have insurance, who had lost insurance, did not have enough insurance, or the insurance would not cover them. I am reminded of a very emotional story of an 8-year-old girl in the office of an insurance company where her family was begging for coverage be-cause she had leukemia; obviously, a preexisting condition. It is sad to say, but I understand that she lost her life. The Affordable Care Act has signifi-cantly improved the availability, af-fordability, and quality of health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.057 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2271 March 21, 2017 
for tens of millions of Americans, in-cluding millions who previously had no health insurance at all. Americans are rightly frightened by Republican attempts to repeal the ACA without having in place a superior new plan that maintains comparable cov-erages and comparable consumer choices and protections, not throwing off 24 million Americans who will have no insurance. It is beyond dispute that the pay more for less plan proposed by Repub-licans fails this test miserably. The Re-publican pay more for less act is a mas-sive tax cut for the rich, paid for on the backs of America’s most vulnerable: those who work and who happen to be of low income. This Robin-Hood-in-re-verse bill is unprecedented and breath-taking in its audacity. No bill has ever tried to give so much to the rich while taking so much from the poor. One number comes to mind: $880 bil-lion taken away from Medicaid insur-ance covering nursing homes, patients, the blind, the disabled; again, then giv-ing a great plus and a great refund in tax credits to the richest in America. They will be happy. It won’t be health care. They have got private health in-surance. But it certainly will be a big check that they get in the mail. This pay more for less bill represents the largest transfer of wealth from the bottom 99 percent to the top 1 percent in American history. This Republic scheme gives gigantic tax cuts to the rich, and pays for it by taking insur-ance away from 24 million. In addition, Republicans are giving the pharmaceutical industry a big tax repeal, worth nearly $25 billion over a decade, without demanding in return any reduction in the cost of prescrip-tion and brand-name drugs. That is very important. To paraphrase Winston Churchill, of this bill, it can truly be said that never has so much been taken from so many to benefit so few. The pay more for less plan destroys the Medicaid program. CBO estimates 14 million will lose Medicaid. In 2026, 52 million Americans will be uninsured. We know that these combined poli-cies will not help to cure some of the thoughtful deliberations that went into the underlying bill. We want more competition. We want the insurance products to be the kind of products that we can be sure provide health care. In short, the Republican pay more get less plan represents a clear and present danger to the financial and health security of American families and to the very stability of our Na-tion’s healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, the healthcare market-place is complex in how it operates and how it motivates providers, insurers, and consumers. If I can quote the 45th President, he said: ‘‘I didn’t know how difficult this would be.’’ Well, we know how difficult it can be, and was. Mr. Speaker, Democrats held some 79-plus hearings. We had 181 witnesses- plus. We had hundreds of hours of hear-ings. We held thousands, I might imag-ine, of townhall meetings. We didn’t hold one here and one there. I myself held 11 townhall meetings. We continue to hear from not only the consumers, but the rural hospitals, the major hospitals, the senior citi-zens, and particularly those senior citi-zens on dealing with the cost of pre-scription drugs. I am proud to say that we saved the dastardly Medicare part D by closing the doughnut hole, which is closed today, so that seniors under the Afford-able Care Act do not fall into an abyss, a deep ocean, and have to, in essence, not take their drugs because they don’t have enough money. An effective regulatory framework is needed to shape this complex environ-ment—and this is a word to the admin-istration—to help safeguard con-sumers, help keep costs under control, and help make a full range of healthcare services. But our country’s long experience shows that we cannot expect a healthcare system to run ef-fectively on market competition alone. Markets can and do fail when proper regulation is lacking. b1515 So the goodness of this bill has to go along with—a good example is recog-nizing what happens in the ACA’s pro-vision, banning insurance companies from denying coverage of preexisting disease—we had to help them along— preexisting conditions. We had to help them along. You have to help them along to be a good steward of the insur-ance that the American people need. This is a key consumer protection that the free market demonstrates time and time again that it could produce and needed to do. That is where regulation and the antitrust laws come in to protect consumer choice. Let me go back and say that it could not produce on its own. It is a per se violation of antitrust laws for com-peting companies to agree to divide markets or to fix prices. The other sec-tors in the healthcare supply chain are already subject to antitrust laws, and it will be beneficial to the healthcare marketplace and to consumers if the healthcare industry joins them. That is why I said this bill is a thoughtful, im-portant bill to dealing with the com-plex issues of insurance and health care. I am sad to say that tomorrow, as we celebrate the Affordable Care Act, we will be looking toward Thursday, where we will be, in essence, debating a bill that takes 24 million people off of health insurance, period. 24 million will lose their coverage. Tax giveaways will continue again to the top 1 per-cent. That will be $600 billion in tax breaks to the rich and big corpora-tions. In fact, the Republican bill gives $2.8 billion to 400 of the richest families in America. Then to add to the downside, the Af-fordable Care Act was known to create more jobs. Unfortunately, this will see 2 million jobs destroyed and lost. Fam-ilies will be paying more for less. Young people will be hit with a millen-nial penalty. And we don’t know if this formula that they have still stops the 50- to 64-year-olds from paying higher premiums. Women lose comprehensive care, middle-aged Americans pay the age tax, seniors see Medicaid and Medi-care weakened, preexisting conditions and disabilities may suffer, and it does not reduce the deficit as the ACA does. My final point, if I can, we are glad to come to the floor and honor Mr. C
ONYERS for this important bill and support H.R. 372. I believe this legisla-tion before us does a lot more good than it does harm, but I hope that we can, in a bipartisan manner—maybe even in a nonpartisan manner—reflect on what is needed to really insure the American people and we can work with the Affordable Care Act, which has all of these positive elements, and move this country forward through competi-tion and health care that saves lives. Mr. Speaker, overall, the proposed legisla-tion, as well as previous attempts by the Judi-ciary Committee to repeal the McCarran-Fer-guson Act’s antitrust exemption for health in-surance, does not raise new or pressing issues. Opponents of repeal assume problems that cannot be documented, unlike the very tan-gible and real economic and competitive costs that will be incurred if the exemption is al-lowed to continue. As the Justice Department has explained, where there is effective competition, coupled with transparency, in a consumer-friendly reg-ulatory framework, insurers will compete against each other by offering plans with lower premiums, reducing copayments, lowering or eliminating deductibles, lowering annual out- of-pocket maximum costs, managing care, im-proving drug coverage, offering desirable ben-efits, and making their provider networks more attractive to potential members. Other current enforcement tools and regu-latory policies already in place address com-petition issues at the state and federal level to police health insurance competition. In this and numerous other ways, effective regulation can promote improved health care delivery and improved cost control, by ensur-ing that all insurance companies are required to follow certain basic consumer-friendly ‘‘rules of the road.’’ It might be argued that increasing the fed-eral government’s role in regulating health in-surance, through expanded antitrust enforce-ment, would appear to conflict with proposed reforms to delegate more responsibility to state governments. However, the additional risks of adding new regulatory uncertainty, increasing boundary- testing litigation, and distracting policymakers from more important ways to reduce health care costs and improve health care competi-tion suggest that further caution and delay on this front is inadvisable given present cir-cumstances and conditions. But let us not fool ourselves into thinking that the legislation before us is a panacea that will lead to affordable, accessible, high quality health care for all Americans. If that worthy goal is the objective sought, then the best way to achieve it is to retain and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.058 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2272 March 21, 2017 
strengthen the Affordable Care Act and aban-don the misguided effort of House Repub-licans to repeal this landmark legislation and replace it with their Pay More For Less Act, masquerading as the American Health Care Act. The Affordable Care Act has significantly improved the availability, affordability, and quality of health care for tens of millions of Americans, including millions who previously had no health insurance at all. Americans are rightly frightened by Repub-lican attempts to repeal the ACA without hav-ing in place a superior new plan that maintains comparable coverages and comparable con-sumer choices and protections. It is beyond dispute that the ‘‘Pay More For Less’’ plan proposed by House Republicans fails this test miserably. The Republican ‘‘Pay More For Less Act’’ is a massive tax cut for the wealthy, paid for on the backs of America’s most vulnerable, the poor and working class households. This ‘‘Robin Hood in reverse’’ bill is unprec-edented and breathtaking in its audacity—no bill has ever tried to give so much to the rich while taking so much from the poor and work-ing class. This ‘‘Pay More Get Less’’ bill represents the largest transfer of wealth from the bottom 99% to the top 1% in American history. This Republican scheme gives gigantic tax cuts to the rich, and pays for it by taking insur-ance away from 24 million people and raising costs for the poor and middle class. In addition, Republicans are giving the phar-maceutical industry a big tax repeal, worth nearly $25 billion over a decade without de-manding in return any reduction in the cost of prescription and brand-name drugs. To paraphrase Winston Churchill, of this bill, it can truly be said that ‘‘never has so much been taken from so many to benefit so few.’’ The ‘‘Pay More Get Less’’ plan destroys the Medicaid program under the cover of repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act Medicaid expan-sion. CBO estimates 14 million Americans will lose Medicaid coverage by 2026 under the Republican plan. In addition to terminating the ACA Medicaid expansion, the ‘‘Pay More Get Less’’ plan con-verts Medicaid to a per capita cap that is not guaranteed to keep pace with health costs starting in 2020. The combined effect of these policies is to slash $880 billion in federal Medicaid funding over the next decade. The cuts get deeper with each passing year, reaching 25% of Medicaid spending in 2026. In short, the Republican ‘‘Pay More Get Less Act’’ represents a clear and present dan-ger to the financial and health security of American families, and to the very stability of our nation’s health care system overall. Mr. Speaker, the health care marketplace is complex in how it operates and how it moti-vates providers, insurers, and consumers. An effective regulatory framework is needed to shape that complex environment, to help safeguard consumers, help keep costs under control, and help make a full range of health care services available. But our country’s long experience shows that we cannot expect a health care system to run effectively on market competition alone; markets can and do fail when proper regula-tion is lacking. A good example is the ACA’s provision ban-ning insurance companies from denying cov-erage of preexisting conditions. This is a key consumer protection that the free market demonstrated time and again that it would not produce on its own. And that is where regulation and the anti-trust laws come in to protect consumer choice. It is a per se violation of antitrust law for competing companies to agree to divide mar-kets or to fix prices. The other sectors in the health care supply chain are already subject to the antitrust laws, and it will be beneficial to the health care mar-ketplace, and to consumers, if the health in-surance industry joins them. For these reasons, I believe the legislation before us does more good than harm and, ac-cordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 372. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, so I reserve the bal-ance of my time until the other side closes. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I want to reiterate my support for this measure, H.R. 372. Now, I don’t know what is happening on the other side, but many of its lead-ers voted against a substantively iden-tical version of this bill in 2010, and that was including Speaker R
YAN, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, Committee on Ways and Means chairman K
EVIN BRADY . They voted against a substantively identical version of this bill. I don’t want to im-pugn motives that I don’t know about, but maybe if you support H.R. 372, you are going to be making the Affordable Care Act, ACA, better. So I want to thank my friends on the other side for helping us out. This is great. We passed something like this a few years ago, and we were very proud that it was an overwhelming vote. This is a very important step for-ward. The Affordable Care Act is not going to be affected in any kind of neg-ative way, and that is why I am eager to join with those who are going to be voting for H.R. 372. I thank my friends on the other side for supporting H.R. 372 as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Our health insurance industry is in a dire situation. Premiums and deductibles are skyrocketing, hundreds of percent in some cases. In the State of the gentleman who is the chief spon-sor of this bill, the State of Arizona, there has been a more than 100 percent increase in just the last year. In 2017, the national State average of insurers participating in Federal ex-changes dropped to four, down from six the previous year. Five States will only have one insurer providing plans on their Federal exchanges this year. It is time to reverse this trend. The Com-petitive Health Insurance Reform Act is an important step in restoring com-petition to the health insurance indus-try and will help to set the foundation for additional essential reforms that must follow. I say to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. CONYERS ), the ranking mem-ber of the committee and my friend, I appreciate very much working with him on this legislation, but I would also say to him that this legislation, as bipartisan as it is, cannot save the Af-fordable Care Act. It is drowning. It is denying people coverage. Its costs are going up so much that somebody who likes it this year will not be able to af-ford it next year. The promise that if you like your health insurance you will be able to keep it was never true, and it is still not true with ObamaCare. The promise that if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor was never true. The promise that health insurance pre-miums would go down under ObamaCare has been proven to be to-tally false. Instead, what we have done is we have denied the American people the right to choose for themselves what access to health care that they need and can afford. We have denied the American people the freedom to decide whether or not they want to purchase a product that is mandated upon them by the Federal Government. That is wrong. It has got to change. That is why we are taking action this week—including the Com-petitive Health Insurance Reform Act, but certainly not only the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act—to re-turn a patient-centered healthcare sys-tem to the American people, one that reconnects them with their healthcare providers, one that will make sure that they have the maximum amount of choice and the maximum amount of ac-cess to real, affordable health insur-ance and quality health care in Amer-ica. I support this bipartisan legisla-tion. I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  three letters in support of H.R. 372. 
SMALL BUSINESS & E
NTREPRENEURSHIP COUNCIL , Vienna, VA, February 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULA. G OSAR , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE GOSAR : The Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SHE Council) and our nationwide membership of small business owners and entrepreneurs support the ‘‘Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017’’ (H.R. 372). Perhaps more than any other group, small business owners understand the need for increased competi-tion in the health insurance marketplace. In-deed, it is the actions of entrepreneurs that bring down costs, enhance innovation, and boost quality in a competitive marketplace. H.R. 372 is a common sense and long-overdue step to repeal special-interest exemptions to federal antitrust laws for health insurance companies. These exemptions have existed for more than 70 years, and were initially instituted to help newly formed insurance companies deal with data sharing. Given the dramatic changes in the industry over these past many decades, such special-interest treat-ment is no longer warranted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.017 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2273 March 21, 2017 
Considering the government-imposed dis-tortions within the health care industry as a result of the Affordable Care Act and other regulatory restrictions, full-blown review and reform of health care policies focused on expanding competition, and consumer choice are needed. That includes foundational changes, such as, in the case of H.R. 372, re-moving special-interest treatment that could reduce or retrain competition. In order to bring down health insurance costs and utilize the models and technologies of our modern economy to drive value and innovation within this sector, entrepreneurs need a system that allows for such freedom and creativity. Your bill is an important step in bringing down artificial barriers that are preventing much needed innovation and competition. Thank you for your leadership on this important issue. Please let SBE Council know how we can help you advance H.R. 372 into law. Sincerely, K
AREN KERRIGAN , President & CEO. 
AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION®, Washington, DC, February 24, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , Ranking Member, House Committee on the Judi-ciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE AND RANKING  M
EMBER CONYERS : The dental professional organizations listed below, as members of the Organized Dentistry Coalition, are writ-ing to express our strong support of H.R. 372, The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act. H.R. 372 would authorize the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department to enforce the federal antitrust laws against health insurance companies engaged in anti-competitive conduct. It would not interfere with the states’ ability to maintain and en-force their own insurance regulations, anti-trust statues, and consumer protection laws. Because states vary in their enforcement ef-forts, the impact of repeal on health insur-ance companies would differ from state to state. This is no different from the situation faced by other businesses. The bill is narrowly drawn to apply only to the business of health insurance, including dental insurance, and would not affect the business of life insurance, property or cas-ualty insurance, and many similar insurance areas. Passage of H.R. 372 would help interject more competition into the insurance mar-ketplace by authorizing greater federal anti-trust enforcement in instances where state regulators fail to act. When competition is not robust, consumers are more likely to face higher prices and less likely to and less likely to benefit from innovation and variety in the marketplace. On behalf of our member dentists and their patients, we urge you to cosponsor H.R. 372, The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act. Please contact Ms. Midi Walker with any questions. Sincerely, American Dental Association; Academy of General Dentistry; American Acad-emy of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathol-ogy; American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry; American Association of Endodontists; American Association of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons; Amer-ican Association of Women Dentists; American Society of Dentist Anesthe-siologists. MARCH 21, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned organizations urge your support for H.R. 372, the ‘‘Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017.’’ This bill takes an important step in bringing consumers the benefits of competition under the antitrust laws, in the way health insurance is offered, marketed, and sold. The rules of competition apply to every other part of the health care system, health insurance is an aberration. The antitrust laws are a key to making sure that the free market works for consumers, and the insur-ance industry should not be left out. Congress created this antitrust exemption almost by accident, in the midst of the Sec-ond World War—when attentions were right-ly directed elsewhere—in the wake of a Su-preme Court decision clarifying that the antitrust laws did apply to insurance. It started out to be a temporary three-year breathing spell, to allow insurers to famil-iarize themselves with the antitrust laws and adjust their practices to the accepted rules of competition. Instead, a few poorly- understood words added in conference com-mittee turned the temporary delay into an unintended exemption from those rules. It is long since time to correct that error. Among other experts who have called for doing so, the Antitrust Modernization Com-mission, established in 2002 by legislation au-thored in this Committee, singled out this exemption for particular skepticism as to any justification for it. While we would ulti-mately like to see this antitrust exemption removed for all insurance, focusing on the health insurance industry now is a logical and important positive step to take at this time. We note that the proposed manager’s amendment would preserve the antitrust ex-emption in ‘‘safe harbors’’ for four described activities—(1) compilation of historical loss data, (2) development of what is known as a ‘‘loss development factor’’ to fill holes in the historical data, (3) some actuarial services, and (4) some standardization of policy forms. In our view, the most effective way to re-move this exemption is to do so cleanly, without new safe harbors. Further, the kinds of insurance industry activities commonly described as the justification for these par-ticular safe harbors do not raise antitrust issues, as they are described. Nonetheless, we believe these safe harbors, as written, do not significantly risk inadvertently immunizing anticompetitive conduct that would violate the antitrust laws, and therefore that they do not diminish the beneficial purpose and effect of the bill. There is also another set of ‘‘safe harbor’’ antitrust exemptions imbedded in the defini-tion of ‘‘business of health insurance (includ-ing the business of dental insurance)’’ in the new subsection 2(c)(3)(B)(ii)(I) as added by the bill. They include a number of types of benefits referenced in the Internal Revenue Code as ‘‘excepted benefits.’’ While the lead- in to (3)(B)(ii) characterizes these as types of property-casualty insurance, there are three that by their terms in the Internal Revenue Code do not fit within what is considered property-casualty insurance, and that con-sumers would consider to be types of health insurance. Among these are hospital indemnity insur-ance, 26 U.S.C. 9832(c)(3)(B); coverage for a specified disease or illness, 26 U.S.C. 9832(c)(3)(A); and an open-ended ‘‘such other similar, limited benefits as are specified in regulations,’’ 26 U.S.C. 9832(c)(2(C). This last one is found in the same Internal Revenue Code provision that lists dental coverage as an excepted benefit, meaning that the ‘‘simi-lar’’ benefits that could be potentially ex-cluded by regulation—and thereby get an automatic antitrust exemption—could be anything similar to a category such as den-tal coverage—which might be any kind of specified benefit. While there may have been justification for excepting these categories of benefits from federal regulatory requirements such as portability under the Affordable Care Act— which is what 26 U.S.C. 9832(c) is in reference to—that does not mean it makes sense to ex-empt them from the antitrust laws. The bill recognizes this for dental coverage, and ex-plicitly takes the cross-reference to it out of the safe harbor, to ensure that it is covered by the bill. We hope that, as the bill moves forward, the three new antitrust exemptions in the cross references described above will also be removed, so that these types of health-related insurance coverage will like-wise be subject to the antitrust laws. We remain strong supporters of the Afford-able Care Act, which has significantly im-proved the availability and affordability of health care for many millions of Americans, including millions who previously had no health insurance. We would be very con-cerned by any move to repeal the Affordable care Act without having an effective new plan already figured out and in place that maintains comparable coverages and com-parable consumer choices and protections. Such a move would be a grave threat to the financial and health security of American families, and to the very stability of our na-tion’s health care system overall. At the same time, we also strongly support bringing the antitrust laws into play in this important sector of the health care market-place. That marketplace is complex in how it operates and how it motivates providers, in-surers, and consumers. An effective regu-latory framework is needed to shape that complex environment, to help safeguard con-sumers, help keep costs under control, and help make a full range of health care serv-ices available. Our country’s long experience shows you can’t expect a health care system to run effectively on competition alone. But consumers will benefit from also hav-ing effective competition, at all levels in the supply chain. Even the best regulatory framework works better where competition, within the bounds of that framework, gives businesses a market-driven incentive to want to improve service while holding down prices and providing better value. Regulation and competition both work best when they can work hand in hand. As the health care marketplace evolves, having the antitrust laws apply will give health insurers competition-based incentives to improve the way they provide coverage to consumers, with higher quality, better choice, and more affordability. Better com-petition will help bring insurer incentives better in line with benefiting consumers. As the Justice Department has explained, where there is effective competition, coupled with transparency, in a consumer-friendly regulatory framework, insurers will be spurred to compete against each other by of-fering plans with lower premiums, reducing copayments, lowering or eliminating deductibles, lowering annual out-of-pocket maximum costs, managing care, improving drug coverage, offering desirable benefits, and making their provider networks more attractive to potential members. Competition will be beneficial to con-sumers in the health insurance marketplace just as it is everywhere else in our economy. We urge your support for H.R. 372. Respectfully, G
EORGE P. S LOVER , Senior Policy Counsel, Consumers Union. J. R
OBERT HUNTER , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.023 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2274 March 21, 2017 
Director of Insurance, Consumer Federa-tion of America. L
INDA SHERRY , Director of National Priorities, Consumer Action. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 209, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. ROSEN. I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Rosen moves to recommit the bill (H.R. 372) to the Committee on the Judici-ary, with instructions to report the bill back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following: (c) P
ROTECTING AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE 
FOROLDER AMERICANS .—Section 3 of the Act of March 9, 1945 (15 U.S.C. 1013), commonly known as the McCarran-Ferguson Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end of sub-section (c), as added by subsection (a), the following: ‘‘(4) Paragraph (2) shall not apply to an issuer in the business of health insurance (including the business of dental insurance and limited-scope dental benefits) if the issuer varies the premium for any health in-surance by age in a manner so that the pre-mium for an individual who is 55 years of age or older is more than 3 times the premium for an individual who is 21 years of age or younger.’’. 
Ms. ROSEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Nevada? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Nevada is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, last night, in an effort to secure more votes to pass the so- called American Health Care Act, the GOP made another last-minute at-tempt to modify its replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act—a replace-ment that I can only describe as a dis-astrous piece of legislation—by offer-ing a short-term fix to try and regulate the massive rise in premiums that Americans over the age of 50 are ex-pected to incur under their current plan. H.R. 372 is a measure that simply ends health insurance antitrust exemp-tion. What is ironic is that the pro-posed legislation is being messaged by the GOP as a bipartisan bill, a no- brainer. But Republicans have never lifted a finger to end the antitrust ex-emption. For years, Congressman JOHN C
ONYERS and the Democrats have advo-cated ending health insurers’ special treatment. The reality is, while this is an unobjectionable bill on its own, H.R. 372 has nothing to do with reversing the extraordinary damage that the GOP plan will unleash on this country. The fact is this will not help us solve the fundamental issues underlying the GOP’s repeal-and-replace bill. Yet, in-stead of fixing what we know is not working under the current law, the GOP has offered this Band-Aid to help mend a bill that needs major surgery. H.R. 372 is simply a complement to help fix our healthcare system, not an alternative. One of the worst aspects of the GOP’s repeal is the fact that it implements an age tax. Americans over the age of 50 will be forced to pay up to five times more than what young Americans would pay for coverage. In my district alone, we have roughly 89,000 people be-tween the ages of 50 and 64 who would see their premiums and the cost of their insurance rise significantly. I recently heard from one of my con-stituents within that age bracket. He is a retired firefighter who served our country for 29 years and is now dis-abled. So after many years of service, Ted is worried that if the GOP plan be-comes the new law, he and his wife would be kicked off their insurance plans simply because their insurance would become unaffordable. If this is what the GOP has offered to fix their disastrous repeal, then I am sad to say, my friends, you have missed the mark once again. According to the Congressional Budget Office, if the GOP repeal is enacted, 14 million Americans nationwide will be kicked off their insurance coverage by the end of this year alone. So let me be clear. The problem with the GOP repeal is that as Americans age, they get less and less coverage. We need to protect those Americans who are fast approaching their Medicare-el-igible years but who, for now, are still bearing the heaviest cost of private in-surance. My motion to recommit makes this possible by turning this Band-Aid of a bill into something that actually helps drive down costs for older Americans. It does this by allowing insurance com-panies to take part in the bill’s safe harbor protections only if they charge individuals over 55 less than three times as much as younger Americans. Since insurance companies consider these safe harbors critical for their sur-vival, this will reverse one of the worst parts of the Republican health plan, al-lowing insurance companies to charge older Americans five times or even more for health insurance. I call on my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to show that they aren’t tone deaf and that they haven’t lost touch with the needs and wants of their constituents, and I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of the motion to recommit so that we can protect our seniors and the most vulnerable of Americans among us. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the McCarran-Ferguson Act was originally passed to leave the regulation of the business of insurance with the States and to allow insurers to engage in cer-tain procompetitive collaborative ac-tivities. This legislation limits significant un-certainty and unnecessary litigation that would likely result from a broader McCarran-Ferguson repeal through the use of safe harbors for such historically procompetitive collaborative activi-ties, specifically the collection and dis-tribution of historical loss data, the de-termination of loss development fac-tors, the performance of actuarial serv-ices that do not involve restraints of trade, and the use of common forms that are not coercive. Absent these safeguards, insurers will likely disengage from certain proconsumer collaborative activities, eliminating or impeding smaller insur-ers from competing and disincentivizing larger insurers from exploring new products and markets. This will lead to further market con-solidation and fewer product choices, the impact of which will eventually be borne by the consumer. These narrow safe harbors create a presumption that certain procom-petitive activities can continue while maintaining regulation and oversight to the extent any activity crosses over into a restraint of trade. As a result, insurers can continue to engage in proconsumer business practices, and will be encouraged to provide a diverse range of offerings at fair and reason-able prices. There is no reason to make an excep-tion to these safe harbors. Therefore, I oppose the motion. I urge my col-leagues to reject this motion to recom-mit and to support the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.024 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2275 March 21, 2017 
Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 31 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1612 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) at 4 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 179. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 186, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 180] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.066 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2276 March 21, 2017 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—10 
Bridenstine Deutch Gaetz Marchant Payne Rush Sinema Slaughter Tsongas Yarmuth 
b1645 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GAETZ. Madam Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 180. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES REGARDING AMEND-MENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 1215, PROTECTING ACCESS TO CARE ACT OF 2017, AND H.R. 1304, SELF- INSURANCE PROTECTION ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, the Rules Committee will be issuing an-nouncements outlining the amendment processes for two measures that will likely be before the Rules Committee next week. An amendment deadline has been set for Monday, March 27, at 10 a.m., for H.R. 1215, the Protecting Access to Care Act of 2017; and H.R. 1304, the Self-Insurance Protection Act. The text of these measures will be available on the Rules Committee website upon this announcement. Please feel free to contact me or my staff if you have any questions. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SESSIONS. I yield to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I appreciate the gentleman informing us about next week, but I am concerned about this week still. Can the gentleman inform me wheth-er or not we will have a CBO score on the healthcare repeal bill that we are going to be taking up in the Rules Committee tomorrow? Mr. SESSIONS. I appreciate the gen-tleman asking this question. As the gentleman has previously asked at the Rules Committee, I ad-vised the gentleman that tomorrow, at 10 a.m., the Rules Committee will be convening for the purpose of amend-ment and discussion of the text that will come, and it would be my belief that that would be available in the evening hour, as I assume we will still be in. Mr. MCGOVERN. Will we have a CBO score before the Rules Committee meets? Mr. SESSIONS. It is my belief that I will have one. The gentleman does understand that the CBO, in order to get it correctly processed, we have not pushed them. They have advised us they would an-ticipate having a score, they believe, tomorrow evening. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I thank the gen-tleman. But as I said in the Rules Committee, I just think, under regular order, we ought to have the score and know how many people will lose their health in-surance before we consider it in the Rules Committee. 
f 
QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECU-RITY REVIEW TECHNICAL COR-RECTIONS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1297) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical corrections to the requirement that the Secretary of Homeland Security submit quadrennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 181] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.022 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2277 March 21, 2017 
Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brown (MD) Deutch Hudson Marchant Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Rush Sinema Slaughter Tsongas Yarmuth 
b1655 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call no. 181, I was unavoidably detained to cast my vote in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL AGRICULTURE DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 44th an-niversary of National Agriculture Day, which is celebrated in classrooms and communities across the country. This year’s theme is ‘‘Agriculture: Food for Life.’’ Today marks a nationwide effort to tell the true story of American agri-culture and remind citizens that agri-culture is a part of all of us. The Na-tional Ag Day program encourages every American to understand how food and fiber products are produced; appreciate the role agriculture plays in providing safe, abundant, and afford-able products; value the essential role of agriculture in maintaining a strong economy; and acknowledge and con-sider career opportunities in the agri-culture, food, and fiber industry. America’s next wave of agriculture leaders are also in Washington today: members of the National FFA Organi-zation, 4–H, Agriculture of America, and MANRRS. Their advocacy and leadership is critical to the future of agriculture. Mr. Speaker, our farmers feed and ag-riculture plays a critical role in mod-ern society. I would like to thank all Americans who work in this essential industry. Happy Ag Day. f 
b1700 REPEAL OF THE ACA (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, ex-actly 7 years after the Affordable Care Act became law, we now anticipate a vote this week on a Republican plan to gut it. Mr. Speaker, the ACA expanded health coverage to 20 million people and expanded Medicaid to help our most vulnerable populations, changes that resulted in coverage for more than 100,000 Rhode Islanders. Last week, I joined Democratic col-leagues at a hearing to discuss the Re-publican plan, a hearing Republicans should have organized to assess the im-pact of their bill, which CBO estimates will result in 14 million additional un-insured by 2018 and 24 million people losing their health insurance by 2026. Mr. Speaker, the Republican plan is not the solution to strengthen our health system. It ignores the sick, the poor, the disabled, and the elderly. Mr. Speaker, Americans cannot benefit from the systemic changes in care de-livery, the breakthrough treatments of tomorrow, or improved access to to-day’s therapies if the Republican plan is passed. Mr. Speaker, we should be working in a bipartisan way to improve the Af-fordable Care Act, not gutting it. 
f 
TAKING THE INNOCENCE OF A CHILD IS SHAMEFUL (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a 14- year-old girl last week was kidnapped off the streets of Houston, Texas. After being held against her will for 5 days, she was taken to a motel, where she met a person named Denise Coronado. But Coronado was no friend. Instead, she threatened the girl. Coronado ground cigarettes into the girl’s body. She threatened everyone that the child loved. She published photographs of the girl on backpage.com, selling her on the marketplace of sex slavery. In a 1-week period, the young girl was forced to have sex with more than 20 men. Finally she escaped. But, Mr. Speaker, the reality is that the victim sometimes never truly es-capes. The horrors sometimes live with them forever. We can no longer be ig-norant to modern day slavery. My leg-islation, the Shame Act, gives Federal judges the ability to publish the names and photographs of convicted buyers and sellers of humans. Those who sell or buy the innocence of children should be shamed for all to see. Put their photographs on backpage.com. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.029 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2278 March 21, 2017 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
NATIONAL VITILIGO AWARENESS DAY (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to introduce a bipartisan reso-lution which designates October 17 as National Vitiligo Awareness Day. Vitiligo is a chronic medical condi-tion resulting in the loss of skin pig-mentation. Studies show that about 50 million people worldwide are diagnosed with vitiligo. In the United States, around 2 to 5 million individuals are af-fected. Michael Jackson had it. The American Academy of Derma-tology refers to vitiligo as a life-alter-ing disorder that can result in low self- esteem, anxiety, and depression. Chil-dren with vitiligo are especially vul-nerable to being bullied because of their looks. They have a harder time making friends and are more likely to perform poorly at school. We have the power to change this. By naming Octo-ber 17, 2017, as National Vitiligo Aware-ness Day, we highlight the importance of providing support to individuals di-agnosed with vitiligo in an effort to improve their quality of life. 
f 
PUTTING LIVES AT RISK WITH REPEAL (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today gravely concerned for the lives put at risk by the Republicans’ repeal scheme. Trump has flip-flopped on his promises to the American people. I recently heard from a person named Nancy who lives in my district. Nancy said: I am not asking for a handout. I have been a gainfully employed tax-payer for close to 40 years. Nancy was able to pursue her dream of opening her own small business be-cause she could finally afford her own health care. This bill breaks Trump’s promise to Nancy and to millions of Americans. It does not lower deductibles or drug prices, and it doesn’t provide better coverage. Instead, they are purpose-fully taking away the health insurance from 24 million Americans by cutting $170 billion from Medicare and $880 bil-lion from Medicaid. Why are they doing this? Simply to give a $600 billion tax cut to millionaires. Let me be very clear. This bill hurts kids, women, families, working people, the disabled, and sen-iors. 
f 
THE INTEGRATED NATURE OF THE U.S.-CANADA RELATIONSHIP (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to illustrate the importance of the U.S.-Canada relationship, one that is based on shared values, shared hopes, and shared dreams. The United States and Canada have established strong partnerships to provide leadership on climate change, clean energy, and the environment. The United States and Canada share deeply connected economies and enjoy the largest bilateral trade and invest-ment relationship in the United States. We trade an average of $1.3 million in goods and services. Nearly 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade with Canada. In my State of Michigan, over 250,000 jobs depend on the U.S.-Canada trade and investment, making Canada the number one customer for the State of Michigan. Our two countries share the common goal of creating jobs and protecting workers. I am proud to call Canada a friend, ally, and partner. f 
CONGRATULATING CCDD ON 51 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Centro Cultural y Deportivo Dominicano de New York. The story of Club Deportivo began 51 years ago in the New York City neigh-borhood of Washington Heights, where a group of Dominican immigrants bonded over weekly games of the clas-sic board game dominoes and a shared desire to maintain their cultural roots. Over time, this proud group, inspired by the founding fathers of the Domini-can Republic—Juan Pablo Duarte, Francisco del Rosario Sanchez, and Ramon Matias Mella—made the deci-sion to formalize itself in order to pro-tect their own identity and cultural heritage. They officially incorporated on March 23, 1966. As the years passed, what initially began as a way for friends new and old to stay in touch through the power of sports blossomed into what is now in-stitutionally and athletically one of the most important centers of Domini-can Americans and their friends in the 13th Congressional District. Over the past 50 years, they have hosted numer-ous recreational sports tournaments and have played an integral role in for-mation of many other civic, cultural, and social organizations. Club Deportivo also provides its members with many vital forms of community service: ESL, citizenship classes for immigrants, folklore class-es, music and arts classes for young and adults. Additionally, the group provides hot meals for the homeless each Thanksgiving and carries out fre-quent medical fairs. Mr. Speaker, we are joined today by several members of the Club Deportivo Dominicano. They are celebrating their 51st anniversary. Santiago Cruz, Felix Grant, Jose Monta, Carlos Leerdam, and Jose Rodriguez are here to celebrate. f 
THE LATEST INCARNATION OF TRUMPCARE (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, late last night, in a callous betrayal of the very people who elected them, Republicans hatched up the latest plan to deprive more than 24 million Americans of their health care. Let me say that again. 24 million people. In fact, per-haps more because we have yet to re-ceive the CBO estimates on this latest plan. This incarnation of TrumpCare would freeze Medicaid expansion in its tracks on top of the $880 billion cut that was already in the bill. In my home State of Washington, this plan would put in jeopardy 600,000 people assisted by Med-icaid expansion, people who have gained access to critical treatments for substance abuse, diabetes, and cancer screenings. Dominic in Seattle has a son who, along with many others who suffer from asthma and other respiratory dis-eases, will not be able to afford his in-haler anymore. Nursing homes will shut down and throw thousands of grandparents out with no help. New so- called work requirements will add even more obstacles to healthcare coverage for our most vulnerable. TrumpCare will strip coverage from 24 million. It is past time for my col-leagues to reject this pay even more for even less plan. 
f 
HISTORIC PARALLELS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has been an interesting couple of days. We heard from our President, and that was a great privilege this morning to hear from him at our Conference. We were reminded what an amazing victory President Trump had last November. Some said it was so very historic, maybe as historic going back clear to Andrew Jackson’s victory in 1828. That took me back, being a lover of history, being convinced over the years, as I majored in history in col-lege because I knew out of the Army 4 years, when I finished that, I figured I would major in what I loved, and that was history. Although my mother thought I should have majored in math or either been a doctor or a college math professor. But history I loved, and I continue to learn from history. The old adage is those who refuse to learn from history are destined to repeat it. The corollary that is not as well known is those who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.074 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2279 March 21, 2017 
do learn from history will find new ways to screw up. But the 1828 election that saw An-drew Jackson become our President ac-tually happened after four abysmal years, some would say the least pro-ductive 4 years any President has ever had, and it was actually a President who was a hero of mine, John Quincy Adams. He was the first son of a former President to be President. Some have said he was probably the best educated President we have ever had, having been educated at the best Massachu-setts had, England had, and France had. He wrote books in German, flu-ently spoke French. Of course, if he had had his way, he would have been married to an Amer-ican, but when his mother, Abigail, was not too pleased with the girl he thought was the love of his life, he ended up being directed to England where he ended up falling in love with Louisa, and she ultimately became his wife; but apparently his mother didn’t think she was quite fit. Louisa became the first—used to be able to say the only—First Lady the country has ever had who was not born in the United States. Like I say, if he had had his choice—first choice—then his wife would have been born in the United States. But that is the way things fall. He loved his wife dearly. He was quite accomplished. He kept the most complete journal of anybody we have ever had who was President. He knew slavery was wrong. He knew slavery was destroying our country, that we could never reach the potential that God had for this country unless we eliminated slavery. He had cor-responded to England with a guy by the name of William Wilberforce, who had dedicated his adult life since his twenties to eliminating slavery in the British Isles and British territories. b1715 He ran for President in 1824. No one won with the electoral votes. It was thrown to the House of Representa-tives. John Quincy Adams garnered the favor of Henry Clay in the House. And when Clay threw his support behind John Quincy Adams, Adams then won the Presidency. Adams had some friends who were very close to him. They knew his heart, they knew his heart was pure, and his intentions were clearly nothing but the very best for the United States. They knew him to be a man of honor, a man of integrity, a man of his word. He had not made any kind of deal with Henry Clay to make him Secretary of State. But as a man of honor, a man of integrity, he could not understand why he couldn’t go ahead, and why he shouldn’t go ahead, and appoint Henry Clay to be Secretary of State. His closest friend said: John, if you appoint Henry Clay to be Secretary of State, you will never, ever be able to convince anybody in Congress—the House or Senate—you will never con-vince anybody in Washington but your closest friends, those of us that really love you, you will never convince the rest of the world or posterity that you had not cut a deal with Henry Clay that in return for his support for you being President, you would make him Secretary of State. Please, appoint him to anything, but not Secretary of State. It is going to look like you made a deal and bought the Presidency with the appointment. But there were those who did not love John Quincy Adams, didn’t have that much respect for him, and would have been fine if he had not won the election, but he had won the election. And those who didn’t care about John Quincy Adams encouraged him: Sure, appoint Henry Clay, it is your choice. You appoint whoever you want. Those who loved John said: John, it is not a good idea. People are going to brand you improperly. We know you are honest. Those are not really your friends that are telling you to just ap-point Henry Clay to be Secretary of State. Go ahead. He didn’t listen to the closest friends who loved him and cared about him. He listened to those who didn’t care if he succeeded or failed. So he appointed Henry Clay to be Secretary of State. Some historians would say he had the least productive 4 years of any President in history. It is always argu-able. But there were clearly times throughout his 4 years as President when he backed bills and pushed bills that would have been good for the United States and that should have had the support of both the House and Sen-ate when they couldn’t get passed sim-ply because people thought he had bought the office with the appointment of Henry Clay to Secretary of State. And so they went against anything and everything that John Quincy Adams tried to support thereafter. That may seem kind of a strange story to pull out from history, except I was reminded of it as I thought about today, and I thought about some folks who even in October, they didn’t care about Donald Trump getting elected President, they didn’t really support him at that point, so they encouraged him: You go ahead and let’s do this bill that we are bringing to the floor and just never mind the fact that prices will not come down, unless you want to say 10 percent over 3 years, maybe 10 percent. After the prices will probably con-tinue to go up after those same 3 years, we may be able to cut 10 percent off at some point. Why? Because we are not stripping the regulation, the regu-latory authority, out of ObamaCare. We are only repealing part of it. And we are leaving almost all of the part that has driven costs through the roof. It has driven the price of health insur-ance through the roof. It has blown the deductibles so high that so many of my constituents and friends know they will never have enough cash to pay for the deductible to even get to a claim that the insurance company would pay. And I just know that when the prices of health insurance don’t come down over the next few years, people are going to say President Trump broke his promise to repeal ObamaCare. He only got part of it, but the monopolies that had begun to grow in the health insurance market grew bigger and fat-ter. And a man who wanted to do an honorable thing for America and get rid of ObamaCare—that it cost people their insurance, their doctor, their medicine, that it caused so much suf-fering and heartache as people struggle with their healthcare bills—he prom-ised he would get rid of it, he wanted to deliver on his promise, and he has been told by people who weren’t really sure if they cared if he won or lost that: Gee, just pass this, this will be great. Just pass anything. Pass something. We will call it a victory and move on. But these are the times when it is very important to take an assessment of those who want to see you succeed and those who really don’t care. There are those who have felt on the Repub-lican side that if Donald Trump was de-feated, that would be the end of the Tea Party movement, that would be the end of any type of populism rising up against the runaway socialism, the runaway assault on religious freedom, the Second Amendment. The American public rose up, and this is our first chance to really deliver on our promises. I hope that the votes are not all there yet so that we can reach an agreement so that we can in-clude in the bill that comes to the floor, not an amendment we vote on so that it can be voted down, but actually included in the bill so that we take out at least the big hunk of what has caused health insurance prices to sky-rocket. And if we can do that, we can have a win this week, one that we can all feel good about on our side of the aisle, and even my friends on the other side of the aisle. If we do the right thing and make sure that we take action that ac-tually legitimately brings down health insurance costs, then my friends on the other side of the aisle will hear good reports of joyful remarks with grati-tude that insurance prices have come down, we can now afford it, our deduct-ible is lower, we are building a health savings account, it is great. There are some good things that can come out of the votes this week. But if people take advice from those who are not as concerned with their total suc-cess, then this could be the start of a Presidency that was as unpleasant as John Quincy Adams’ Presidency, which ended up leading to the inevitable re-sult of his defeat in 1828 to Andrew Jackson. I hope we keep our promise. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.076 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2280 March 21, 2017 
BRINGING DOWN THE COST OF HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Speaker for this opportunity to continue the discussion. My col-league from Texas really left here a moment ago with a plea about bringing down the cost of health care in Amer-ica. Actually, it was the cost of pre-miums in America. That is a plea that I think all 435 of us would echo. It would certainly be our goal, as rep-resentatives of the American people, to find some way to accomplish that, some way to bring down the cost of premiums. I would like just to make a point right at the outset. When discussing health care, there are really two con-nected, but very separate, parts to the healthcare system. One part is the delivery of medical services. These are the doctors, some of whom are in organizations of doctors of various specialties. Some are in large practices, such as the Kaiser practice. Some are in hospitals disconnected from doctors. But there is just a pleth-ora of different ways in which medical services are delivered. That is the de-livery of medical services. That is one part of it. The other part of the healthcare sys-tem in America, and really anywhere in the world, is the collection of money to pay for the services. Now, in the United States, we have many different ways to collect the money. One of them is through taxes. And this is how we pay for Medicare and Medicaid, what we call MediCal in California. We pay for the veterans’ medical services through the collection of taxes, chil-dren’s health services, and some other programs that are much smaller. So that is one way in which we collect the money to pay for services. You might call those single-payer taxpayer serv-ices, taxpayers’ money being spent on services delivered by that whole range of providers, some of which happen to be government providers, for example, the Veterans Administration and mili-tary medical services. Now, the other way in which we col-lect money to pay for services are pre-miums, health insurance premiums that are charged by health insurance companies. The largest single part of that is from corporations, businesses, that buy health insurance and pay the premiums. And the others are individ-uals, and this is the individual insur-ance market. There are some small group markets out there, also. But these two systems, we need to under-stand that they are different. They are connected, obviously. Now, if we are going to deal with the cost of premiums, you have to go over and deal with the cost of health care, because the health care drives the pre-miums and also drives the amount of money that we need to raise to pay for the services that are provided by the various governmental programs. Now, in the Affordable Care Act, which is now some 7 years old Thurs-day of this week, the seventh anniver-sary of the passage of the Affordable Care Act, there are some very powerful mechanisms to reduce the cost of health care—doctors, hospitals, and the rest. Some of these are electronic med-ical records so that there is a con-tinuity of knowledge as to what hap-pened, what was provided, what serv-ices were provided to the individual. b1730 Another one happens to be a penalty assessed on hospitals for hospital re-admissions on hospital-acquired infec-tions—profound in driving down the cost; also extremely important for in-dividuals because hospital infection rates dramatically dropped. There are also ways in which we pay for the services. It is very clear that the utilization of fee-for-service drove up the cost. Anyway, as we go through this dis-cussion today on the Affordable Care Act, and I see I am being joined by my colleagues here, I just want us to keep in mind that in order to deal with the cost of premiums, you have got to deal with the cost of services that are pro-vided. Now, in the Affordable Care Act, we actually saw, over the last 5 years as the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, went into effect, a decrease in the rate of increase. We haven’t seen a decrease in the cost of medical services, but what we have seen is that the inflation rate has significantly reduced, so much so that the financial security of the Medicare program, which is the single biggest expenditure, has been extended by some 11 years because the inflation rate has declined—not decreased, but the rate of inflation has declined al-most 50 percent from what it was be-fore the Affordable Care Act. That is a direct result of the many reforms that went into the way in which medical services were delivered. That allowed for a lower inflation rate for premiums and an extension of the financial viability of Medicare and other medical programs. Now, unfortunately, we are now faced with a repeal or a partial repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and the promise has been made by my Republican col-leagues that somehow this will reduce the premiums. Well, that is inter-esting. Now, exactly how are you going to reduce the premiums unless you are dealing with the cost of medical care? In their reforms, there is—as best I can determine and everybody else—no effective way to reduce the cost of medical services and, in fact, the high probability that the cost of medical services will increase, specifically, be-cause, in their proposed reform, men and women that are 45, 50 to 65 are going to find it virtually impossible to continue to buy insurance. They will drop their insurance. That is part of those 14 million Americans that will lose their insurance next year and part of the 24 million Americans that will not have insurance 9 years from now. That population, before they get to Medicare, when they begin to get ill, 40, 50, 60, they will not be able to afford insurance. It is something like a $12,000 increase in cost to them. It is what is known as the senior tax. Now, that will drive up the cost of medical services. Because they will not be able to have continuity of care, their diabetes, their heart issues, their high blood pressure, and on and on will not be treated. Similarly, in the proposed reform, there is a significant reduction in the number of men and women across this Nation—and we are talking probably in the range of 4 to 6 million in the next 2 years that will not be covered under the Medicaid program. Those people, not having access to continuous med-ical services, will not seek treatment for those illnesses that can be treated effectively or held in abeyance, such as diabetes, heart disease, and the like. That means that the cost of medical care for them will rise. Where will they go to get medical care? Not to worry, say our Republican colleagues. They can go to the emer-gency room. We have been there. We have seen what that means. The expansion of the Medicaid pro-gram is unraveled by the proposed TrumpCare. I am going to come back to this. I would like to ask my colleague from Texas to carry on here, if you would. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am going to take just a moment. This is an excellent presentation. I think our constituents should be aware, and our colleagues, of your enormous knowledge as the former State insurance administrator in Cali-fornia, years of service to the people of California, and we are grateful for that analysis because you are right on the money, if you will, on the disaster or the questioning that comes about through two points: the existing bill, and then now an amendment which has been called meaningless that will be on the floor on Thursday, meaning that this bill has been amended by those who want to make it worse. We sat in the Budget Committee on Thursday with Ranking Member Y
AR-
MUTH most of the day trying to debate these numbers. So I just want to make points about wellness, about some of the criteria that maybe is misrepre-sented as making the insurance prod-uct more expensive. To the Republicans, 10, 20 years ago, the product you had may not have been worth what you paid. In the product we have now, preexisting condition, stay on your parents insurance until you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.078 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2281 March 21, 2017 
are 26, certain criteria that the insur-ance companies must have, by the na-ture of the market, premiums go up to take in the idea that there are ‘‘better benefits.’’ I would argue that those benefits should have been there, but they are better benefits. The other thing is that there was a formula which pushed millennials into the market or into the pool of people and persons that will purchase insur-ance. Now, let me be very clear. I think we have not seen the end of the story. I be-lieve that 10 years, 15 years, the young population will buy insurance. It is an educational curve. And so as they buy insurance, they will create that cush-ion. Now, let me make this other point. Premiums are raised under this Repub-lican bill, really raised, and then there are smoke and mirrors to say, oh, at a certain point it will go down 10 per-cent. But it goes down on the raised amount. If you allow the Affordable Care Act to continue, we have a very large piece of wellness. Talk to your doctors. It is working. Individuals are coming in, taking ad-vantage of the wellness check. So they are not coming in with metastasized cancer, with thyroid conditions. They are not coming in on a stretcher with strokes or a heart attack because they are getting wellness care. When you get wellness care, on the other side of the curve, premiums go down because you get more well people. I want to finish on this point of Med-icaid that we were just debating. Over and over again, it doesn’t seem like there was any understanding that Medicaid is now part of people’s insur-ance. And it is not a situation where I have seen many of my constituents stand on the street corner with a sign, saying, ‘‘Give me Medicaid.’’ You get Medicaid either through the expanded Medicaid. And for our colleagues, that means that you are in a State where your in-surance comes through expanded Med-icaid; or you are a sick and elderly per-son in a nursing home or a disabled person; or you are blind; or you are a pregnant woman; or you are a mother with children; or you are on the chil-dren’s health insurance program, which I was here in 1997 when this miraculous bill came forward and we established the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, which is a Medicaid-based pro-gram that gives millions of children in-surance. But under this bill, all of that will be capped. It will be per capita. So the $880 billion is being cut, my fellow Americans, ladies and gentleman, from your insurance. Then, finally, this bill could not be more cruel. Besides the ailing that are in nursing homes—and I do want to tell one story of an individual who got into the nursing home, Mr. Speaker, be-cause they didn’t have insurance to take their medicine, and it resulted in heart attack and stroke. They are not an old person, but they are totally dis-abled, and they are in the nursing home on Medicaid now. But in the Budget Committee, two amendments came up that I was just stunned. You worked very hard on the opioid legislation. Some of it came out of my committee, Judiciary Com-mittee. Many Members have worked hard on this. They had an amendment saying no able-bodied man or person should get Medicaid. I don’t know what that defi-nition is. Are you an addicted young person, wholly addicted on opioids, that needs medical treatment? Are you an able-bodied person because you have all of your faculties and limbs but you are sick and addicted? And then, don’t incentivize Medicaid. I am trying to find out what that means because all of my hospitals—and I think one of the things the Affordable Care Act has done is to question costs and to work hard to bring costs down in hospital care and to have an ac-countability assessment on that. But to finish, I have not heard my rural hospitals, I have not heard my public hospitals, I have not heard the Texas Medical Center talk about peo-ple being incentivized to get Medicaid. They are sick and they come in for whatever they have. The last point is someone gave an ex-ample that they were able to have a transplant because they were under the Affordable Care Act with expanded Medicaid. So I want to thank the gentleman for raising these very important points, but it baffles me that there is such a skewing of a very successful legisla-tion, very difficult. It was a very dif-ficult piece of legislation. It took years, the Affordable Care Act, and it is doing what it is supposed to do. As we have heard before, you can get more insurance companies. We have to do something with the premiums, and that is fixing or improving. But that is not what we are doing here. We are lit-erally cutting people off of insurance. I will give you the number that I keep using: 2026, 52 million Americans will be uninsured, and that will be our constituents all over the Nation. That is because of the underlying bill, this bill that is coming up now—which there are those who want it to be even worse. I just heard a gentleman say he wants to take away all the mandates. It will be worse on the American peo-ple, and I don’t want to make America sick again. Mr. GARAMENDI. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas, S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE, for her consistent and constant caring for men and women in this Nation that are on the outside, that are not among the wealthy, that are struggling with their families to improve their situation. You are al-ways there. And here you are once again this evening laying out the prob-lems that we are going to see with TrumpCare. Let me just very quickly run through this, and then I would like to turn back to my colleague from Rhode Island, Mr. CICILLINE . The proposal that is on the floor, we could just lay out five very succinct ar-guments on why it doesn’t work. I was going through a rather com-plete explanation of how the healthcare system works because it is kind of a basic understanding, but clearly, under the legislation that is going to be taken up this Thursday, Americans are going to pay more for less. And it is not just a few. The senior citizens in Medicare are going to see a diminution in their bene-fits. We are looking at the 40-to 50- years-olds, which I have already dis-cussed. We are looking at other indi-viduals. Pay more for less, we are looking, over the next 9 years, that 24 million Americans will lose their insurance or their opportunity to get insurance. And just this next year, just 18 months from now—excuse me, not 18 months from now. Nine months from now, we are going to see 14 million people begin to lose their insurance. I talked earlier about this age tax, which speaks to those people that are 50 to 65 years of age. They are, under this legislation, going to pay up to five times more than someone who is be-tween 20 and 30 years of age. b1745 Present law says they can be charged no more than three times what a 20- to 30-year-old pays, and so this is what is known as an age tax. It simply shifts the cost to those 40-, 50-, 60-year-old people who happen to be the most ex-pensive. And I talked about the $12,000 that they will have to pay in addition to that. It guts Medicaid. We call it Medi-Cal in California and Medicaid across the Nation. The expansion of Medicaid was an extraordinarily important event that provided insurance not only to men and women who had no income, but to 85 percent of the people on Med-icaid across this Nation who are elder-ly, in nursing homes, or elderly poor, unable to provide sufficient income from just their Social Security—those are called the dual eligible—or chil-dren. Now, in the Affordable Care Act, there was what was known as Medicaid expansion; and those are the working men and women, families, who have less than 138 percent of the poverty rate. So those are the low-income working men and women who are able to get Medicaid, or Medi-Cal insurance in California. It simply guts it in a va-riety of ways, which we will come back and discuss a little later. You can bet and you can count on there being less support for the elderly that are in nursing homes. There will be less support for the young families; the single-mother families who are struggling to get along, probably going to school, trying to learn skills; and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.079 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2282 March 21, 2017 
the working families who are at $10 an hour minimum wage. Finally, this is the one that ought to drive Americans right off the rails. This is a whopping $270 billion tax re-duction for the top 1 percent of Ameri-cans. It is for 400 families in America, the richest 400, four of which are in the current Trump administration, includ-ing the President himself. They will see a $7 million a year decrease in their taxes. Now, that is great. I am sure the President will enjoy that $7 million tax reduction, along with the $3 million or $4 million he is getting from the tax-payers every year so he can go to his home in Florida. This is obscene. This is obscene be-cause the way in which this thing works, working men and women and families across America at every in-come level are going to get less. They are going to pay for more, and yet the superwealthy in America are going to get a whopping tax reduction. This is the income distribution that we should never have, to take from the poor, to take from the middle class, and give to the superwealthy. I will come back and discuss this. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for leading this Special Order hour where we can really talk about the impact of what is about to happen if the Republicans get their way and pass TrumpCare. I think it is important to recognize that this proposal that is currently be-fore the House will substantially hurt the American people, beginning with, as your chart demonstrates, the loss of coverage, when fully implemented, for 24 million Americans who will no longer have access to affordable health care and will be uninsured by 2026. Those are our friends, our neighbors, our family members who no longer will have health coverage. In addition, it provides an enormous tax break for the wealthiest people in this country. In fact, the total value of these tax breaks over the decade is $600 billion to the richest individuals and the biggest corporations. It is the larg-est transfer of wealth for working fam-ilies to the very rich in our Nation’s history. To accommodate this tax break, to give this huge tax benefit to the rich-est Americans and the largest corpora-tions, they achieve this by stealing health care from millions of families all across this country and by cutting billions of dollars from Medicaid and Medicare. As the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) said, the 400 richest families will each enjoy a $7 million tax cut; and the way they paid for that is they take away health care from millions of Americans. There is also the impact on our econ-omy. There is a new analysis from the Center for American Progress, and they conclude that TrumpCare will de-stroy 1.8 million jobs. We are all focused on: How do we get people back to work? How do we create good-paying jobs? This is a job killer. TrumpCare will cost 1.8 million jobs, a loss of an ability to provide for yourself, for your family, and for your future. As you said, people will be paying more money for less quality care. Deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses will skyrocket, leaving sick people un-able to afford the care they need. Particularly, as you mentioned, there will be an age tax because older Americans will pay more. Their pre-miums will go up at an even faster pace because they are allowed to charge even more based on their age. Young people are also hurt. Young people are hit with a millennial tax. They put a 30 percent premium sur-charge on those reenrolling after a lapse in coverage, which is often the case, particularly with young people where people may have lost a job and be out of work. So they are going to be penalized with a 30 percent premium. The impact of the Republican pro-posal, this TrumpCare proposal, on women is devastating. In addition to new restrictions on comprehensive health care for women, this Republican bill, TrumpCare, defunds Planned Par-enthood and will make it much more difficult for women to access essential preventative care and affordable con-traception. As I mentioned, the middle-aged American—the age tax—will pay more. For example, a 64-year-old individual with an income of $26,000 in the indi-vidual market will pay $12,900 more in their premiums each year. That is al-most half their income under the Re-publican plan. So it is going to really get those who are above 55 but haven’t yet hit the age to receive Medicare es-pecially hard. Also, TrumpCare hurts our seniors by weakening Medicaid and Medicare. It shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years. It steals $880 billion from Medicaid, which, as you men-tioned, is the principal source of long- term care for seniors. Also, it does damage to the protec-tion for people who have preexisting conditions, because someone who has a lapse in coverage will be subjected to a 30 percent premium on top of their base premium. So there is another penalty for people who have preexisting condi-tions. If you take all of this together, it is worse coverage, worse care, higher costs, huge tax cut for the richest peo-ple in this country—for drug compa-nies, for insurance companies, CEOs. To pay for their tax cut, we take away insurance from the most vulnerable and working people in this country. We have all received both emails and phone calls and had conversations with those whom we have the privilege of representing, and they have shared with us these heart-wrenching stories of what it would mean to lose their health care. In my State, I am proud to say that, with the implementation of the Afford-able Care Act, ObamaCare, we have the highest rate of coverage that we have ever had in our State’s history. Ninety- seven percent of Rhode Islanders have access to quality, affordable health care. It is great. It makes a difference in the lives and quality of the lives of everyone. I want to share with the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) an email that I got from a constituent, just recently, from Lincoln, Rhode Is-land. Brenda said: 
If all goes well, I am literally going into surgery for hip replacement on March 16 of this year. Though hip replacement is seen as elective, the pain I deal with now interferes with my quality of life. Without it, I will end up in a wheelchair in a few years once I can’t handle the persistent pain. Without the ACA, I would not be able to have this operation. I do not own a home for collateral and have a 19-year-old car. I work full-time in a hotel for $12 an hour. I have not had a raise in 4 years. We have no bene-fits at all, including health care. We have no paid time off at all for sick days, personal days, or vacation. I am not confident enough to move to an-other job with my current physical limita-tions, which have reached a point where it interferes with every activity, including sleeping. My doctors, who are aware that I get my medical through the ACA, have been helpful and diligent about getting me in soon, know-ing there is a major threat for those whose only way for medical coverage is through the ACA. My condition may not be life-threat-ening, but left untreated, it would limit where I can live, if and where I can work, and, most likely, leave me on permanent dis-ability or Social Security, which most peo-ple can’t live on. I am only 52. I still have several func-tional, productive years ahead of me, and I receive a subsidy to help make my coverage affordable. 
Brenda is just one example of some-one whose life is literally being pre-served. Her quality of life is being pro-tected because she has access to health care. She can have the surgery she needs. She can eliminate the pain she is suffering and lead a productive life. There are millions and millions of Americans who have the same kinds of stories, who have benefited from the Affordable Care Act, who will be deeply harmed when that insurance is ripped away if Republicans get their way and pass TrumpCare. I want to end by just saying thank you again to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) and to also mention that he referenced, in his re-marks, the process that has produced this very, very troubling piece of legis-lation, unlike the process that pro-duced the Affordable Care Act that oc-curred over many, many months and many hearings, where 121 Republican amendments were accepted into the bill and it still didn’t earn a single Re-publican vote. Yet, through TrumpCare, over 100 Democratic amendments were offered in three com-mittees of jurisdiction and not a single Democratic amendment was accepted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.081 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2283 March 21, 2017 
So even efforts to try to improve a terrible bill were rejected in the com-mittee process, and that is because they are intent on making sure they deliver this big tax cut to the special interests who sent them here to Wash-ington, and they are going to try to do it on the backs of the hardworking peo-ple of this country. We have to con-tinue to stand up and fight and do ev-erything we can to prevent it from hap-pening. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there is no better fighter than the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) in the representation that he gives to the people of Rhode Island and beyond. The gentleman couldn’t be more accurate about all that he said. I was listening carefully to the story the gentleman from Rhode Island told of the individual who wrote him an email. I, too, have received many, many emails. I was thinking, as he was describing the situation, of a woman who runs her own small farm near Marysville, Cali-fornia, in my district. For years, she could not afford insurance. She had a small orchard farm. She couldn’t afford insurance. When she got sick, she went to the emergency room. She was able to get along. But she knew that, as she approached 50 years of age, she would be facing a bad medical situation, and she did. She had cancer. She couldn’t get a policy prior to the Affordable Care Act be-cause she had a preexisting condition: she had cancer. Emergency rooms are not treating that. She wasn’t able to get on a program, and she was going to die. About that time, we established, in California, a covered California pro-gram that is an exchange based upon the Affordable Care Act. She, because of her income, was able to get a com-prehensive insurance policy and a sub-sidy for her premium. She then had quality insurance, and she was able to get the cancer treatment because her insurance had no preexisting condi-tions and she was able to afford it. She had to pay a little bit, but she had a subsidy that made up the difference. She is now looking at a situation, be-cause she is in that age 50 to 65, where she will not be able to afford a $12,000- or $14,000-a-year premium because the subsidies were taken out and because of this age tax, the 1-to-5 ratio rather than the 1-to-3 ratio. It is horrific. She knows what she is facing. She is facing the loss of her insurance and, quite possibly, the loss of her life. This is wrong. This is wrong. I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for joining us tonight. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, there are so many people that I have heard from in my own district, and I know colleagues have heard the same thing when we talk about these numbers: 24 million people will lose their insurance and billions of dollars in tax breaks for the richest people in this country. Be-hind every one of these numbers is a real person whose life will be destroyed or devastated because they don’t have access to quality, affordable health care. This is the richest, most powerful country in the world. We are well on the way to having a system in which everyone can afford and have access to quality, affordable health care. We made huge progress in the Affordable Care Act. It is not perfect. We have al-ways been willing to say: How do we make it better? How do we build on the success of it? The notion, in the midst of this progress, that we would deprive or pass a piece of legislation, this TrumpCare, that will take away insurance from 24 million people, that will raise pre-miums, raise out-of-pocket costs, un-dermine Medicaid and Medicare, and also give a big tax cut to the richest people in this country is just so wrong. b1800 I just think it is very important, as we speak about this, to remember, be-hind every one of these numbers is a story of a real person, a real family, just like the woman you described, just like Brenda in Lincoln, Rhode Island, whose lives are going to be really hurt and who are going to face devastating consequences because they don’t have access to basic quality health care, which is a right in this country every American should have access to. This sets us back so far it is difficult to imagine what our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are thinking. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I see that my colleague from the great State of Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) has arrived. Often we have shared time on the floor. Ms. K
APTUR , if you would care to share with us your thoughts on the Afford-able Care Act as it exists. I know in your area it is a very important at-tribute in an area that has been known as the Rust Belt, and the effect of TrumpCare, RyanCare, on your citi-zens. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman so very much for taking the time, after formal votes have occurred today, to help us enlighten the American people on what is really at stake here. I have to say, President Trump car-ried the State of Ohio by about 450,000 votes out of all the votes that were cast. And there was this slim hope, I think, on behalf of some of the people who voted for him, that though he was a billionaire, that there was perhaps a kind heart that would minister to the people of our country, helping them get more jobs, helping them deal with their everyday challenges, including health care. Unfortunately, this bill is cruel, and it is dangerous. It helps the billionaire class. Why in heaven’s name, of the people that are drafting this bill on the Republican side of the aisle, would they be giving billions and billions and billions of tax giveaways to the wealthiest people in our country; to those that, frankly, if you take away a couple of million, they wouldn’t miss it anyway. You know, when you have that much money, normal life is kind of distant from your world. But what TrumpCare is giving to the rank and file, people are going to have to pay more for less coverage, and mil-lions and millions of people are going to lose their coverage completely. Now, you know, 75 percent of the peo-ple who go bankrupt in this country go bankrupt because of health bills that they can’t pay for. And so when you start tinkering around with people’s health insurance and their coverage, you are playing with wildfire, and that is what is happening on the Republican side of the aisle. Now, it used to be that most Ameri-cans received their health insurance through employment, just like in Ger-many. We had an employment-based health insurance system. I like that system. I like for workers to share in the profits of the companies that they help make money for. But what has been happening over the years, with so much outsourcing that Wall Street is more than happy to finance, right, companies are plucked up from Ohio and put in Mexico, put in China, put in all these other places around the world. People lose their health insurance. They lose every-thing. They are lucky if they can hang on to their houses. Then what happens? What happens to them? Well, if they are lucky, they might get a job that pays a third of what they earned before in a company that doesn’t pay health insurance. Take Walmart, the biggest employer in the country. Go take a look at their employees and what happens. What is happening is the corporations are throwing on to the back of the public sector, the Federal Government, the responsibility to pay for health insur-ance. So all the profits that Walmart makes, it doesn’t benefit the workers there with any health insurance. The companies have ceded their responsi-bility to provide health insurance as a condition of employment, and they have transferred that to, guess what, the taxpayer. So what is going on here is a big shift in responsibility. The Congressional Budget Office, which is nonpartisan, and the head of it is a Republican, I might say, but it is the nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office reports that with TrumpCare, next year alone, 14 million fewer Amer-icans will have health insurance. Some of those currently on the Af-fordable Care will drop off, and I am very worried about the 900,000 Ohioans who were finally able to get insurance, some of whom work for Walmart, some of whom work for small employers who couldn’t afford health insurance, some of them who worked for big corpora-tions that spit them out when they moved and outsourced their jobs, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.082 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2284 March 21, 2017 
they are going to be among these num-bers. We are told by 2020, 21 million people will lose their coverage in the country; 24 million by 2026, and perhaps the total number of uninsured Americans rising to reach 52 million. That is going backwards. In this bill, they expect 70 million people who are currently on Medicaid— all right, guess what? They are in nurs-ing homes. The Republican Party always says they are the pro-life party. Baloney. This is an anti-life bill. This is going to cost illness and death across this coun-try. Here is a story already in my district in Ohio. A man named Joseph is self- employed, and he used to get his insur-ance from his wife’s employer. Thank God she had employer-provided health insurance. She retired, and now the family faced a choice, forced upon them by the Republican leaders in Con-gress and President Trump. They faced the threat of no health coverage, so Joseph heard all this de-bate here. He wasn’t sure what was going to happen to him in this fiscal year of 2017, so his choice was to go on the healthcare exchange and risk los-ing coverage if the Republicans repeal the Affordable Care Act and pull the rug out from under him; or he could opt for the guarantee of 18 months of expensive COBRA insurance. So he opted for the expensive choice of COBRA, which cost him and his family hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of dollars in additional costs per month, and he is putting off a knee replace-ment because of the uncertainty even consideration of this bill is causing. Don’t tell me that this isn’t cruel and dangerous. And this family isn’t the only one in America that is facing that kind of terrible health choice. The TrumpCare proposal in States like Ohio, where we have a lot of rural counties, we are going to have hun-dreds of thousands of people out of work, nurses, long-term care aides. I just had people from Hospice in my office this afternoon, and we were talk-ing about home-health care for Hospice patients versus institutional care, the rising numbers of Vietnam veterans coming into Hospice facilities. Well, guess what? Who is going to pay for all of that in the TrumpCare? These people will be dropped. They will say to the States: well, we will give you a little bit of money, but we will cap the money, you know. And then what happens after 2020? Hey, it is like dropping you out of an airplane with no parachute. Good luck. We can’t do this. This is a death bill. This is a death knell for the American people. We can’t allow the American people to be treated in this manner. So we ought to be repairing and fixing and looking in the windshield, not the rear-view mirror of where we need to take health insurance in this country, but not put so many millions, ten and tens of millions of Americans at risk, and doling out—Congressman G ARAMENDI , maybe you could repeat those num-bers—over $600 billion in tax giveaways to the richest people in this country, many of whom caused the financial crash of 2008. They owe the Republic. They owe the people of this Republic for what they did. I have families in my district still underwater on their mortgages, if they were able to hang on to their homes at all. The wealthy of this country, starting with Wall Street, owe the American people a lot. And all those employers who abandoned their responsibilities and pushed the cost of health insurance on the public sector because they didn’t have the decency to help ensure their own workers, well, shame on you. Shame on you. For all the small businesses that fi-nally got health insurance through this program, thank you for respecting your workers. Thank you for respect-ing the Affordable Care Act. We can do a whole lot better than TrumpCare. And I really feel sorry that this new President, for whom many of the people in Ohio voted, doled up this kind of a flawed piece of legislation that is cruel and, honestly, will result in so many more illnesses across this country, because people worry about health insurance. They worry about the affordability of health insurance. Congressman G
ARAMENDI , thank you so very much for having this Special Order this evening and for inviting me to participate. It has been a great privilege. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gen-tlewoman so very much for joining us. She asked a little bit about the health care. I am going to do this very quick-ly, then I want to turn to my colleague from the State of Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). Under TrumpCare, or Ryan- TrumpCare, as I would like to call it, these huge tax cuts for millions of fam-ilies, let’s just focus on that for a sec-ond. It is the largest shift of wealth from the working men and women of America, poor and up through the mid-dle class, to the wealthiest that has ever occurred in any tax break. The Reagan taxes, you name the taxes, in-cluding the Bush W. taxes, this is the largest single shift of wealth. It is well over $300 billion in the next 9 years. As I have said before, the 400 wealthi-est families, as I said, four of whom are now the President and three in the Trump cabinet, will get over $7 million a year in reductions in their taxes. In addition to that, the top one-tenth of 1 percent will receive over—well, nearly a $200,000 reduction in their taxes. That is the top one-tenth of 1 percent. Beyond that, $300 billion will go to the wealthy. The top 20 percent of Americans will get 75 percent of the tax breaks. The remaining 80 percent of Americans will then share the remain-ing very small percentage. So it is part of this enormous shift of wealth, and this does not take into ac-count the fact that Americans are going to pay a whole lot more for their insurance. So, in addition to the tax cuts, there is also this issue of having higher rates, less benefits going for-ward. So just to repeat again, the top one- tenth of 1 percent will receive nearly $200,000 a year in tax breaks. The top 1 percent will get 57 percent. The top 20 percent get 75 percent of the 300-plus billion dollar tax cut, and everybody else, in this case, the lower 90 percent, will then share in the remaining 43 per-cent. Different ways of looking at these numbers. The fact of the matter is, it is a tax cut that guts the money necessary for Medicare expansion and for the tax subsidies that people count on in order to survive. It is obscene. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Congressman G
ARAMENDI , may I just inject, and I won’t take up much time. But, you know, in this job, you meet everybody. I come from a working class family. We had to work for everything we ever had. I thank the people of my district for allowing me to serve and kind of learn a whole lot more about our country and the world. And one of the things I have learned is that when you are that wealthy, these billionaires, they pur-chase their own doctors, they purchase their own nurses. They have special houses where they put them in on their property. So, you know, it isn’t just the tax cut that goes to the wealthiest among us, but the imbalance between those who have much and those who eke out a liv-ing is growing greater and greater and greater in our society. Now, I think everybody should have good health care. But, honestly, when you can do that, you are not living in the real world that the vast majority of Americans live in. I thank the gen-tleman for allowing me to put that on the R
ECORD . Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gen-tlewoman for bringing us the view from Ohio. Let’s now talk about the view from Arizona. Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , this being your first year in Congress, wel-come. I am delighted to have you join us on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of a young boy who lives in my district named Cameron. Cameron was born with a congenital heart defect, but a success-ful surgery at 5 weeks of age has given him a shot at a vibrant life. He is like most 8-year-olds, fearless, curious, and full of life, but Cameron will live with this for the rest of his life. His parents shared this story with me recently and expressed their concerns, not just about Cameron, but about the children of America who are under this type of a process. They have affordable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.084 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2285 March 21, 2017 
coverage under the Affordable Care Act, despite Cameron’s preexisting con-ditions. But, Mr. Speaker, they are concerned that future coverage will be unaffordable and unattainable as he grows up under the American Health Care Act, also known as TrumpCare. I share these concerns. I cannot sup-port legislation that will drastically raise premiums for families like Cam-eron’s and disproportionately impact rural communities in my district. b1815 It is my hope that, moving forward, Congress can work on a bipartisan so-lution to improve the health and well- being of Americans and their children and protect those who need it most. We cannot continue to play partisan poli-tics with the lives of our constituents, our children, our small businesses, and the people of America. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) so very much. The stories from the gentleman’s constitu-ents echoed across all of our constitu-encies, all across America. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ), who is from the Central Valley. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) very much not only for the focus and the passion that he shows for this very important issue of trying to ensure that we have health care for all Americans, but also for the leadership he has demonstrated over the years. He and I have worked together in Cali-fornia on so many different issues. The Affordable Care Act, as we know, has provided health care for over 20 million Americans. Since its imple-mentation over 6 years ago, the ACA in my district, which is Fresno, Madera, and Merced Counties, located in the San Joaquin Valley, has decreased the uninsured rate from 22 percent to 11 percent. It is cut in half. I have a marvelous, wonderful dis-trict that I take great pride in rep-resenting. It is one of the largest agri-cultural areas in the country. It has significant wealth, but, sadly, it has significant poverty. It is the combina-tion of those two that make it a place where immigrants have come for dec-ades—immigrants past and immigrants present—to make a better life for themselves. Mr. Speaker, 19,000 individuals in my district have received financial assist-ance and have been able to purchase coverage through the Covered Cali-fornia marketplace, and 121,000 individ-uals in my district are now covered by the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid ex-pansion. The cuts that are proposed in this Republican proposal would devastate those individuals not only in my dis-trict, but in Congressman G
ARAMENDI ’s district and throughout the valley. My Republican colleagues, the five of us from Modesto down to Bakersfield, al-most 500,000 people today have insur-ance coverage that did not have it 6 years ago. Let me give you some real examples. Tom lives in Fresno, California. He is 57 years old. In 2015, due to a major heart attack, he had to leave his job of 29 years. Tom’s health insurance, though, did not lapse because, as a re-sult of the Affordable Care Act, he gained affordable health coverage in-surance through the Covered California marketplace. In addition, his family wrote to my office saying that they cannot envision his recovery being a success had it not been for the ACA. Another one of my constituents, John, who lives in Fresno, told my of-fice that without the ACA, he and his wife would not have been able to afford cancer surgery for his wife. She is now cancer-free. And we know how expen-sive that can be. Austin, one of those Americans who volunteered to serve his Nation, a Viet-nam veteran who lives in my district, told my office that his wife was paying $830 a month before the Affordable Care Act. Now she can afford health care at $400 a month—cut in half. Not every story with the ACA is a success story. It is not perfect. There are problems with the act. We should be working on it. I remember, Congressman GARAMENDI , when you were the insur-ance commissioner of California, and one of the areas that you developed a lot of expertise and experience on was how to deal with the insurance indus-try. Certainly there are improvements that can be made. There are small- business owners in my district who say that the ACA raises costs and does not provide enough insurance options for themselves or their employees. So we need to work together to fix the provi-sions in the law that drive up the costs and weaken the insurance market-place. This month, the American Health Care Act was introduced to repeal and replace the ACA by our Republican col-leagues. I do not believe the American Health Care Act is a serious solution to fixing the problems we have in the ACA. The legislation we know would provide less financial help to low-in-come families and seniors whom we both represent. The American Health Care Act would dramatically change the way we finance Medicaid by shift-ing from an open-ended reimbursement system to a person allotment or block grant which will cap the amount of money in California that receive Med-icaid, and that is dramatic and dev-astating. This would force California to choose how to allocate increasingly a smaller number of Medicaid dollars and would decrease the care available to Medicaid beneficiaries which Congressman G
ARAMENDI and I care deeply about. Thousands of individuals in the San Joaquin Valley would be impacted. Additionally, the legislation will not mandate individuals to purchase health insurance. Instead, insurers would be able to attach a 30 percent surcharge— think about that—on individuals who have a lapse in coverage. I don’t think that is going to play well in Peoria or in California. So this will provide a dis-incentive for young and healthy people to buy insurance. It is important to note that in order for the insurance marketplace to work, there needs to be healthy people in the system to help pay for sick people. When the Speaker said that healthy people are sub-sidizing sick people, well, I am not an insurance expert, but isn’t that the way insurance works? Good drivers pay for poor drivers, right? If you don’t have a pool, a balanced pool, it doesn’t work. One last point I want to make: pass-ing the Affordable Care Act, I was here in 2010, and it wasn’t pretty. It took 1 year, dozens of committee hearings in several committees, multiple versions of the bill in the House and the Senate, and various revisions of it. We tried to get the Republicans involved. We tried to get them to participate, and we took amendments that they gave. But at some point, they decided that, no, they were going to go it alone or force us to go it alone. I think they are making the same mistake that possibly we made 6 years ago. I think that is sad because I think the American public wants us to work together. Less than 1 month after introducing their repeal-and-replace bill, which will be before us this week—and, clearly, the replace is still a work in progress— the House is going to pass a bill on a party line vote on Thursday maybe without an updated CBO score. I thought we were going to have trans-parency, the light of day, know what taxpayers are paying, what they are getting, and what they are not getting. I guess not on Thursday. The CBO scores are how Congress and the public analyzes how legislation would impact States and citizens. But we are not working to get that vital information. This last week I hosted a healthcare workshop to hear from all of my hos-pitals, healthcare providers, clinics, doctors, and nurses to ask what they thought of the Affordable Care Act and what we can do to fix the law. What they told me is there are a lot of things we can do to fix the current law to make it better. But they said the healthcare act that is being offered as a repeal and replace is not a solution to providing the much-needed health care we need in the San Joaquin Valley, that we need in California, and that we need in our country. At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, we know that working together is how you get things done. On a bipartisan basis, we can make a difference, but not the way we are going. So I think that the gentleman from California’s efforts and my efforts as we continue to try to urge common sense to prevail is what we need to do. I will, unfortu-nately, not be able to vote for this measure on Thursday because it really 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.086 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2286 March 21, 2017 
is going to negatively impact hundreds and thousands of people in the San Joaquin Valley that will lose their cov-erage as a result of this repeal and re-place. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his passion and his efforts. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) very much for his excellent presentation. The gentleman covered many of the issues. I want to wrap up with just a couple of thoughts. One of my Republican friends came up to me earlier today. He said: I don’t understand. I don’t understand what our team is doing. All we are doing is changing the name and hurting people. I thought about that for a few mo-ments, and, yes, it is Ryan or TrumpCare, but people are going to be hurt all across this Nation. One more story, and I think we will probably wrap up here, and that is of my wife’s hairstylist. She is a young lady, married, private businessowner, trying to get along, and not enough money to buy insurance. The Afford-able Care Act goes into place. She looks at the exchange, and she is able to get comprehensive insurance, mater-nity care, and at an affordable price be-cause of the subsidies that are built into it. She was so happy when she talked to my wife. She said: I have insurance. For the first time in my life, I am able to buy insurance, and I am going to get preg-nant. I am going to have the baby that my husband and I have always wanted because now we have insurance—not just for myself, but for my child and my husband. The next visit, she is asking: They are not going to take it away, are they? They are not going to take it away, are they? Well, yes, for 14 million Americans— next year, 2018, 9 months from now, 14 million Americans will begin to lose their insurance. I am not sure if this young lady will be among them or the farm lady that I talked about earlier, but they are at risk all across Amer-ica—14 million people in less than 1 year, and then, beyond that, over the ensuing years, 24 million Americans. It has been argued that the Afford-able Care Act is in a death spiral. I was an insurance commissioner in Cali-fornia for 8 years, and that is not true. It is an alternate fact. The fact of the matter is that the Affordable Care Act is working—not without some prob-lems here and there, but it is working. It is not in a death spiral. That is probably a good place to leave it, except this TrumpCare— RyanCare—is a problem. You are going to pay more and you are going to get less—24 million people, an age tax on seniors, and a huge tax break for the superwealthy in America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 22, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
866. A letter from the Director, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Competitive and Noncompetitive Non-formula Federal Assist-ance Programs — Specific Administrative Provisions for the Veterinary Services Grants Program (RIN: 0524-AA70) received March 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 867. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Open Licensing Requirement for Competitive Grant Pro-grams [Docket ID.: ED-2015-OS-0105] (RIN: 1894-AA07) March 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 868. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 10-90]; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications [WC Docket No.: 14-58] received March 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 869. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 870. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-curity Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of the United Kingdom, Trans-mittal No. 17-02, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 871. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a notifi-cation of a determination that, by reason of the statutory debt limit, the Secretary is un-able to comply with the investment require-ments of the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 8348(l)(2); Public Law 89-554, Sec. 8348(l)(2) (as added by Public Law 99-509, Sec. 6002(c)); (100 Stat. 1933) and 5 U.S.C. 8438(h)(2); Public Law 99-335, Sec. 101(a) (as amended by Public Law 101-335, Sec. 3(a)(7)); (104 Stat. 320); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. House Resolution 154. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President of the United States and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to transmit cer-tain information to the House of Representa-tives relating to plans to repeal or replace the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the health-related measures of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; adversely (Rept. 115–54). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 1644. A bill to enhance sanctions with respect to transactions relating to North Korea, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Finan-cial Services, Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ): H.R. 1645. A bill to amend the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary ex-emption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. R OKITA ): H.R. 1646. A bill to amend title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to exclude the appli-cation of such title to employment practices that are in compliance with Federal regula-tions, and State laws, in certain areas; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 1647. A bill to establish a Water Infra-structure Trust Fund, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Transportation and In-frastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self and Mr. M
EEHAN ): H.R. 1648. A bill to provide for further com-prehensive research at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke on unruptured intracranial aneurysms; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 1649. A bill to assist entrepreneurs, support development of the creative econ-omy, and encourage international cultural exchange, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Small Business, Transportation and Infrastructure, the Judi-ciary, Education and the Workforce, Finan-cial Services, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. R
USSELL , and Ms. B ASS): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.088 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2287 March 21, 2017 
H.R. 1650. A bill to establish a national, re-search-based, and comprehensive home study assessment process for the evaluation of pro-spective foster parents and adoptive parents and provide funding to States and Indian tribes to adopt such process; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. C RAMER ): H.R. 1651. A bill to designate the same indi-vidual serving as the Chief Nurse Officer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN ): H.R. 1652. A bill to provide for the regula-tion of over-the-counter hearing aids; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 1653. A bill to amend certain provi-sions of the Safe Drinking Water Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself, Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. I SSA, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , and Mr. T IPTON ): H.R. 1654. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new surface water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ABIN, and Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut): H.R. 1655. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for facilities using a qualified methane conversion technology to provide transportation fuels and chemicals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
URD, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R
EICHERT ): H.R. 1656. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide incentives for employers to establish student loan repay-ment programs and to make contributions to qualified tuition programs on behalf of chil-dren of employees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 1657. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to authorize a State to reimburse cer-tain costs incurred by the State in providing training to workers after a petition for cer-tification of eligibility for trade adjustment assistance has been filed, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 1658. A bill to extend to the Mayor of the District of Columbia the same authority over the National Guard of the District of Columbia as the Governors of the several States exercise over the National Guard of those States with respect to administration of the National Guard and its use to respond to natural disasters and other civil disturb-ances, while ensuring that the President re-tains control of the National Guard of the District of Columbia to respond to homeland defense emergencies; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 1659. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from in-come for student loan forgiveness for stu-dents who have died or become disabled; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SIRES (for himself, Mr. D
IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. S MITH of New Jer-sey): H.R. 1660. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of glob-al health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. R
ENACCI ): H.R. 1661. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 1662. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit smoking in any fa-cility of the Veterans Health Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. G RIFFITH ): H.R. 1663. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources re-search and technology institutes established under that Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia): H. Res. 213. A resolution expressing support for designation of October 17, 2017, as the ‘‘National Vitiligo Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R
USH, and Mr. G ALLAGHER ): H. Res. 214. A resolution expressing support for designation of a Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. M
AST): H. Res. 215. A resolution expressing the fact that the House of Representatives sup-ports the system for prescription drug cov-erage provided under part D of the Medicare program and believes that changes to such system should not be part of the American Health Care Act of 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCSHON: H. Res. 216. A resolution congratulating the Plastics Industry Association on its 80th anniversary; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Education and the Workforce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M
EEKS , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER ): H. Res. 217. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Social Work Month and World Social Work Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OKITA , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, and Ms. M ENG): H. Res. 218. A resolution recognizing the importance of the United States-Israel eco-nomic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. WALKER: H. Res. 219. A resolution establishing a Se-lect Committee on POW and MIA Affairs; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 1644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 1645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I. Section 8. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 1646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21MR7.100 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2288 March 21, 2017 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 1648. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 1649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 1650. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Offi-cer thereof’’ By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 1651. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 1652. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—to provide for the gen-eral welfare and to regulate commerce among the states. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 1653. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 1654. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution, which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the property belonging to the United States. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 1655. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states and within the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 1656. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause I By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 1657. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 1658. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 1659. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 states that, ‘‘The Con-gress should have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ and Article I, Section 7 states ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Represenatives.’’ By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 1660. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 1661. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 1662. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 1663. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. D ENT. H.R. 103: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 104: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 179: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C LAY, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 233: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 299: Mr. I
SSA, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 303: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 314: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 421: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 474: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 488: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 520: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 530: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 539: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 548: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 564: Mr. B
OST, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. H
UIZENGA , and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 613: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 669: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 695: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 721: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 747: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 754: Mr. I
SSA, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 757: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 761: Mr. L
AHOODand Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 770: Ms. S
INEMA and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 772: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 795: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 800: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 804: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 807: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 812: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 816:’Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 919: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 942: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 949: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 984: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 986: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1005: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1017: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1057: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1066: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1090: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 1116: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1120: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1141: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1163: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1206: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1231: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1243: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1251: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 1267: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1289: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. P LASKETT , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1290: Mr. S
OTO, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. P LASKETT , and Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER . H.R. 1299: Mr. N
OLAN and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1346: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1363: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1377: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. K
APTUR , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico. H.R. 1378: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1384: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. C OLE and Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 1393: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1435: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1444: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1456: Mr. Y
ODER and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 1463: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1464: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1473: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. K HANNA , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1515: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1526: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1532: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1538: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 1552: Mr. M
ASSIE and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 1556: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1562: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1566: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1569: Mr. R
USH, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1588: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1594: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1608: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1614: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1624: Mr. H
UDSON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.013 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2289 March 21, 2017 
H.R. 1626: Mr. O’H ALLERAN . H.R. 1627: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. S TEWART , and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 1632: Mr. C
OLE. H.J. Res. 7: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.J. Res. 59: Mr. E
MMER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, and Mr. A
LLEN . H.J. Res. 89: Mr. B
ACON . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. F
OSTER . H. Con. Res. 27: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. T SON-
GAS. H. Res. 28: Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S
HERMAN , and Mr. R ENACCI . H. Res. 31: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. N ORCROSS . H. Res. 54: Mr. S
OTO, Mrs. T ORRES , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 140: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H. Res. 162: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H. Res. 164: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H. Res. 181: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 184: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. S
ERRANO . H. Res. 186: Ms. P
INGREE . H. Res. 196: Mr. R
USH. H. Res. 206: Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M
AST, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.021 H21MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1857 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 21, 2017 No. 49 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
AVID P
ERDUE , a Senator from the State of Georgia. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, empower us today to trust You more fully and to accept our responsibility to bring peace to our Na-tion. Let that peace begin in our indi-vidual lives, creating an oasis of con-cord in an arid and truculent world. May our Senators bring the music of Your unity to their work, finding cre-ative solutions to intractable prob-lems. Lord, whisper to them words of instruction to help them find wisdom for these challenging days. May they shoulder the responsibilities that come with the privilege of freedom. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 21, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AVID PERDUE , a Sen- ator from the State of Georgia, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. PERDUE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REPEALING AND REPLACING OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last night in my home State of Kentucky, the President called for an end to ObamaCare as Congress continues working to repeal this disastrous law and replace it with patient-centered so-lutions. In Kentucky, just like across the country, costs are spiking, choices are dwindling, and insurance markets are edging closer and closer to collapse. Listen to this wife and small business owner who lives in Shelby County. She wrote to my office about her problems with ObamaCare. Here is what she said: 
I have seen little or no success where ObamaCare is concerned. [T]he current in-surance available is causing working class Americans to choose between paying their bills and getting needed medical care. . . . We need help. 
Kentuckians deserve better than ObamaCare. The American people de-serve relief from ObamaCare. The law is failing right in front of us. It will continue to get worse unless we act. So we have to act. This week the House will continue working to advance ObamaCare repeal-and-replace legisla-tion. The House has already done some great work on the bill, and I look for-ward to taking it up in the Senate soon. We will have an amendment proc-ess here in the Senate. At the end of that process, we will send a bill to the one person who can sign it into law, and that is the President of the United States. But the legislation before the House isn’t our only tool to help stabilize the healthcare marketplace. It is one prong of a three-part strategy. The second prong is the administra-tion continuing to use its broad au-thority to bring relief. Officials like the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, and the Adminis-trator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Seema Verma, are already working to bring relief to sta-bilize health markets that ObamaCare has rattled. The third prong is further legislation to reform the healthcare market and make it more competitive for con-sumers. Taken together, these three prongs aim to restore power to the States and move more healthcare deci-sions out of Washington and back to the States. They also represent the best way to bring relief to Americans who continue to suffer under ObamaCare. The American people de-serve better than this failing law. We promised we would repeal and replace it for four straight elections. We are working to fulfill that commitment right now. f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. M
CCONNELL. On another mat-ter, Mr. President, yesterday Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch came be-fore the Judiciary Committee for the first day of his confirmation hearing. In his opening statement, Judge Gorsuch showed why so many lawyers and judges strongly support his nomi-nation as a thoughtful and fairminded judge who understands the particular role of the Federal courts in our Re-public and who has discharged his judi-cial office accordingly. Last week, two of his former col-leagues on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals added their voices to this growing chorus. The endorsement of him was published in the Washington Post. Judge Gorsuch’s hearing con-tinues today with Senators on the com-mittee asking him questions. As they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.000 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1858 March 21, 2017 
do, we should keep in mind the counsel of his former Tenth Circuit col-leagues—both as to their experience with Judge Gorsuch on the bench and their view of our role in questioning him now that he is before the Senate. Judges Deanell Reece Tacha and Rob-ert Henry both served with Judge Gorsuch on the Tenth Circuit. Both were chief judges of that court, in fact, and both have gone on to careers in academia: Judge Tacha as dean of the Pepperdine University School of Law and Judge Henry as president and chief executive of Oklahoma City Univer-sity. Judge Tacha was appointed to the circuit court by President Reagan while Judge Henry was appointed to the circuit court by President Clinton. They describe themselves as a lifelong Republican and Democrat, respec-tively. They write that ‘‘predictions abound as to how Judge Neil Gorsuch—if con-firmed—would lean or even vote on this or that case. . . . But these essentially political discussions tend to distort the role of judges in our government.’’ They remind us that the ‘‘‘independ-ence of the judges’ is a most sacred tra-dition in U.S. constitutional law, re-quiring all judges to have no obliga-tions to those who nominated or con-firmed them.’’ Let me repeat that. They note that the principle of judicial independence requires judges not to have obligations to those who nomi-nate them or those who confirm them. In that regard, Judges Tacha and Henry remind us that ‘‘[d]etailed dis-cussions during the confirmation proc-ess on issues that might come before a judge are not proper; in fact, they would in all likelihood require recusals from the cases discussed.’’ They point out how the judicial process is different from the confirmation process. They observe that ‘‘controversies that go be-fore the court often bring unique and complicated facts that could com-pletely change a judge’s sincerely es-poused view.’’ Legal research is ‘‘[a]nother critically important input into judicial decisions.’’ Legal research might reveal precedent that overrides a judge’s ‘‘previously held views or even logical interpretations of legal text.’’ They emphasize that the judicial proc-ess is the collection of ‘‘[t]hese fac-tors—tradition, independence, prece-dent and unique facts,’’ and that these factors ‘‘often combine to lead judicial nominees to change their views when confronted with specific cases.’’ By contrast, these factors are not present in the confirmation process. So it is not realistic or fair to expect a ju-dicial nominee to state or imply under oath how he or she might rule as a judge. That is why Justice Ginsburg could not give any hints, forecasts, or previews of her possible rulings during her Supreme Court nomination hear-ing. But we don’t have to guess how Judge Gorsuch would conduct himself as a Justice. We have a 10-year record of his judicial decisions, and we have the professional experience of those who practiced before him and those who have served with him. As for the latter, Judges Tacha and Henry give him the highest marks. Judge Gorsuch was, they say, ‘‘like most good judges, assiduously atten-tive to the facts and the law in each case.’’ If he were confirmed to the Su-preme Court, they say that ‘‘other im-portant traits of Gorsuch that are not likely to change’’ are things like ‘‘his fair consideration of opposing views, his remarkable intelligence, his won-derful judicial temperament expressed to litigants and his collegiality toward colleagues.’’ They conclude by saying that ‘‘[i]f we seek to confirm to the Supreme Court a noted intellect, a collegial colleague, and a gifted and eloquent writer—as well as a person of exhibited judicial temperament—Gorsuch fits that bill. He represents the best of the judicial tradition in our country.’’ Their endorsement tracks with so many others we have heard, and I am confident Judge Gorsuch will show the country today and tomorrow why so many people are so proud to support him to be our next Supreme Court Jus-tice. 
f 
NOMINATION OF DANNY REEVES Mr. M
CCONNELL. As to another well-qualified judge whose nomination is currently being considered by the Senate, today, we will consider the nomination of U.S. District Court Judge Danny Reeves to serve on the U.S. Sentencing Commission. He is a great choice to serve on the Commis-sion, and I look forward to the Senate confirming him. Among its responsibilities, the Com-mission is tasked with setting sen-tencing policy in our Federal judicial system. While I don’t always agree with the policy outcomes, I appreciate the important role it plays in trying to ensure fairness in our Federal courts. Judge Reeves is well prepared for the task ahead. I am confident he will do great work on the Commission. His legal career began in Northern Kentucky University’s Salmon P. Chase College of Law, where he grad-uated with honors in 1981. After grad-uation, he clerked with Judge Eugene Siler, then a district court judge in the Eastern and Western Districts of Ken-tucky. Upon finishing his clerkship, Judge Reeves entered private practice at what was then known as Greenebaum Doll & McDonald. He be-came a partner there in 1988. In 2001, I had the first of many in-depth discussions with Judge Reeves. I was so impressed by him that I rec-ommended him to then-President George W. Bush and that he appoint Judge Reeves as a Federal district court judge in Kentucky. The Senate confirmed him without a dissenting vote, and he served with distinction on the Federal bench. Judge Reeves has been lauded for his steady devotion to the rule of law, for his commitment to fair rulings predi-cated on the facts and law—rather than his own political beliefs—and for his evenhanded approach to all who enter his courtroom. Because of his dem-onstrated appreciation for these pre-cepts, Judge Reeves will be a signifi-cant asset to the Commission and an advocate for sound and sober decision-making. As many of you know, the Commis-sion has been operating, to the extent it can, without a quorum. Not only does Judge Reeves’ appointment stand as validation of his distinguished ca-reer as a respected jurist, but, along with the reappointment of U.S. Dis-trict Court Judge Charles Breyer, it represents a return to an operational agency. Now the Commission can get back to the business for which it was designed, establishing uniform sen-tencing practices and policies that will be utilized in Federal courts all across the country. So I look forward to supporting and congratulating Judge Danny Reeves, as well as his wife Cindy and their sons Adam and Joe and their families, on his confirmation to the U.S. Sen-tencing Commission. f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, over the past several weeks, the Senate has been working to bring much needed relief from the reg-ulatory onslaught of the last 8 years. Using the Congressional Review Act, or CRA, we have already taken action to end regulations that threaten jobs, weaken our economy, and undermine States’ authority. Today we will con-tinue to move forward with our efforts to block more unnecessary regulations that hold our country back in a num-ber of ways. The CRA resolution that we will consider today will end regula-tion that undercuts Alaska’s ability to manage its fish and wildlife resources. As a coalition of hunters, fishing en-thusiasts, and conservationists re-cently wrote me, ‘‘Congress promised that the citizens of Alaska, working through their Department of Fish and Game would be able to manage their own fish and wildlife, as do the other 49 states.’’ Passing this CRA resolution will roll back the administration’s overreach and restore the State-Federal balance that Congress originally intended. Our colleagues from Alaska, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI and Senator S ULLIVAN , are the sponsors of this resolution we will con-sider today. They know the damage this regulation would do to their home State. They have been working to do something about it. They have also been quick to point out the concerning precedent this rule would mean for the rest of the States. I appreciate their leadership on this issue and look forward to joining them in overturning this harmful Obama ad-ministration regulation as soon as pos-sible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.002 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1859 March 21, 2017 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday, President Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, was introduced in the Judici-ary Committee for opening statements. We all look forward to today’s round of questioning, during which I hope the nominee will be more forthcoming than he was with me. I am very sympa-thetic to the fact that judges should not offer opinions on cases that could come before the Court lest they bias themselves. Every Senator is aware of that. We know to ask general questions or questions about cases previously de-cided to get a sense of a judge’s philos-ophy. In our meeting, Judge Gorsuch re-fused to even answer those questions. For instance, I asked him a very simple question. I said forget about the case that was then pending in the Ninth Cir-cuit on the Executive order. I said: Let’s say Congress passed a law: No Muslim could enter the United States. Would that be unconstitutional? He even refused to answer that ques-tion. So I hope he will be more willing to answer questions in the Judiciary Committee today, particularly about his views of important Supreme Court cases of the past and his own ideology. This idea that judges judge regardless of ideology is totally belied by the fact that there is a coalition right now— four judges on one side, four judges on the other. Four appointed by Demo-cratic Presidents who generally rule one way, four appointed by Republican Presidents who generally rule the other. If it was just interpreting the law without any input from a person’s life and thoughts and ideology, we would not have that stark breakdown, but we do. In my view, the hard right, in try-ing to populate the bench with people way over, has adopted this philosophy, starting with Miguel Estrada: Don’t answer the questions because if the American people knew how you really felt, they would not want you on the bench. Let’s take the case of President Trump. Of course President Trump considered ideology when he selected Judge Gorsuch off a list culled by the far-right Heritage Foundation and Fed-eralist Society. He did not pick the judges himself. He went to these ex-treme groups and said: You make a list. I promise I will pick people from that list. Do you think organizations—these organizations—dedicated to a certain ideological viewpoint, did not consider ideology when building their list of possible Supreme Court picks? Of course they did. President Trump said himself, he wanted to appoint a Justice who would overturn Roe v. Wade. The idea that he selected a judicious, neutral judge is belied by the selection process, totally and amazingly. That is how the Presi-dent considered these judges. So it is not unreasonable for Senators to con-sider and question the ideology of a nominee in committee. President Trump sure did when he came up with a list. The only way for the Judiciary Committee to do that is if the nominee is willing to answer specific questions. If he is not willing to answer specific questions, what is the purpose of even holding a 4-day hearing? Before I move on to another topic, I would like to point out that it is the height of irony that Republicans held this Supreme Court seat open for near-ly a calendar year while President Obama was in office but are now rush-ing to fill the seat for a President whose campaign is under investigation by the FBI. Even Representative N
UNES , the Re-publican chairman of the House Intel-ligence Committee, said the investiga-tion, confirmed yesterday by FBI Di-rector Comey, puts a ‘‘big gray cloud’’ over this administration. You can bet if the shoe were on the other foot and a Democratic President was under in-vestigation by the FBI, the Repub-licans would be howling at the Moon about filling a Supreme Court seat in such circumstances. After all, they stopped the President who was not under investigation from filling a seat with nearly a year left in his Presidency. It is unseemly to be moving forward so fast on confirming a Supreme Court Justice with a lifetime appointment while this ‘‘big gray cloud’’ of an FBI investigation hangs over the Presidency. 
f 
TRUMPCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the Republicans plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Their bill is such a mess and is proving so deeply unpopular that Republicans are play-ing a game of hot potato with it. Speaker R
YANdoes not want to call it RyanCare. The administration does not want to call it TrumpCare. They are pointing at each other and hoping the other one takes responsibility and blame. President Trump, who has tried to put his name on nearly everything in his career—ties, steaks, water—does not want his name on this bill. Well, the President himself is here on the Hill today to sell the bill to House Re-publicans. Make no mistake, this is TrumpCare, the President’s bill. Every American should know that if Repub-licans ultimately pass this bill, Presi-dent Trump is behind it, and Repub-licans will have helped him every step of the way. So voters, particularly Trump sup-porters, who would be hurt most by this TrumpCare should remember that when your premiums start going up, President Trump did that. When your insurance does not cover all the things it used to, President Trump did that. If you are older and insurance companies are now charging you exorbitant pre-miums, several times what you used to pay, President Trump did that. When 24 million fewer Americans have health insurance while the wealthiest Ameri-cans get a huge tax break, you can be sure President Trump did that too. Even now, the changes House Repub-licans are making to buy off different factions of their caucus are making the bill more harsh. Some of these changes will further weaken Medicaid and re-sult in even fewer Americans with healthcare coverage. Though Repub-licans claim they are fixing the bill’s unfair tax on older Americans, they are not. The truth is, the Republican age tax is still in the bill. People in their fifties and sixties still stand to lose big time. The larger truth is, Republicans are not trying to make this bill better. They are just trying to make it pass with all their various factions pulling them in different directions. There is no better evidence of that than the new ‘‘Senate slush fund,’’ a $75 billion ear-mark the House is giving the Senate to buy off Republican Senators who don’t want to vote for this bill. What happened to our fiscal conserv-ative friends in the House—no unneces-sary expenditures. A $75 billion slush fund. It doesn’t even say what it does. Wow. Unbelievable. Many Republican Senators don’t want to vote on the House bill because it is going to crush older Americans with a new age tax, but make no mistake about it, the Sen-ate slush fund is not going to fix that problem at all. Here is the biggest problem. The con-sequences of TrumpCare are so bad for working Americans and older Ameri-cans that my friend the majority lead-er may rush it through the Chamber after we get it from the House. He has already said TrumpCare is going to by-pass committees and go right to the floor. There is even talk that Repub-lican Senators, under his leadership, are negotiating a substitute bill behind closed doors that would take its place and also go straight to the floor. That is not how we should do busi-ness here on something as important as healthcare. That is not just my view, that is the majority leader’s view. Lis-ten to what the distinguished majority leader—then-minority leader—said 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.003 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1860 March 21, 2017 
about healthcare reform in 2009, when the Affordable Care Act was being de-bated. He said—these are M
ITCH M
CCONNELL ’s words: 
We shouldn’t try to do it in the dark. And whatever final bill is produced should be available to the American public and to Members of the Senate for enough time to come to grips with it. There should be and must be a CBO score. 
Let me repeat that. ‘‘There should be and must be a CBO score.’’ I would ask our leader, are we going to have one be-fore he rushes this bill to the floor? I hope so. ‘‘We are going to insist,’’ he said, ‘‘that it be done in a transparent and fair and open way.’’ Well, the majority leader delights in pointing out instances when Democrats seemed to go back on something they said. So I certainly hope he follows his own advice from 2009 now that he is majority leader. We hope to see a pub-lished bill, with Senators given time to review, and a CBO score before any-thing moves forward—a fair, open, and transparent process, as he said. I know why he wants to move so quickly. The majority leader knows how bad the bill actually is. In fact, the consequences of TrumpCare are so bad that Republicans are talking about other phases of the plan, promising a second and third prong that will some-how make this bill better for American people down the road. They say to their colleagues: Well, this bill is bad, but we will change it in the second and third prongs. Well, that is a diversion. If Repub-licans can’t live with this bill, they should shelve it because those other prongs are either not going to happen or will make it worse. I can speak with some authority on the third prong. It is going to require 60 votes. That is what will be needed for the Republican legislation to make more changes to our healthcare sys-tem—60 votes, which means at least 8 Democratic votes. I warn my Republican colleagues: Once you repeal ACA in this fashion— just ripping it out, having nothing good to put in its place—our healthcare system is going to be too messed up to resuscitate it with piecemeal legisla-tion down the road. Even my Repub-lican friends, Senators on the other side of the aisle, said as much. My friend, the junior Senator from Texas, Senator C
RUZ, said: ‘‘Anything placed in so-called bucket three won’t pass.’’ You are right, T
ED. If we want to pass real reforms, we have to do it now and on budget reconciliation. Senator C
RUZ is right again. My friend, the junior Senator from Arkansas, Senator C
OTTON , freely ad-mits that ‘‘there is no three-phase process. There is no three-phase plan. That is just political talk. It’s just politicians engaging in spin.’’ Senator C
OTTON , I couldn’t have said it better myself. All Republicans in the House and Senate should hear this: Democrats will not help Republicans repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act—in one phase, two phases, or three phases. This TrumpCare bill would cause such immense damage to our country, its citizens, average working families who are going to be paying more and get-ting less, we are not going to be complicit. But we will work with our Republican colleagues to improve the existing law. If the President and the majority leader say ‘‘All right, we are not going to repeal; let’s work on some changes,’’ we will do it with them. Of course we will listen. But they have to drop re-peal first. Again, I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to drop their repeal ef-forts, drop TrumpCare—non-nego-tiated, not a drop of bipartisanship in it—and come negotiate with Democrats on improvements to the Affordable Care Act. Turn back before it is too late—too late for the American people who will be hurt and too late for all of you who will also be hurt as you try to defend TrumpCare in the next few years. Mr. President, I yield the floor. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, equally divided, with Senators permitted to speak therein, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half. The Senator from Missouri. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am here today to discuss the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. So far this year, we have heard that it is too early to do everything, that the process of putting the Presi-dent’s Cabinet in place, which took longer than any administration since George Washington and is still not completed, was somehow too early. We heard that every single nominee was being handled too quickly, even though every previous President since the first President has managed to have a Cabi-net confirmed by the Senate quicker than this one. Clearly the process going on right now—hours of questioning beginning today for Judge Gorsuch, who has a 10- year record as an appeals judge on the Tenth Circuit, where all of the other judges in the district courts under the Tenth Circuit’s jurisdiction see their cases go to be appealed. The Supreme Court is ‘‘distinctly American in concept and function,’’ ac-cording to Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes, and there is, frankly, nothing quite like it in any other constitu-tional government. It is a Court that was supposed to be part of this very unique at the time idea of a govern-ment that was so finely balanced that it would run itself, a machine that was so finely balanced that it didn’t take a King, it didn’t take the intervention of somebody to decide who would be the one person who would run the country. The Supreme Court—the only Court mentioned in the Constitution—is a uniquely American court. In the his-tory of the country, only 112 people have had the honor to serve on the Su-preme Court. On the last day of Janu-ary, President Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch of the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the Tenth Circuit to be one of those unique individuals who get to serve on this Court, to be an Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. Since his nomination, he has visited individually with a significant major-ity of Members of the Senate. I think he has had 70 visits with Members of the Senate in their offices. Many of my colleagues on the other side—several of whom I will mention in a minute— voted for Judge Gorsuch to have the job he currently has. Many of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle left their meetings with Judge Gorsuch impressed by his character, by his in-tellect. Here is what just a couple of our colleagues on the other side said: ‘‘He did a very good job in the meet-ing with me. He presents himself very well.’’ Another one of our colleagues said: ‘‘He’s a very caring person, and he’s ob-viously legally very smart. . . . I think we are dealing with someone who is im-pressive.’’ Another one of our colleagues said they ‘‘had a thorough conversation about the importance of the rule of law and of a judiciary that is independent of the executive and legislative branches of government.’’ As more Senators had a chance to meet Judge Gorsuch, they came to see him as an independent-minded judge who has a deep appreciation for the law and a real understanding of what a judge should do. It was mentioned earlier that the judge should be required to talk about how he would rule on individual cases. Of course not. In fact, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who is on the Court now, was very strident before the committee in pointing out that it would be wrong for a judge to explain how they would judge an individual case. She said that if a judge did that, a judge would actu-ally have to recuse themselves, in her opinion, from the case, and others on the Court today have all said similar things when asked the kinds of ques-tions that the minority leader just said that Judge Gorsuch would have to an-swer if he was going to be confirmed to the Court. If that was the test, there would be nobody on the Court today, and if that was the test, none of the 112 people who have served on the Court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.004 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1861 March 21, 2017 
would have, in all likelihood, passed that test. When I had a chance to visit with Judge Gorsuch, it was clear that he un-derstood the proper role of a judge. The role of a judge—the job is to adhere to the Constitution, to apply the rule of law, and not to legislate from the bench. When he was nominated by President Trump, Judge Gorsuch said: 
It is for Congress and not the courts to write new laws. It is the role of judges to apply, not alter, the work of the people’s rep-resentatives. A judge who likes every out-come he reaches is very likely a bad judge, stretching for results he prefers, rather than those the law demands. 
What does that mean? How would a person reach a conclusion they didn’t like and that is what makes them a good judge? Well, a good judge reads the law, reads the Constitution, and applies the law. A good judge doesn’t try to determine what the Constitution and the law should say but only has the job of determining what the Constitu-tion and the law do say. Justice Scalia—the vacancy Judge Gorsuch will fill—according to Justice Scalia, setting aside personal views is ‘‘one of the primary qualifications for a judge’’—not determining what you would like to happen but determining what the law and the Constitution say has to happen. I think Judge Gorsuch understands that. He comes to the Court very well pre-pared. He is a graduate of Columbia University, Harvard Law School, and Oxford University. His academic cre-dentials are unrivalled in preparation for this job. He served his country ad-mirably as a Supreme Court Justice clerk for Justice Byron White, who was appointed to the Court by President Kennedy and confirmed by the Senate, and Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was appointed to the Court by President Reagan. Judge Gorsuch served as the Principal Deputy Associate Attorney General, and then in 2006, President George W. Bush nominated him to serve on the Tenth Circuit Court of Ap-peals. The Senate confirmed his nomi-nation unanimously by a voice vote. There are 12 Democrats currently serv-ing in the Senate who were then in of-fice and supported Judge Gorsuch’s nomination 10 years ago to the job he has today. In the decade Judge Gorsuch has served as a circuit court judge, review-ing the work of other Federal judges on appeal, he has demonstrated the integ-rity, professional qualifications, and judicial temperament to serve on the Nation’s highest Court. Judge Gorsuch said recently that judges are not politicians in robes. It is not the job of a judge to determine what the law is or should be; it is the job of a judge to determine what the law is. The job of a judge is to deter-mine what the Framers intended the Constitution to say. Judge Gorsuch received high praise from legal experts across party lines. He has gotten the highest level of rec-ommendation from the American Bar Association, unanimously rating him as ‘‘well qualified,’’ its highest rating. He is respected by people who know him in his community. He has really dedicated himself to a lifetime of serv-ice that prepares him for this job. The Supreme Court is one of the foundational institutions of our coun-try. It is designed to protect our de-mocracy and is designed to really un-derstand and apply the Constitution and the law so that the rule of law is uniquely dependable in the United States of America. If you are a citizen and you read the law and you understand what the law says, that should get you a long way toward success before the courts and ensures that in this country, the rule of law matters. The ultimate deter-miner of what the law says is the Su-preme Court. I think Judge Gorsuch will serve well and I hope long on the Court. I believe that in the next couple of weeks, he will join the Justices, one of whom he clerked for. If that happens, he will be the first person in the history of the country to be sitting as an Associate Justice with another Associate Justice who decades earlier he was the law clerk for when he and Associate Jus-tice Kennedy had an opportunity to serve together. With that, I notice my colleague from Iowa is here, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise today to praise President Trump for se-lecting an eminently qualified nominee in Judge Neil Gorsuch to be an Asso-ciate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. No one can dispute the academic credentials and intellectual rigor of Judge Gorsuch. In fact, even a former Acting Solicitor General under Presi-dent Obama, Neal Katyal, called Judge Gorsuch ‘‘one of the most thoughtful and brilliant judges to have served our Nation over the last century.’’ Just yesterday, he joined the Republican and Democratic Senators from Colo-rado in introducing Judge Gorsuch at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Judge Gorsuch graduated with hon-ors from Columbia University and then Harvard Law School. He later earned a doctorate in legal philosophy from the University of Oxford. Prior to becom-ing a judge, Neil Gorsuch was Principal Deputy to the Associate Attorney Gen-eral and Acting Associate Attorney General at the Department of Justice, worked as a litigator in private prac-tice, and served as a law clerk to Su-preme Court Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy. Moreover, earlier this month, the American Bar Associa-tion’s Standing Committee on the Fed-eral Judiciary rated Judge Gorsuch ‘‘well qualified,’’ its highest rating. One of my constituents who went to high school with Judge Gorsuch took the time to send me a note in support of his character, calling him ‘‘the most reasonable, smart, principled, kind, and humble person I know.’’ Even at a young age, he made a positive impres-sion on his colleagues—something he has continued to do today. During the course of Judge Gorsuch’s 10-year judicial career, his opinions have reflected not only his outstanding legal acumen but also his respect for the Constitution and his Scalia-like ability to explain his decisions. Judge Gorsuch was nominated to his current position on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit by Presi-dent George W. Bush in 2006. As a tes-tament to Judge Gorsuch’s exceptional credentials, the Senate confirmed him by unanimous voice vote. Several cur-rent Members of the Senate from both parties, including Minority Leader Schumer, supported Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation. The people spoke last November, and our new President has put forward a well-respected nominee whom the Senate has previously con-firmed with unanimous support. It is time for Washington to work together as our constituents expect us to do, to help protect and defend our coequal branches of government and the rule of law. If confirmed, Judge Gorsuch’s dedication to interpreting the text of the Constitution and statutes as they are written rather than attempting to legislate from the bench will help to do just that. As Judge Gorsuch himself has stated in one of his opinions: ‘‘A judge who likes every result he reaches is very likely a bad judge, reaching for results he prefers rather than those the law compels.’’ I have had the great honor of meet-ing with Judge Gorsuch to learn more about his judicial philosophy, and over the next few days, the American people will also get to learn more about Judge Gorsuch through his confirmation hearing. I am confident they will also determine he is qualified to serve on our Nation’s highest Court. I look for-ward to moving ahead to fill the Su-preme Court vacancy with this emi-nently qualified nominee, and I thank him for his willingness to serve his country in this critically important role. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, it was 7 years ago that Democrats in Con-gress passed ObamaCare. They prom-ised lower healthcare costs. What they delivered was a Washington mandate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.006 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1862 March 21, 2017 
for expensive insurance that many peo-ple found actually wasn’t insurance they could use, even though they were forced to buy it. For 7 years, Ameri-cans have suffered under the con-sequences of that decision by this body and by the former President. Less than 7 weeks into the Trump ad-ministration, Republicans introduced a plan to give Americans real healthcare reform. The American people know that ObamaCare has been a disaster, one broken promise after another. I hear about this every weekend when I am home in Wyoming. I heard about it this past weekend. There is now only one insurance company that is willing to offer ObamaCare coverage in my en-tire State. There are 1,000 counties all across the country in the same situa-tion—only one option. This is not a marketplace; it is a monopoly. As a doctor who has practiced medi-cine for 25 years, I can tell you that when it comes to healthcare, the last thing patients want to hear is that they don’t have a choice: It is this or nothing. That is why Republicans promised we were going to repeal the restrictions in ObamaCare that limit people’s choices. We promised to give people options, not mandates. The healthcare bill we are debating now is the first step to keeping that promise. The bill starts to give people more choices so they can pick what is right for them and for their families. I want to talk about three ways that it does this. First, the bill removes the mandates. It ends both the individual and the em-ployer mandates. It eliminates the pen-alties that hard-working families have to pay if they decide that overpriced ObamaCare insurance isn’t right for them. This was one of the most out-rageous and unfair parts of the healthcare law. These mandates will be gone. Second, the bill that the House is considering cuts taxes. It gets rid of the ObamaCare tax on prescription drugs. It gets rid of the ObamaCare tax on health insurance. It gets rid of the taxes on artificial appliances, such as pacemakers and artificial joints. Over-all, the bill eliminates 15 different taxes. These taxes are obviously passed on to consumers; repealing them helps to bring down the cost of care. Third, the repeal bill creates options for people and for States. It encourages people to find creative ways to help make healthcare costs more affordable for them. It expands how people can use health savings accounts, which is a great option for many people. It helps States do innovative things, such as create high risk pools to bring down costs for everybody. It gives States more flexibility when it comes to Med-icaid Programs. Let’s face it: Medicaid is broken, and ObamaCare just threw more people onto this second-class health insur-ance. Just last week, we got evidence of how badly Medicaid is harming pa-tients. The chief executive at the Mayo Clinic said in his speech that his hos-pital is going to give precedence to people with private insurance over peo-ple on Medicaid. The supporters of ObamaCare said that their biggest suc-cess is the number of people who got coverage by being put into Medicaid. Well, it is clear that many of these peo-ple are being harmed by being in Med-icaid, a system that has been broken for decades. It is alarming and it is also appalling. We have to fundamentally reform the Medicaid Program. To do that, we have to give States more options for coming up with the reforms that work for them and for the people who live in those States. Every State is different, and a one-size-fits-all mandate from Washington will never work for all of the States all across the country. Democrats tried it, and it failed dra-matically. ObamaCare is collapsing all around us. We have to do something, and we have to start now. In the next couple of months, insurance companies are going to start making decisions about what they are going to do for next year, 2018. They will be figuring out how much they want to charge and whether they want to be involved in the ObamaCare exchanges at all. People have been los-ing their coverage and losing choices ever since the Democrats wrote the healthcare law and the President signed it 7 years ago. I believe it is going to get worse every day that we delay. There are Democrats who don’t real-ly seem to care much about any of that. They would rather set the whole healthcare system on a path to fall apart completely before they will ever admit that they were wrong. Hard- working Americans and families across the country don’t have that luxury. There are still 25 million Americans without insurance even 7 years after ObamaCare has been in place. Every year, people have gotten letters in the mail telling them that their plans have been canceled. That is the reality of ObamaCare. Democrats want to pre-tend that everything is fine, but that is absolutely not true. That is why it is so important that President Trump jumped in right away to take important steps to help sta-bilize the marketplace. He recognized what Democrats won’t admit—that these ObamaCare markets are falling apart. So the President has already started doing what he can to stabilize the markets, to make sure people keep their options for health coverage. The Department of Health and Human Services has taken steps to preserve programs that ObamaCare tried to eliminate. These are plans that people already had and they liked and the law tried to say they could no longer exist. The Trump administration has said people can continue on those plans. The administration also tightened up some of the rules to make sure people actually pay the premiums for this year’s insurance before they are al-lowed to sign up for next year. The ad-ministration is taking commonsense steps that will make it harder for peo-ple to game the system and that will lower the cost for everyone else. These are important steps. The administra-tion is going to be doing a lot more to protect families and to create more op-tions. This repeal bill isn’t perfect; nobody says it is. Still, it is a monumental shift away from ObamaCare. The American people will be better off with this repeal plan. They will be better off with the additional reforms that we will continue to push after this bill. I hope that Democrats will join us and offer their own ideas about what these additional reforms will look like. I hope they realize that families are better off when they have more choices, not fewer. We are better off when people can decide what is better for them and their families, not when government tells them what to do. We are better off when healthcare deci-sions are left to patients and doctors, not to Washington bureaucrats and in-surance companies. We are better off when people have freedom and options, not mandates and penalties. America needs healthcare reform. What we had before ObamaCare wasn’t working; I saw that as a doctor. What we have now isn’t working, either. It is time for everyone to admit that and to take this opportunity to start repair-ing the damage, start creating real re-form. As Ronald Reagan said: It is bet-ter to get 80 percent of what you want rather than go over the cliff with a flag flying. The American people are asking for our help, and we cannot turn our backs on them now. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations en bloc, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Charles R. Breyer, of Cali-fornia, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2021; and Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, to be a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.009 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1863 March 21, 2017 
Member of the United States Sen-tencing Commission for a term expir-ing October 31, 2019. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on two nominees to the U.S. Sentencing Commission who should have been confirmed last year. Judge Danny Reeves was nominated more than 1 year ago, and he was unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee; yet Senate Republicans re-fused to approve him before the end of last year. Judge Charles Breyer was nominated last September for a re-appointment, and despite over-whelming support, Republicans blocked him as well. These are not con-troversial nominees, and there is no good reason they were blocked last year. In fact, in ordinary times, these nominees would be unanimously con-firmed during wrap-up on the Senate floor. 
RICHARD BOULWARE  
Mr. President, one nominee we are not considering today is Judge Richard Boulware, whom President Obama nominated in 2015 to fill a seat on the Sentencing Commission previously held by Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson. Judge Boulware was confirmed to serve as a district judge in June 2014, becom-ing the first African-American man to serve on the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada. His nomination to the Sentencing Commission had the strong support of the Leadership Con-ference on Civil and Human Rights, which said that Judge Boulware would ‘‘bring a much needed and valuable per-spective to the work of the Commission because of his experience.’’ Judge Boulware clerked in the Southern Dis-trict of New York, served as a Federal public defender, and represented the Las Vegas branch of the NAACP on a range of issues, including voting rights, police cameras, and solitary confine-ment. Despite his clear qualifications, Sen-ate Republicans blocked Judge Boulware, and his nomination was re-turned to the White House at the end of last year. President Trump renomi-nated Judge Reeves and Judge Breyer, but I am disappointed that he failed to do the same for Judge Boulware. The Sentencing Commission does not have a single person of Color serving as a commissioner; yet its work on criminal justice issues has a significant effect on communities of color. Judge Boulware should have been confirmed last year, along with Judge Reeves and Judge Breyer. While I support the two nominees before us today, I want the R
ECORD to note my deep disappoint-ment and concern that Judge Boulware is not among them. For nearly a decade, I have worked with Senators from both parties on bi-partisan legislation to reform our criminal justice system. The Sen-tencing Commission has also studied the issue and brought about needed change to the sentencing guidelines. The Bureau of Prisons continues to consume nearly a quarter of the Jus-tice Department’s budget, even as vio-lent crime rates have gone down; but instead of taking meaningful steps to reduce these costs, the Trump-Sessions Justice Department has signaled it in-tends to more aggressively charge low- level offenders with crimes carrying mandatory minimums. The Attorney General also lifted restrictions on the use of private prisons that serve only the interest of wealthy corporations. This is deeply troubling on moral grounds. Incarceration should not be a for-profit business. It is also troubling to me in my role as vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee. Instead of wasting taxpayer dollars on private prisons, we should be directing our lim-ited resources to train and protect offi-cers on the streets and to reduce recidi-vism and crime. The Sentencing Commission has brought much-needed fairness to the Guidelines in the past, and I hope it will continue to do so once its new members are confirmed, Although we should also be voting today on Judge Boulware’s nomination to the commis-sion—rather, we should have voted on it last year—I will support the nomina-tions of Judge Breyer and Judge Reeves. BREYER NOMINATION  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise in strong support of Judge Charles Breyer’s reappointment to the U.S. Sentencing Commission. Judge Breyer earned his bachelor’s degree cum laude from Harvard Univer-sity in 1963 and his law degree from the University of California, Berkeley Law School in 1966. In 1997, Judge Breyer was nominated by President Clinton to a seat on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. Judge Breyer was confirmed by the U.S. Senate that same year by voice vote. On the bench, Judge Breyer has served with distinction. He has done the hard work of sentencing individ-uals to prison terms. He has also fo-cused on sentencing issues outside the courtroom, testifying before the Sen-tencing Commission in 2009 and serving as chair of a Ninth Circuit Committee evaluating the impact of the Supreme Court’s decisions in Blakely v. Wash-ington, 2004, and United States v. Booker, 2005, on sentencing. In 2011, Judge Breyer took senior sta-tus, and the following year, he was nominated by President Obama to serve on the Sentencing Commission. Judge Breyer became the commission’s vice chair in 2013. The Sentencing Commission is an independent agency charged with es-tablishing sentencing guidelines for the Federal court system. The commis-sion’s work is important. It is respon-sible for advising and assisting Con-gress and the Executive branch in the development of effective and efficient crime policy. The commission also col-lects, analyzes, researches, and distrib-utes a broad array of information on Federal crime and sentencing issues and serves as a resource for Congress, the Executive branch, the Judiciary, practitioners, academics, and the pub-lic. Since the start of the 115th Congress, the Sentencing Commission has been unable to do its work because it has been with only two commissioners. By statute, the commission requires a quorum of at least four commissioners. For this reason, it is vitally impor-tant that Judge Breyer is confirmed once again to serve on the commission. Judge Breyer is a man of distinction and integrity. He has a long history of dedicated service to this country and an impeccable record of fairness. The commission really needs his continued leadership. Today I urge my colleagues to sup-port Judge Breyer’s nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the hour of 12 noon having arrived, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Breyer and Reeves nominations en bloc? Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: The Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 98, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 91 Ex.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Inhofe Isakson 
The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.010 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1864 March 21, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session and then re-cess until 2:15 p.m. for the weekly con-ference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:37 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 69. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 69, a joint resolution providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Depart-ment of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non-Sub-sistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Partici-pation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 69) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relat-ing to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Proce-dures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alas-ka.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise to encourage my colleagues to rescind a recently promulgated regulation by the Obama administration and to sup-port the corresponding resolution of disapproval that the majority leader just brought up and that we unani-mously moved forward to debate, H.J. Res. 69. There are few, if any, people in the world who love their lands and wildlife more than Alaskans. In Alaska, our land is the lifeblood that sustains us, that feeds our bodies, our families, and our souls. It is a deep and enduring part of our culture. Our hunting traditions are very much alive in Alaska. Alaskans hunt for food for cultural reasons and even for survival. There are people in my State whose families have called our beautiful and rugged lands home for thousands of years, living side-by-side with more recent arrivals. Alaska has also the well-earned reputation of hav-ing one of the best managed, most sus-tainable fish and game populations anywhere in America or anywhere in the world, for that matter. We have an abundance of wildlife that most States and most countries can only dream of. We do this year after year, generation after generation, through rigorous sci-entific processes that allow and en-courage public participation through our Board of Game, Board of Fisheries, and our Fish and Game Department to make sure we manage our fish and game for sustainability, as required by the Alaska constitution, and that we take into account the needs of our citi-zens—the needs of Alaskans. It is not an easy process. It can be contentious, but all Alaskans take this very seri-ously. In Alaska, we respect the land and everything in it. That special connec-tion and our ability to manage our own lands and resources was explicitly rec-ognized in Federal law when Alaska be-came a State. The Alaska Statehood Act passed in this body in 1958, specifi-cally granting Alaska the authority to manage fish and wildlife on not only State lands but on Federal lands, un-less Congress passes a law to the con-trary. By the way, that is the same au-thority granted to all States. It is granted to Ohio, New Mexico—all States in America have this authority. Further, in 1980, this body, the Con-gress of the United States, passed the Alaska National Interest Lands Con-servation Act, designating 100 million acres of land, in my great State, as Federal conservation units, including over 70 million acres—I believe larger than the State of New Mexico—as wild-life refuges in one State. Many Alaskans didn’t like this bill. Several saw this as a massive Federal usurpation of our land, but our con-gressional delegation fought to include explicit provisions in this Federal law that made it abundantly clear that the State of Alaska still had primacy in managing fish and game throughout the entire State—State lands and Fed-eral lands. When that act was passed, it explic-itly stated: ‘‘Nothing in this act is in-tended to enlarge or diminish the re-sponsibility and authority of the State of Alaska for the management of fish and wildlife on public lands. . . .’’ That is pretty clear language, and it is very important language to Alas-kans. ANILCA is the statute we are talking about, and that is what we call it in Alaska. That Federal law that passed in 1980 made numerous other commitments to Alaskans about how the Federal Government would not usurp the power of the State or our citizens to live the life we have in Alas-ka. How quickly the Feds forget. How quickly the Feds forget what this law requires. On August 5, 2016, the Obama admin-istration’s Fish and Wildlife Service fi-nalized a rule that, No. 1, restricted certain State-approved fish and game management practices; No. 2, limited public input in the wildlife manage-ment process; and, No. 3, expanded clo-sure procedures on refuges in Alaska, making it easier to keep people shut out of these Federal lands in our State. This rule is not based on sound science. Thousands of Alaskans and other Americans opposed it, tried to work with the Feds to get them to moderate it or rescind it, to no avail. It is not based on established wildlife management principles, and it is cer-tainly not based on Federal law. The Fish and Wildlife Service didn’t take this action because Alaska’s sustain-able and abundant populations of fish and game or their habitats were being threatened; it took this action because it wanted to control Alaska’s fish and wildlife and because it subjectively dis-approved of the way Alaska’s game was being managed by our Department of Fish and Game and by the Alaska Board of Game, but the Federal Fish and Wildlife Service does not have this authority. To make this clear, we are pro-ceeding today with this resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act, H.J. Res. 69, to rescind that August 5 Obama Fish and Wildlife Service rule. The House has already passed this measure under Congressman DON Y
OUNG ’s leadership. So I want to en-courage all of my colleagues, Demo-crats and Republicans, to vote in favor of this resolution. It is backed by the force of law, the principles of fed-eralism, and respect for the Alaskan Native people who have been hunting and fishing, subsisting off the land in Alaska for generations. It is also sup-ported by millions of Americans across the country and wildlife professionals in every State in the Union who are committed to the conservation of the abundant species of wildlife in my home State and in theirs. Why should my colleagues support rescinding this Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice regulation? Well, first and fore-most, as I have already mentioned, it clearly usurps power from the States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.012 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1865 March 21, 2017 
and it ignores Federal law. Unfortu-nately, faced with a Federal law it dis-agreed with, the Fish and Wildlife Service took the route other Federal agencies have been taking over the years by simply writing a reg to bypass the will of Congress and the American people, by simply moving forward with their preferred policy preference via regulation and ignoring the law. That is an issue every Member of this body, whether you are a Democrat or Repub-lican, should be concerned about and vigilant to reverse. It is not a partisan issue. It is a fed-eralism issue. It is a States’ rights issue. That is why my State of Alaska, led by a Governor who is an Inde-pendent and a Lieutenant Governor who is a Democrat, sued to overturn the Obama administration’s litigation. This litigation that my State brought against the Federal Government cites Federal laws like ANILCA, which de-clares that the State of Alaska ‘‘has ju-risdiction over the management of fish and wildlife on public lands throughout the State.’’ That is the Federal law. The law is clear, and of course it makes sense from a management per-spective. Alaska is a patch of many dif-ferent ownerships of our land—State, Federal, and Native lands. The moose and bear in our great State don’t know these borders. One agency needs to be in charge, and that is the State agency. While it might be true that this Obama administration regulation, as written, only applies and impacts Alas-ka, it is a precedent that should trou-ble every Member of this body and every State in the Union because if it can be done in Alaska, it can be done anywhere. That is why the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, State agencies charged with managing wild-life in all 50 States and territories from California, New Mexico, to New Jersey all support this resolution. They all support overturning the Obama admin-istration’s Fish and Wildlife reg. All 50 States, the people who know these issues, support what we are doing on the Senate floor right now. A second and related reason for the broad bipartisan support not only in Alaska but across the country for re-scinding this Fish and Wildlife regula-tion is because it significantly reduces the public participation in managing lands and wildlife in Alaska. Before this rule came out, the harvest of fish and wildlife on Alaska refuges was gov-erned by Alaska’s Board of Game and Board of Fish, and the process was highly sensible. I have been to Board of Game meetings. It is open to the public and responsive to the public, but this new regulation gives the Federal Gov-ernment a veto over State regulations issued by the boards, with no public process and no public input. The rule also makes closures of Fed-eral lands subject more to the whims of Federal officials than to the input of the people they serve. It shuts down the public process, which is critical to the successful stable management of fish and game in my State. This Federal regulation also under-mines subsistence. In Alaska, ‘‘subsist-ence’’ isn’t just a word, a catch phrase, or a slogan. It is not what people do for the benefit of tourism. It is critical. The public participation element is critical to the healthy management of fish and game, and it also enables the professionals to learn from the people— particularly the Native people in my State—what we call traditional knowl-edge in Alaska. As I mentioned, ‘‘sub-sistence’’ in my State isn’t just a catch phrase or a slogan. Subsistence encom-passes the customary and traditional use of fish, wildlife, plant resources, preserving cultural traditions, sup-plying basic necessities such as food, firewood, and clothing. It provides for barter, trade, and income for subsist-ence in the cash-based rural economy. It is serious business in my State. Sub-sistence in Alaska is life, literally, and it has been so for thousands of years. In so many of my State’s villages, there is no grocery store, there is no Costco, there is no Whole Foods market. If one doesn’t get a moose in the fall or have enough salmon in the summer that someone catches, they might have trouble surviving in the winter. This is serious business. In other places in Alaska, where we do have small grocery stores, the costs are often more than twice to four times the national average for basic neces-sities. President Obama, when he vis-ited Alaska in 2015, went out to the rural communities, and once he saw it, he understood this. When he came to Alaska, he said, ‘‘You’re looking at prices that are double, in some cases, or even higher for basic necessities like milk, like orange juice, like other produce. . . . That’s part of the reason why the subsistence economy [in Alas-ka] is so important.’’ This is the former President of the United States making this comment. One wonders why this Fish and Wild-life Service then issued a reg that at-tacked subsistence. But to be honest, most Americans and certainly most Senators do not fully understand this. Again, due to the tenacity of Alaska’s congressional delegation—former Sen-ators, such as Ted Stevens, and current Members, such as D
ONYOUNG in the House—Federal law recognizes the im-portance of subsistence in Alaska. The protection of subsistence rights in ANILCA and other Federal legisla-tion is listed throughout our Federal laws. Specifically, ANILCA states: 
The opportunity for rural residents en-gaged in a subsistence way of life must con-tinue to be so. 
It further goes on to state that the Federal Government’s actions in Alas-ka should have ‘‘the least adverse im-pact possible on rural residents who de-pend on subsistence uses of the re-sources of such lands.’’ This issue of subsistence is important to thousands of my constituents. It is not a theoretical issue, it is critical, but it is now more important to the Alaska Native populations in my State, which is close to 20 percent of my State. In 2014, the Alaska Federation of Na-tives ratified a resolution that criti-cized a proposal from the Federal Gov-ernment that was similar to the one we are debating today, and they stated the following in their resolution: Alaska Natives have served as the stewards of their traditional lands and resources, maintaining healthy and productive eco-systems for thousands of years, and main-tain the belief that human beings are an in-tegral part of naturally functioning eco-systems, not separate from them. 
That is what all Alaskans believe. Yet, despite Federal laws that empha-size the importance of subsistence to all Alaskans and pleas and letters from hundreds of Alaska Natives who ask the Federal Government not to nega-tively impact their subsistence way of life and opportunities with this new Fish and Wildlife Service regulation, the Fish and Wildlife Service persisted. They promulgated this regulation in the face of opposing voices in Alaska and Federal law that says they do not have the authority to do this. You know it is targeted for subsist-ence because in the Fish and Wildlife Service’s initial rule, that rule stated that the law and the policy had to ‘‘take into consideration the fact that humans are dependent on wildlife ref-uge subsistence resources.’’ That was the original draft rule. Subsistence matters. That was in there, a nod to Federal law. Guess what happened with the final rule? That entire section on subsistence was removed by the Fed-eral Government, which showed that this law is an anti-subsistence law, which violates Federal law. They did not want Alaskans to subsist off their lands as required by Federal law. Alaska’s attorney general, Jahna Lindemuth, who was appointed by an Independent Governor from my State, said: 
These federal regulations are not about . . . protecting the State’s wildlife numbers. These regulations are about the federal gov-ernment trying to control Alaskans’ way of life. 
Hunting is a way of life in Alaska. The Presiding Officer is a hunter and understands that it is cultural and that it provides subsistence and even pro-tection for our citizens. Let’s be clear. The Fish and Wildlife regulation at issue today, which we are debating, is an anti-hunting rule, pure and simple. That this is the case be-came very clear when the former Fish and Wildlife Service Director, Dan Ashe, who promulgated this regulation, questioned the ethics of our hunters in Alaska in a Huffington Post column. He said that some of Alaska’s practices are ‘‘wholly at odds with America’s long tradition of ethical, sportsman-like, fair-chase hunting.’’ That is from the former Fish and Wildlife Service Director. One knows where he is com-ing from on this. Along these lines, I anticipate some of my colleagues on the other side of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.014 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1866 March 21, 2017 
the aisle—I see one of them down here already—are going to come down and start touting this parade of horribles, spurred on by anti-hunting groups to convince our colleagues to vote against this resolution of disapproval—what we want to have passed. You might hear phrases from them like Alaska’s prac-tices constitute a ‘‘war on wolves’’ or a ‘‘black eye for ethical hunters,’’ with the implication that my constituents are not ethical hunters. One might even see my colleagues repeat the false and misleading claims that have been run on TV by certain groups about al-leged unethical hunting and game man-agement practices in Alaska. I would like to make a suggestion or two to my colleagues who are coming down here to speak against this resolution of dis-approval. First, please let them try to do so with a sense of humility and a sense of history. Yes, one or two of them may have been accomplished hunters in their own right or are still accom-plished hunters in their own right. I re-spect that. I love to hunt. But that does not mean one has as much or any knowledge or understanding of my State’s long history and distinguished record of fish and game management. One might prefer his meat wrapped in cellophane at the grocery store. That is fine, but I ask that one doesn’t criti-cize the thousands of Alaskans who have to hunt for their food and who value hunting as a deep part of their culture. I would also caution one from mak-ing claims that Alaska’s wildlife offi-cials allow for unethical hunting and management practices that require the Federal Government to intervene in my State’s long history of distin-guished fish and game management. Such an argument would be at odds with the consistent and numerous awards the State of Alaska has re-ceived for its outstanding management of fish and game year after year after year—American Fishery Society awards, awards from the Department of the Interior, the Wildlife Society, and the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies. Those who manage wildlife in Alaska are the best in their field. It is not just Alaskans who take issue or who will take issue with such state-ments that I am sure we are going to hear on the floor. Let me read a list of hunting and conservation groups that support this resolution of disapproval, groups that, in other words, support the overturning of the Fish and Wildlife rule at issue today. It is a very long list, and it is actually longer than this: Ducks Un-limited, National Wild Turkey Federa-tion, Pheasants Forever, Quail For-ever, Boone and Crockett Club, Con-gressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, Delta Waterfowl Foundation, Alaska Outdoor Council, Alaska Professional Hunters Association, American Out-fitter and Guide Association, Terri-torial Sportsmen, National Rifle Asso-ciation, Safari Club International. The list goes on and on. These groups represent millions of hunters, conservationists, wildlife en-thusiasts, and wildlife scientists who represent millions of Americans who are focused on the model of conserva-tion that we all are supportive of, and they are the backbone of habitat and species conservation in our country. These groups—every one of them—are supportive of what we are trying to do on the Senate floor today. These groups certainly do not consider them-selves unethical hunters. To the con-trary, they care deeply about conserva-tion and abundant wildlife populations not only for themselves but for the generations of Americans to come, and they have dedicated their lives to this. They represent Americans from across the 50 States—Montana, West Virginia, New Mexico, New Jersey. Their values, like the values held by Alaskans with regard to conservation and hunting, should not be doubted and I certainly hope are not going to be attacked on the Senate floor. In closing, I believe in respectful and informed debate. Sometimes it cer-tainly requires reaching beyond one’s own experience to listen to others with opposing views. I took the opportunity to do that just the other day. I had a conversation with the president and CEO of the Humane Society about the issue and resolutions we are discussing today. I know that he and others are leading the opposition to this, but we had a very respectful conversation. We heard each other’s views, and although we likely will not agree on this issue, I hope he felt that I talked to him with respect and listened to him because that is what I did. Perhaps my colleagues who are going to speak against this resolution today should do the same. I would hope that those who come down to the floor to oppose overturning this rule would have picked up the phone and maybe called Alaska’s Department of Fish and Game, or talked to a biologist there, or maybe talked to the chairman of the Board of Game and asked if he is an ethical hunter, or maybe called a store in remote Alaska to ask about food prices, or made some inquiries about the lack of stores in dozens of villages that rely on subsistence, or called an Alaska Native leader to see how impor-tant subsistence is to his life and his culture. Maybe my colleagues would have called one of my constituents who wrote in opposing this rule. He is an Alaska Native who lives in rural Alas-ka and whose grandfather taught him to hunt and fish. Here is what he wrote to us: 
Please do not pass these types of regula-tions that will change my future. These lands are dear to Alaska Natives, and I feel that some of the Fish and Wildlife workers are biased as well as listening to the wrong people. By the ‘‘wrong people,’’ I mean Fish and Wildlife officials who do not understand my subsistence rights, who do not work in the villages, who want to take away my right to hunt. 
This is about the rule of law, pri-macy, federalism, and it is about much more than that; it is about real peo-ple—people like my constituents. I urge my colleagues to support our resolution of disapproval and rescind this regulation that violates the law, undermines subsistence in Alaska, and will do harm to my State and other States. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I come to the floor to oppose this effort by my good colleague from Alaska and by congressional Republicans to, in my view, turn back the clock 100 years on the management of our native wildlife on our national wildlife refuges in Alaska. Since 2002, the Alaska Department of Fish and Game has embraced what some have called a politically driven and even unscientific regime of inten-sive predator control. I think it is help-ful to look at the views of a former Governor of Alaska, Tony Knowles, who recently commented in High Coun-try News: The most disappointing thing is that the balance of the views on the Board of Game has disappeared. I tried to work with a bal-anced board that reflected subsistence hunt-ers, sport hunters, guides and conservation-ists, but now the board is made up of people who want to make hunting ungulates the priority for wildlife management. There’s been a focused effort to dramati-cally reduce populations of wolves, coyotes, and bears, and the methods and means they’ve used are both unscientific and uneth-ical. 
That is not my quote, but that of former Governor Tony Knowles of Alaska. In addition, in the past decade, the Alaska Board of Game and the depart-ment have turned their back, I think, on a long history of not only working together between Federal and State agencies but embracing ethics as cen-tral to wildlife management—not just to maintain the viability of that man-agement but to maintain the support of the public for that management. This relatively new approach that ac-tively seeks to eschew the long history of embracing sporting ethics can best be summed up by a quote from Doug Vincent-Land, the former director of the Alaska Department of Fish and Game Division of Wildlife Conserva-tion. He said: ‘‘The professionals at the Alaska Department of Fish and Game did not feel it was our role to judge the ethics of these practices.’’ The result of this ethics-free ap-proach is now glaringly obvious, when considering some of the methods of take that have been approved over time for native predators in Alaska. Shooting mother grizzlies with cubs, aerial gunning of wolves, killing wolf pups in their dens, using spotlights at bear dens, baiting of bears, and allow-ing the wanton waste of black bear meat are a few of the practices that Alaska’s Board of Game has approved. Aldo Leopold, the father of modern wildlife conservation, once said: ‘‘Eth-ical behavior is doing the right thing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.016 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1867 March 21, 2017 
when no one else is watching—even when doing the wrong thing is legal.’’ Now, I know it has become fashion-able in some hunting circles recently to ignore the importance of ethics to our way of life. Yet, if our greatest leaders are any indication, that is, at best, a slippery slope to irrelevance. This cartoon is a good reminder. It is from the early 20th century, at a time when President Teddy Roosevelt was invited down to Mississippi for a black bear hunt. When he wasn’t successful, they tied a black bear to a tree. I think that cartoon from that period is a good reminder of how T.R. viewed the im-portance of sportsmanship and ethics in hunting as central to what main-tains our credibility. Today, politicians jump at the chance to embrace his rep-utation, but too often they have not followed his example. So while shoot-ing down grizzlies with cubs may be legal, I suspect the public will never view it as ethical. I have to wonder what good old T.R. would have to say about recent decisions to allow things like unlimited bag limits on black bear cubs or baiting of bears and shooting female grizzlies with cubs. So why does all of this ethics stuff matter so much to hunters? Why does it matter to me? It matters because hunters like me are a small minority of the population in this country. We are less than 5 percent, by most counts, and we are able to carry on this great tradition because the vast majority— the nonhunting public, which is 95 per-cent of the population—sees us as effec-tive and ethical stewards of our coun-try’s native wildlife. We have embraced the North American model of wildlife conservation that has literally brought elk, deer, wild turkey, and species we think of as common today—Canada geese, for example—back from the brink of extinction, and that public shares in that success when they enjoy wildlife. That is true, even if they never hunt, never pick up a fishing poll. We as hunters also have the trust and the respect of the public because we are willing to literally spend bil-lions of dollars of our own money to protect, conserve, and manage those resources with the best available science. The Alaska Game Board’s decision to ignore the latest science on the impor-tance of predators to healthy prey pop-ulations is indicative of a desire to ef-fectively turn caribou and moose popu-lations into livestock and to manage for maximum numbers and maximum tag revenue. Now, ironically, that approach has certainly been ineffective at boosting and maintaining historically high car-ibou and moose numbers. This is an example of a graph of moose population over time. We can see back in 2002, when these sorts of in-tensive take measures went into place: intensive predator control, preintensive management, and postintensive management. If you can discern a consistent correlation of an outcome of higher moose numbers there, you are doing better than I. This would all be fine if this was just happening on State lands in Alaska, perchance. But, unfortunately, the Alaska Game Board now seeks to sup-press healthy predator populations on our national wildlife refuges—the very places set aside to protect and preserve our native wildlife—even predators, even black bears and grizzlies and wolves. Let that sink in for a moment. This is about embracing unscientific wildlife management on the very ref-uges that belong to each and every American citizen—not Alaska State land but our national wildlife refuges. People save up for years—sometimes decades—to travel thousands of miles to go to places like the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge so they can see a griz-zly bear fish for salmon. Does it make sense to allow these kinds of extreme measures of take to allow for grizzlies with cubs to be killed in those refuges? Will these policies actually benefit the hunting public? I would argue that they do not. Not one of my colleagues can deny how much I love to hunt and fish. Many of my life’s best memories have been forged around the campfire with my friends and family at elk camp. Just this past Christmas break, both of my boys joined me for what would be my son Carter’s very first elk hunt. This is the picture of us in the Conti-nental Divide Wilderness Study Area. After days of hard hunting, hiking miles through the rough and tumble backcountry of the Continental Divide WSA, my son Carter harvested his first elk. He soon learned that the real work starts after you pull the trigger. He la-bored long and hard to make sure that every scrap of meat from that animal made its way from the wilderness to our freezer. Anything less would be un-ethical and disrespectful to that mag-nificent animal. My son takes great pride in the meals that elk provides for our family and our friends. He also knows that hunting is conservation and that we have a responsibility to hand these wildlife resources off to the next generation unimpaired. I am proud that even at 13 he takes that re-sponsibility very seriously. Some of my son’s classmates in school are vegetarians. Too many of those who do eat meat think that it is created, as my colleague from Alaska said, on a Styrofoam platter wrapped in cellophane. Carter knows better. As someone who hunts and fully embraces the ideas of sustainability and ethics, the next generation of sports men and women couldn’t have a better ambas-sador to this new generation of millennials for why hunting is actually critical to the future of wildlife. That, my friends, is what this CRA before us, in my view, puts at risk. When you vote to put the Federal stamp of approval on methods of take that the public views as objection-able—even unethical—when you allow that ideologically driven style of game management to even permeate the sanctity of our national wildlife ref-uges, I don’t think that is standing up for hunters. I fear that it is endan-gering the future of something that is critical to culture and way of life. As I said before, the number of active hunters in the United States today sits, I think, at around 5 percent, or maybe a little lower—I hope not. By voting for this CRA, we are risking the confidence of the general public in our ability as hunters to be the best stew-ards of our wildlife resources. That is a risk that I am not willing to take. So I would urge all of my colleagues to stand up for our Nation’s wildlife, to stand up for our national wildlife ref-uges, and to vote no on this proposal. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, there have now been two speakers on the floor this afternoon speaking to H.J. Res. 69, which is the disapproval resolution on Alaska fish and wildlife refuge rule. I have come today to speak in strong support of this resolution, which will effectively overturn a rule imposed by the previous administra-tion related to fish and wildlife man-agement on millions of acres of refuge land in the State of Alaska. I would like to start my comments by acknowledging Senator S
ULLIVAN , for his lead on this initiative, and Con-gressman Y
OUNG , as he moved this measure through the House just a cou-ple of weeks ago. What we saw in the House measure and the final vote was a bipartisan vote that secured passage through the House, and I thank Con-gressman Y
OUNG for his able leadership there. I also want to thank Senator S
UL-
LIVAN for his comments and for really doing an excellent job in outlining and explaining why this Fish and Wildlife Service rule is bad for Alaska, bad for hunters, bad for our Native peoples, and bad for America. Like my friend and colleague, I am here to encourage Members of the Sen-ate to see this rule for what it really is. It is a clear departure from Federal law. It is unwarranted regulatory over-reach, and, from all accounts, it is a di-rect attack on States’ rights. Now, we will have discussion back and forth on the floor about various hunting practices, and we will see beautiful shots of wildlife and sugges-tions that, somehow or other, this is about a specific hunting practice. This is bigger than wildlife refuges in the State of Alaska. This is an issue that is not just isolated or contained in the State of Alaska. This resolution is spe-cific to Alaska, but I would suggest to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.017 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1868 March 21, 2017 
my colleagues that for all of those of us who care about States’ rights, who care about the promises made to our States about how they operate and how they manage activities in their States, this is something that we must all pay attention to because this is a direct at-tack on States’ rights. I look at this and suggest that this rule is a solution in search of a prob-lem. Again, there are those who would say: Why is the Senate spending 10 hours to debate practices within a ref-uge in the State of Alaska? Is this not just so parochial an issue that it ought not take our time? However, I would contend that this foreshadows what is in store for the rest of the country if we are not adamant in ensuring that this rule be repealed by Congress. Now, for those who may not be famil-iar with Alaska or gaming manage-ment laws within our State or within our national wildlife refuges in gen-eral, I think it is important to cover some basic facts and perhaps a little bit of history here to illustrate why this rule is so flawed. Alaska, like every other State in the Nation, holds primary legal authority to manage its fish and its wildlife, including on Fed-eral refuge lands. So let’s not get confused here and think that because we have Federal lands, somehow or other the States do not have primacy when it comes to management of fish and wildlife. Alas-ka holds legal authority to manage the fish and wildlife within its borders. This is clear. This is unambiguous. Congress explicitly provided that au-thority specifically to our State in not one, not two, but three separate laws. The first of these is the Alaska State-hood Act; then the Alaska National In-terest Lands Conservation Act— ANILCA; and the third authority was through the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act. In three separate authorities, Congress made it clear: Alaska, you are to manage the fish and wildlife within your borders. Our Statehood Act gave Alaska the right to manage its fish and its wildlife as soon as the State could assemble a department of fish and game, which we actually did in our first year of State-hood. Then, in 1980, ANILCA, the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conserva-tion Act, affirmed twice that nothing within its text was ‘‘intended to en-large or diminish the authority of the State of Alaska for management of fish and wildlife on the public lands.’’ Again, it is very clear, not only with-in the Statehood Act, but within ANILCA, that management would be left with the State. The authority to manage our fish and our wildlife— through decisions based on sound science and that make sense for our local communities—is something that we in Alaska take very, very seriously. For us, State management of fish and wildlife is practically sacrosanct. I cannot emphasize that enough. It is one of the key reasons the State of Alaska voted to join the Union, so we have pretty good reason for the emo-tion and the passion that come with this authority to manage our fish and our wildlife. I am proud to acknowledge that not only am I the first Senator to serve in the Senate who was born in Alaska; I was actually born in the territory. My parents and my grandparents were en-gaged in the battle for Statehood. Some think it was about the land. For most of the discussion that I recall from my family, it was all about fish. It was all about the salmon. One of the reasons we fought for Statehood was management of our fisheries. The Fed-eral management of Alaska salmon fisheries prior to Statehood was abso-lutely appalling, with salmon stocks falling from 113 million in 1934 to just 25 million in 1959. We saw the manage-ment from the Federal side, and that experience left Alaskans absolutely committed to State management and the preservation of both fish and game, so we negotiated that for ourselves. We put it into law; we enshrined it into law in several different places. And we expect our Federal agencies to abide by that. Those were the terms of the deal when we entered the Union as a State: Alaska is to manage the fish and wild-life within our borders. It is our right and our responsibility, and we take that responsibility very seriously. We have an entire department of fish and game dedicated to it and, as Senator S
ULLIVAN rightly noted, a department that has been recognized for the good work they do, the strong science they utilize. We are proud of the efforts they make to ensure that this management is done for sustained yield, the prin-ciple we stand by in our State’s con-stitution. For decades now, we have done just that, until the National Park Service in 2015 and the Fish and Wild-life Service in 2016 took it upon them-selves to propose regulations to take control away from Alaska, despite what was contained in our Statehood agreement, in ANILCA, and in the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge Administration Act. The National Park Service’s rule is outside the reach of the Congressional Review Act. So while, in my view, that also deserves repeal, it is not the focus of our debate today. Instead, the reso-lution we are discussing focuses on the Fish and Wildlife Service rule that was finalized over the protests of Alaskans in August of last year. The rule itself was packaged perhaps innocently enough. The Fish and Wildlife Service spoke of clarifying ‘‘existing man-dates’’ for conservation and biological diversity, and the agency claimed it was outlawing a few methods of pred-ator control, couched its rule as a vic-tory for public participation, and then promised us that it did not change Fed-eral subsistence regulations or impose new regulations on subsistence users. On the face of it all, it sounded as though it was going to be not so bad— if you take the agency’s description at face value. Many who are outside of Alaska are looking at this and saying: Why are you making such a big deal about all of this? The Department of the Interior is just clarifying some hunting rules, so it can’t be that big of a deal. But the answer on that is: Wrong. This is a big deal. Some of our opponents will allege the repeal of this rule will legalize brutal predator-control practices. What the Senate should know is that it is al-ready illegal for hunters to use certain practices—gas against wolves, traps to harvest bears. You cannot do this on national wildlife refuges in Alaska. So those arguments are false and, unfortu-nately, serve mostly to distract from what this rule is really about. As I mentioned at the outset of my com-ments, what this is really about are the States’ rights, States’ authorities, and, effectively, States’ control. First and foremost, I am here to de-fend the rights of my home State and all of the States to manage fish and game within their boundaries. The game management rule severely erodes the authority of Alaska to make these decisions, and I think it sets a terrible precedent for the other 49 States. If you think, this rule is just about Alas-ka, that this is not something you need not worry yourself about—well you really actually ought to be worried. Es-pecially so if you have Federal lands within your State. Your State could be the next one where Fish and Wildlife Service comes in and says: No, it’s not going to be you, State, that has this management authority. We’re going to come in and tell you what can and can-not be done. The Fish and Wildlife Service freely admits its rule will impact 54 million acres of refuge land inside the State of Alaska. This is an area 10 times larger than the size of the State of Massachu-setts. This is not insignificant. Really, this is truly the camel’s nose under the tent. If Congress allows this rule to stand, it will effectively override U.S. Su-preme Court rulings from 1896 and 1979, which held that the States have the power to ‘‘protect and conserve wild animal life within their borders.’’ The States’ power in this area is subject only to specific Federal authorities ar-ticulated by Congress, such as the En-dangered Species Act and the Marine Mammal Protection Act. The precedent being set for Alaska— and every other State—should be suffi-cient reason for us to oppose this rule. But I also need to speak to some of the particulars included within it, espe-cially the Obama administration’s claim that it would not change or re-strict subsistence uses. This regulation made significant and substantive changes to regulations re-lated to the hunting of bears. While I realize that not everyone may agree with hunting, I urge you to listen to what my colleague from the State of Alaska said in his comments and what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.018 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1869 March 21, 2017 
he outlined in terms of subsistence to Alaska Natives, subsistence to those who are in areas so remote that ‘‘rural’’ is not even the right way to de-scribe it. We call it Bush Alaska. There are no stores, there is no Safeway, there is no Whole Foods, and there is no Stop-N-Go. There is no place where you can go to get your meat, to get your fish. In many areas there just isn’t even a store, much less a store where you can buy Hamburger Helper or whatever it is that you are going to provide for your family. That model just does not exist in certain parts of our State, so what the people who live there do is hunt. That is how they pro-vide for their families. They hunt and they fish and they gather. That is sub-sistence. That subsistence is not only nutritional sustenance, but for many, it is also their cultural identity, whether you are the ‘‘People of the Caribou,’’ the ‘‘People of the Whale,’’ or the ‘‘Salmon People.’’ The Native people who have been part of this cor-ner of the world for millennia relate to their food source, making sure that not only their traditional diets can con-tinue, but how they are able to prac-tice this subsistence lifestyle matters greatly. The regulation we are talking about today jeopardizes the ability of many of those Alaskans to sustainably har-vest wildlife, to hunt, to feed them-selves and their families. So when we think about the Alaska model of man-agement and how it works to achieve healthy populations, this rule we are dealing with right now upsets that bal-ance. It makes significant changes to the types of activities allowed when hunting bears without the support of the State or the traditional user groups. In updating regulations gov-erning public notice and participation, the rule eliminates tools and obliga-tions necessary for meaningful engage-ment with affected Alaskans. It cur-tails the use of local knowledge and in-sights for refuge management. It relies on an arbitrary and unscientific inter-pretation of the agency’s national bio-logical integrity, diversity, and envi-ronmental health policy. The sustainability of Alaska’s eco-system depends on good, sound man-agement—expert management—of fish and game populations. But under this regulation, well-established best prac-tices employed by wildlife management professionals are more vulnerable to what could be unscientific or certainly bureaucratic second-guessing. That has sweeping implications for wildlife pop-ulations and for those who depend on them. If left in place, this rule will be applied to the entire refuge system ei-ther unilaterally or through litigation, placing our Nation’s fishing and hunt-ing traditions at even greater risk. Those who actively participate in the sustainable management of our Na-tion’s fish and wildlife populations un-derstand the dangers presented by this rule, and they are overwhelmingly op-posed to it. Senator S
ULLIVAN men-tioned a list of the organizations that have voiced their support. I will not re-peat many of the names, but it in-cludes the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, which represents all 50 States. It includes subsistence users, guides, outfitters, tourists, hunters, anglers throughout the country, and dozens of conservation groups, from the Alaska Outdoor Council and the Alaska Professional Hunters Associa-tion to Ducks Unlimited, Safari Club International, the National Rifle Asso-ciation, and the Boone and Crockett Club. When you have a coalition that is this strong, that is this broad and yet united against a Federal rule, you know something went terribly awry with the regulation. I would encourage the Senate to see through some of what I consider to be misleading arguments that some of the outside groups are making against us and to really see this rule for what it is—that this Fish and Wildlife Service game management rule for Alaska ref-uges is the very definition of Federal overreach. It defies the will of Alas-kans, while disregarding sound sci-entific game management principles. It will result in less stable populations of fish and wildlife within our State. It will harm our subsistence users who hunt, not for sport but for their literal cultural sustenance, their nutritional sustenance, and, again, so much of their identity. I again want to thank those that have been leading on this issue. This is a bad rule that deserves repeal. I would encourage all of my colleagues to look carefully at this. Look carefully at this, not just as a rule that is parochial and limited to just Alaska alone, but look to it within the context of what this does and what it says when it comes to States’ rights and States’ ability to manage fish and wildlife within their own State borders. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. THE PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last Thursday the Trump administration submitted its first budget blueprint to Congress. The President called it ‘‘America First, A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again.’’ The title would seem like a ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’ skit if the topic were not so seri-ous. Like some of the President’s tweets, his budget is a hasty list of ap-pallingly unbalanced, shortsighted, and, I believe, politically driven prior-ities. He proposes to eliminate or dras-tically cut programs that benefit the middle class and safeguard its most vulnerable citizens, programs that pro-tect our environment, programs that promote our interests overseas but also security at home. Instead, he wants to spend billions upon billions of taxpayer dollars on a misguided wall along our southern border and increased spending for the Pentagon. He says his proposal causes ‘‘strength, security and resolve.’’ He couldn’t be more wrong. You don’t want to make America ‘‘great again’’ at the expense of middle-class families and the most vulnerable among us. We are not a ‘‘great’’ nation if we abandon our shared desire to cure cancer, the desire to bring an end to Alzheimer’s disease or diabetes. We don’t do that by slashing billions for the National Insti-tutes of Health. You can’t switch com-plex and promising medical research off and then say: Well, maybe someday later we will just turn it back on again. We are not a great nation if we elimi-nate heating assistance for the 6 mil-lion vulnerable households that receive LIHEAP. Some 21,000 of those house-holds just had to dig themselves out from a historic snowstorm in my State of Vermont. And we are not a ‘‘great’’ nation if we don’t protect the air we breathe and the water we drink. You don’t make America stronger by eliminating the very programs that strengthen our alliances around the world and make our Nation more se-cure. We are not a strong nation if we simply pour more money into the Pen-tagon but then renege on commitments to international peacekeeping and se-curity alliances or slash funding to re-spond to humanitarian crises or cut our diplomatic presence around the world. Interesting enough, when the other body spent millions of tax dollars to investigate a lack of security in Benghazi and came up with nothing, this budget slashes huge amounts that could be spent on security in our em-bassies, just as they voted to cut out hundreds of millions of dollars from a Senate budget that would have im-proved our security. The President says he prefers hard power to soft power, but it is not ei-ther/or. The notion that soft power is weak or wasteful is mindless. If you are cutting programs that feed millions or prevent AIDS or treat tuberculosis and malaria, well, that doesn’t help. It makes the world less stable, less se-cure. I am afraid the budget proposal is di-vorced from reality. It has a lot of par-tisan campaign promises. He promises infrastructure investment—and all of us would agree with that—but then it cuts critical Federal funds for proven successful State transportation projects. He claims it will save rural America, but he cuts those Federal programs that spur rural economic de-velopment. That is not a budget with vision. We need a serious budget proposal—a proposal that acknowledges the dev-astating effects the Budget Control Act and sequestration have had in our country and a budget that charts a path forward, rather than doubling down on further cuts on programs for the middle class. We need a budget pro-posal investing in our citizens and in our military, not a proposal that pays for one at the expense of the other. We have a lot of work to do. I am the vice chairman of the Senate Appropria-tions Committee. I would say we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.020 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1870 March 21, 2017 
to finish the fiscal year 2017 appropria-tions bills and then get to work on fis-cal year 2018. Anybody who has been a Governor of their State would recog-nize that because they know they have to do it in their State. We should do it for the United States. To accomplish that, we need a budget framework that respects the principles in the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015, including par-ity between the defense and nondefense spending and that, even though they might be politically popular, doesn’t have poison pill riders. We need relief from sequestration, not more mis-guided cuts. This budget proposal takes us back-ward, not forward. But we can remind ourselves that it is Congress that holds the power of the purse, not the Presi-dent. I have said that, whether we had Democratic or Republican Presidents. I take the responsibility seriously. I look forward to working across the aisle with colleagues both on and off the Appropriations Committee. I want to craft a responsible budget, a thoughtful budget, a serious budget— one that truly makes us a better and safer Nation and reflects the values we share as Americans. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the reso-lution which uses the Congressional Review Act process to overturn a Fish and Wildlife Service resolution prohib-iting certain inhumane methods of killing bears and wolves within the 16 national wildlife refuges in Alaska, which cover about 20 percent of the State of Alaska. I understand the opponents of the Fish and Wildlife Service rule argue that States’ rights issues are at hand, and they are responsible for the man-agement of fish and wildlife in the State. That is certainly true within the State, but on Federal national wildlife refuge land, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is in charge—just like at Mount Rainier or Olympic National Park, where the National Park Service is in charge. I am sure there are times when Pierce County or even Seattle would like to make rules related to Mount Rainier, but they are not al-lowed because it is part of our National Park System. Similarly, the Fish and Wildlife Service manages our national wildlife refuge system. The rules in this proposal only apply to those national wildlife refuge lands in Alaska. They don’t cover any other lands in the State. So this isn’t about States’ rights. It is about how we can manage these wildlife refuges to the degree that agencies believe are nec-essary for the preservation of the wild-life. Managing these national wildlife ref-uges—the 16 Federal refuges in Alas-ka—is about ensuring the management policies are consistent with the pur-pose of the wildlife refuge. It is not about prohibiting hunting. In fact, hunting has been allowed, and will con-tinue to be allowed within these ref-uges in Alaska, as is the case with most national wildlife refuges through-out the United States. As the Senator from New Mexico pointed out earlier, this is about what people want to see when they go to a national wildlife refuge. Do they want to see the inhumane killing of bear cubs in their den or would they like to see the bears and the other fish and wildlife activity that exists in so many of these beautiful areas? Another argument that has been raised is that this rule will stop Alas-kans from hunting for subsistence pur-poses—Native Alaskans who depend on subsistence hunting. The rule says nothing about this. It does not affect subsistence hunting. This rule is only about prohibiting certain methods of predator control in our wildlife refuges. Some people think this is contrary to responsible wildlife management prac-tices in other States. But this rule only applies to national wildlife refuges in the State of Alaska. The actions that Alaska has author-ized on their State lands are so aggres-sive, that permitting them on Federal wildlife refuge land would be counter to the purposes of these national wild-life refuges. I know one of my col-leagues was here citing what they think is already prohibited under state law, but the Alaska Administrative Code does allow for carbon monoxide cartridges to be used in humane euthanizing in these wolf dens and the killing of young animals. Mr. President, let me read from the relevant provision of the Alaska Code, which is 5 AAC 92.110, Control of Preda-tion by wolves. Subsection (h) states that ‘‘carbon monoxide cartridges may be used to humanely euthanize wolf young in the den in areas under a pre-dation control implementation plan.’’ The next subsection, subsection (i) states that ‘‘the killing of wolf young in the den, commonly known as ‘denning,’ is prohibited unless the com-mission authorizes the killing of wolf young in the den in areas under a pre-dation control implementation plan.’’ That is in the Alaska Administrative Code today, and it is something that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service does not want to see happen in national wildlife refuges. The killing methods authorized by the State of Alaska in-clude killing bear cubs or mothers with cubs, killing brown bears, including grizzly bears, using bait, killing brown bears using traps or snares, killing wolves or coyotes and their pups dur-ing the denning season, and shooting bears or wolves from aircraft or heli-copters, using the aircraft to track down the bears or wolves, then landing and shooting them. When you see the list of prohibited actions, you have to wonder why any-body would oppose this rule. Who is ad-vocating for the slaughtering of wolf pups or bear cubs in their dens, shoot-ing them from aircraft or using snares to catch them by their necks and kill them? I think my colleague from New Mexico had a picture of such an event. Who is advocating for this kind of method? This is why the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service policy makes sure that if predator controls used, that they are based on science and not these inhu-mane actions. The wildlife rule is not a case of regulating sportsmen for tradi-tional hunting practices, but it is mak-ing sure that they are doing so in a hu-mane way. The law requires that the Alaska wildlife refuges be managed to con-serve fish and wildlife populations in their natural diversity, but Alaska’s predator control practices are not con-sistent with that management require-ment. They are directly opposite to conserving the natural diversity and are instead promoting the wholesale killing of predator species. So that is why we oppose this override of the reg-ulation. I hope my colleagues will turn it down. If we want to make improvements to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service rule, we can do so by legislation, or by work-ing to change the rule. But by over-turning this rule, you are also prohib-iting the agency from fulfilling their job of protecting the wildlife refuge. I want to make sure that all our col-leagues understand that this is about protecting wildlife refuges in a humane way, allowing hunting practices, but doing so in a way that preserves the species. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose this outrageous resolution, which would overturn a Fish and Wild-life Service ecosystem management rule for the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge. This resolution is a cruel meas-ure that has horrified many of my con-stituents, and I share their strong op-position. The purpose of our National Wildlife Refuge System is to protect wildlife across the country. It does so by main-taining sustainable populations and balanced ecosystems. The Alaska Na-tional Wildlife Refuge is a stunning habitat that attracts hikers, fishers, hunters, and photographers to take in the beauty of the landscape and enjoy the wildlife there. The Fish and Wildlife Service rule simply codifies scientifically based wildlife management practices. It does not affect subsistence hunting by rural and Native Alaskans. By overturning this rule, Congress would permit extreme and cruel hunt-ing practices that include killing wolves and pups in their dens and trap-ping, baiting, and using airplanes to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.021 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1871 March 21, 2017 
scout and shoot bears and cubs. This so-called predator control is unneces-sary and indefensible. Most Alaskans oppose these extreme practices. The resolution of disapproval would impede the Federal Government’s ability to manage 76 million acres of public lands that Congress set aside for all Ameri-cans. The Fish and Wildlife Service is charged with balancing multiple needs in wildlife refuges and conserving nat-ural diversity. Overturning its rules to allow a small minority of hunters to use cruel and inhumane practices in a wildlife refuge is wrong. I oppose this resolution. Ms. CANTWELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator withhold her suggestion re-garding the absence of a quorum? Ms. CANTWELL. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Washington State for delaying the quorum call. I appreciate the opportunity to visit with you today and to share some of the conversations I had yesterday be-fore the Judiciary Committee in regard to the confirmation of a Coloradan, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who now serves on the Tenth Circuit Court, which is housed in Denver, CO. Yesterday began his confirmation hearing before the Senate—the first step in a process which will ultimately end in his confirmation as a Justice to the U.S. Supreme Court. It was a great honor to be able to introduce Judge Gorsuch to the committee. It is a tra-dition that Members of the Senate from the home State of the judge nomi-nated to serve on the High Court be al-lowed to introduce the nominee—in this case, a judge of the Tenth Circuit Court. I joined my Democratic col-league M
ICHAEL BENNET from Colorado in this tradition and am very excited to express my support for Judge Neil Gorsuch. I thought this afternoon I would share some of the comments I gave yes-terday before the committee. I will start by talking about Confluence Park in Denver, CO. In downtown Denver, if you look at Cherry Creek and the South Platte River, they join together. That is where the Colorado Gold Rush began. When it was first discovered, it started bringing people out to the West, out to Colorado, to a place now known as Con-fluence Park, where the two rivers come together. At Confluence Park in Denver, if you look, there is a plaque on one of the walls there that has a poem written on it from Colorado poet laureate Thomas Hornsby Ferril. It is a poem known as ‘‘Two Rivers’’ describing the settle-ment of the West. The poem ends with this: 
I wasn’t here, yet I remember them. That first night long ago, those wagon peo-ple Who pushed aside enough of the cotton-woods To build our city where the blueness rest-ed. ‘‘Where the optimistic blueness of our Colorado skies rests against the mountains and the plains’’ is a good de-scription of our great State. We are re-minded about how incredibly diverse our great Nation is, its people and its geography. Judge Gorsuch’s nomina-tion to the Supreme Court helps recog-nize the diversity in geography, the di-versity of our country, and it helps to recognize that indeed there are highly qualified jurists who reside west of the Mississippi River. Judge Gorsuch is a fourth-generation Coloradan. He is a skier. He is a fly- fisherman. He serves on a court that represents 20 percent of our Nation’s landmass. Once confirmed, Judge Gorsuch will be only the second Coloradan to have ever served on the Nation’s highest Court. The first Coloradan to serve on the High Court was Justice Byron White. Justice Byron White also led the NFL in rushing, which is some-thing Neil Gorsuch won’t be able to claim when he is confirmed but is cer-tainly something that makes his con-firmation as the second Coloradan unique in our history. Should he be confirmed, Judge Gorsuch will also make history as he represents the first Generation X Justice of the U.S. Su-preme Court, the emerging generation of American leadership. Judge Gorsuch was confirmed to the Tenth Circuit Court unanimously by voice vote in this Chamber in 2006. In fact, 12 current Democratic Senators did not oppose his confirmation, in-cluding three distinguished members of the Judiciary Committee. Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN , Senator L EAHY , and Senator D
URBIN are all members of the Judiciary Committee who sup-ported, through voice vote, his nomina-tion. Eleven years ago, Senator G
RA-
HAM presided over an empty committee dais as Neil Gorsuch faced his con-firmation in 2006. No one showed up. What a difference a court can make. The level of bipartisan support for his 2006 nomination is almost unheard of in today’s political climate, but when you look at his record, his writings, and his statements, it is easy to see why Judge Gorsuch has such over-whelming support. Judge Gorsuch is not an ideologue. He is a mainstream jurist who follows the law as written and doesn’t try to supplant it with his own personal pol-icy preferences. As he said, ‘‘Personal politics or policy preferences have no useful role in judging; regular and healthy doses of self-skepticism and humility about one’s own abilities and conclusions always do.’’ Judge Gorsuch is not an activist judge but, rather, a faithful adherent to and ardent defender of our Constitu-tion. Judge Gorsuch said that judges have a ‘‘foundational duty’’ to ‘‘do more than merely consider [the Con-stitution]. . . . They take an oath to uphold it.’’ The judge recognizes that the judici-ary is not the place for social or con-stitutional experimentation and that efforts to engage in such experimen-tation delegitimize the Court. As he said, ‘‘This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary. . . . As a society, we lose the benefit of the give-and-take of the political process and the flexi-bility of social experimentation that only the elected branches can provide.’’ Judge Gorsuch has a deep apprecia-tion and respect for the constitutional principle of federalism and the separa-tion of powers prescribed by our Founding Fathers. As he stated, ‘‘A firm and independent judiciary is crit-ical to a well-functioning democracy.’’ Judge Gorsuch understands the ad-vantage of democratic institutions and the special authority and legitimacy that come from the consent of the gov-erned. As he said, ‘‘Judges must allow the elected branches of government to flourish and citizens, through their elected representatives, to make laws appropriate to the facts and cir-cumstances of the day.’’ Judge Gorsuch appreciates the rule of law and respects the considered judgment of those who came before him. As he said, ‘‘A good judge will seek to honor precedent and strive to avoid its disparagement or displace-ment.’’ It is this appropriate temperament, this fidelity to the Constitution, this remarkable humility that has made Judge Gorsuch such a consensus pick among Colorado’s diverse legal and leg-islative communities. Former Colorado Senator, Democrat Ken Salazar, Secretary of the Interior under Barack Obama, in praising Judge Gorsuch’s temperament, said during his circuit court confirmation: [A] judicial nominee should have a dem-onstrated dedication to fairness, impar-tiality, precedent, and the avoidance of judi-cial activism—from both the left and the right. I believe that Mr. Gorsuch meets this very high test. 
A very prominent Colorado lawyer and former adviser to President Bill Clinton said: 
Judge Gorsuch’s intellect, energy, and deep regard for the Constitution are well known to those of us who have worked with him and have seen firsthand his commitment to basic principles. Above all, this independence, fair-ness, and impartiality are the hallmarks of his career and his well-earned reputation. 
Hundreds of prominent liberal and conservative Colorado attorneys sup-port Judge Gorsuch, writing this bipar-tisan letter of support praising the judge: 
We hold a diverse set of political views as Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. Many of us have been critical of actions taken by President Trump. Nonetheless, we all agree that Judge Gorsuch is exception-ally well qualified to join the Supreme Court. He deserves an up-or-down vote. 
The people who know him best in Colorado—they have worked with him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.007 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1872 March 21, 2017 
in the Tenth Circuit Court, and they have worked with him in private prac-tice—believe that he deserves an up-or- down vote, believe that he is exception-ally well qualified to join the Supreme Court. One of the individuals, one of the lawyers, one of the Democrats who signed that very letter, who wrote this phrase, was a Democrat who was the cochairman of the host committee for the Democratic National Convention in Denver in 2008 that saw the nomination of then-Senator Barack Obama to be the Democratic candidate for the 2008 ticket. Colorado’s former Democratic Gov-ernor Bill Ritter and former Repub-lican Attorney General John Suthers jointly said: 
It is time to use this confirmation process to examine and exalt the characteristics of a judge who demonstrates that he or she is scholarly, compassionate, committed to the law, and will function as part of a truly inde-pendent, apolitical judiciary. Judge Gorsuch fits that bill. 
Judge Gorsuch has a consistent record of applying the law fairly, and his reputation among his peers and lawmakers is evidence of it. According to the Denver Post, Marcy Glenn, a Denver attorney and Demo-crat, recalls two cases before Gorsuch in which she represented underdogs, and she said: ‘‘He issued a decision that most certainly focused on the little guy.’’ That same article cited another ex-ample. ‘‘Judge Gorsuch can’t be pi-geonholed as either pro-prosecution or pro-defense,’’ said Peter Krumholz, a Denver appellate attorney who re-viewed the nominee’s criminal law record. ‘‘He is very independent and will not hesitate to rule in favor of a criminal defendant’s rights when he thinks it’s warranted by the Constitu-tion.’’ For all these reasons cited today and the many reasons that have been cited over the past several weeks, I am cer-tain Judge Gorsuch will make Colorado proud and that his opinions will have a positive impact on this country for generations to come. I look forward to Judge Gorsuch re-ceiving a fair hearing today, tomorrow, and after that, to working with my dis-tinguished colleagues on both sides of the aisle to expeditiously confirm his nomination. Thomas Hornsby Ferril, a great poet laureate, wrote another poem. This one is memorialized on a mural painted in the rotunda of the Colorado capitol. It ends with these words: ‘‘Beyond the sundown is tomorrow’s wisdom. Today is going to be long, long ago.’’ The wisdom of Neil Gorsuch, guard-ian of the Constitution, will serve our Nation well for generations to come. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
REMEMBERING WARREN D . BLAYLOCK  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to Warren Blaylock, a friend and true public serv-ant who was a lifelong resident of Crawford County, AR. Warren was a World War II veteran and someone I ad-mired greatly for the vital role he played in his community for decades. Born in 1921, Warren grew up near Alma, AR, and knew the harsh realities that many Americans encountered dur-ing the Great Depression. He graduated from Alma High School and went on to join the Army during World War II. During the war, he served as a combat medic with the 67th Evacuation Hos-pital. His unit landed at Normandy just days after the Allied forces stormed the beaches on D-day and went on to follow the Allies as they marched through Europe. Warren was promoted to first sergeant while serving in Eu-rope, and he received several awards and commendations, including two Bronze Stars, the Superior Unit Award, and the Combat Medical Badge. I am so thankful for his service alongside so many others in the ‘‘greatest generation’’ as they risked their lives in the defense of freedom. Even after he left the service, Warren spent the rest of his life giving back to his community and advocating for causes he believed in. After returning home from the war, he attended the University of Arkansas and earned a bachelor’s degree in busi-ness. In his professional life, he was vice president and general manager of the Derrel Thomas Company in Van Buren, AR. Still, Warren found time to participate in numerous civic organiza-tions within the community. He was an active member of the Alma United Methodist Church for decades and served on the Methodist Health and Re-habilitation Board for 41 years. Addi-tionally, Warren served on various other boards and organizations and was a pillar in the community. Perhaps most notably, he was a member of the Rotary Club—first in Van Buren and then in Fort Smith—for 54 years and maintained perfect attendance. This is just one example of Warren’s dedica-tion to serving and giving back to Ar-kansas. While Warren never sought recogni-tion for the work he did on behalf of his community, his contributions were noticed and recognized by the city of Alma, as well as on the regional and State levels. He was inducted into the Arkansas Senior Hall of Fame in 2013. In 2015, I had the honor of participating in the ceremony where Warren was in-ducted into the Arkansas Military Hall of Fame on the basis of his honorable military service and exceptional State and community service. This was yet another reminder of how loved and val-ued Warren was by so many people whose lives he touched. As active as he was, Warren always enjoyed spending time on his ranch tending to his livestock. In fact, he was also a talented auctioneer who would lend his skills to various charitable auctions and events. A devoted follower of Christ, a won-derful father and family man, a re-spected humanitarian, and a rock with-in his community, Warren will be greatly missed by many. We wish his family, friends, and loved ones comfort as we all mourn his loss, but we also take great joy in knowing just how profound an impact Warren had on the lives of so many others. He leaves be-hind an incredible legacy of love, devo-tion, and service that will last for many years to come. I very much appreciate Warren’s service and even more his friendship, encouragement, and the amazing exam-ple he set. I will miss him and the vital role he played in his community and in Arkansas. He leaves a huge void that will be hard to fill, but I hope all those who witnessed his committed service to his fellow man will join me in re-solving to live and love more like War-ren as a way to honor him and his leg-acy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. TRUMPCARE  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we have seen TV clips about various Members and Senators around the country hav-ing townhall meetings. For example, three of our colleagues this past week-end—Indiana was one of them—had tre-mendous townhall meetings with a good exchange of information. With this looming House of Rep-resentatives healthcare bill, which I refer to as TrumpCare, since the Presi-dent has endorsed it, I wanted to see a particular group in our society who is extremely vulnerable and those are the older Americans who are not 65—not old enough to be eligible for Medicare. Now, be careful because there are peo-ple lurking in these halls and the ad-ministration who would like to raise Medicare eligibility from age 65 to 67. But that is not what is confronting the House of Representatives; it is what is going to happen to those people below the age of 65 for their healthcare. Under current law, once they hit 65, they are eligible for Medicare. I reached out to a particular group of Floridians. These are folks whom I did not know that our offices in Florida had become aware of because they had written about the healthcare debate that is going on and, in many cases, had described their circumstances. Yesterday, the group of 8 or 10 whom we had in my Orlando office were all in the age range of 50 to 64. I want to tell the Senate about this group of people because, if approved in its current form, the House healthcare bill, TrumpCare, would dramatically in-crease healthcare costs for folks in that age group, 50 to 64. Those are folks who either get their healthcare through expanded Medicaid or they get their health insurance through healthcare.gov, which is the exchange, whether it be on the State exchange or the Federal exchange because the State does not participate. According to the Congressional Budget Office, a 64-year- old making $26,500 could see their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.026 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1873 March 21, 2017 
healthcare costs go from $1,700 a year, which they pay now under the Afford-able Care Act, all the way up to $14,600 a year under the House plan, TrumpCare. That is a dramatic jump, obviously. Do we think that is really too much of an extreme example? I want to tell you what these people said. If you look at what the House is proposing, the dramatic rise in cost is due in large part to two provisions con-tained in the House bill, one that would allow insurers to charge older Americans up to five times as much as younger people; the second one caps the Federal tax credits meant to help seniors pay for the rising cost of health insurance. Federal tax credits is a fancy way of saying ‘‘subsidy.’’ So if you are a senior and you are above 138 percent of poverty, which for a single individual is approximately $16,000 a year—by the way, who making $16,000 a year can afford health insurance? That is why we need the remaining 19 States, my State of Florida included, to expand Medicaid up to that 138 per-cent of poverty. But if someone is be-tween that level and all the way up to 400 percent of the poverty level, which for a single individual is about $46,000, $47,000 a year—in that zone of 138 per-cent of poverty up to 400 percent of poverty, there are these tax credits or subsidies. The one with the lower in-come gets more of a subsidy in order to buy private health insurance on the private marketplace through the ex-change. As they get up to 400 percent, a person making $46,000 or $47,000 a year—can they really afford health in-surance? Not the real cost, unless it is some huge deductible plan that doesn’t give them much. That is why these folks need some assistance. That is in place. That is the law. That is the Af-fordable Care Act, which has been so maligned over the last several years. Aside from health insurance, there is the expansion of Medicaid that has helped a lot of people. There are still 4 million people in this country who would benefit if those 19 remaining States would expand Medicaid up to 138 percent. They are left in the cold. They are not getting health insurance; they are not getting healthcare. They are el-igible to have it, and the Federal money is there to draw down to enable them to have that Medicaid, but 19 States, including my State of Florida, have decided not to expand it. With all of that as background, I asked these folks to come in. Accord-ing to the AARP, there are millions of Floridians in that age group of 50 to 64 who currently receive Medicaid or tax credits to help them pay for the insur-ance through healthcare.gov; there are millions who are eligible. So the group came in, and here’s what I learned. I am going to give you some personal vi-gnettes. Marshall Stern is a 61-year-old heart transplant survivor who lives in Kis-simmee, FL. Marshall has had a serious heart condition since he was a young man. Three years ago, his condition worsened, and it resulted in several hospitalizations, after which he was told he would need a heart transplant. Since he is on full disability, he was told that he had to enroll in Medicaid or he would not be eligible for the transplant. Just the medication for the posttransplant operation costs around $100,000 a year, which, obviously, Mar-shall would not be able to afford with-out Medicaid coverage. He also is going to have to take this medication for the rest of his life if he is going to live. He worries that the House TrumpCare bill will turn Medicaid into a block grant program, which is a fancy way of say-ing: We are going to cut it off, and you are not going to get any more money, and you are going to have to finance it from your own State resources. Gov-ernors and State legislatures are going to have to share more of the burden of healthcare costs. He is worried that if that House bill passes and Medicaid is threatened as we know it, he is not going to be able to have the medica-tions he needs to stay alive. This is what Marshall told me, and it was very dramatic. He said: ‘‘It is as good as saying that I die.’’ For the rest of us who are not facing that, imagine having a fellow tell you that. This is serious business. Let me tell you about Susanna Per-kins. She is a 62-year-old living in Altamonte Springs. Susanna’s husband lost his job in 2009, and she lost her em-ployer-provided health plan during the recession. The couple blew through their IRA, and they ended up selling nearly everything they had. They eventually moved out of the country to save money, but in 2014, they decided to move back. Why? Be-cause the Affordable Care Act passed, and the ACA made it possible for them to afford health insurance again. This is what Susanna said: 
If they shred [the ACA] like they’re [threatening] to, we’re going to be high-tailing it out of here, because dealing with the health care [costs] and insurance makes you sick. We’re getting by, but if the ACA goes away, and if they make these changes they’re talking about, we’ll be uninsured again. 
I was going to show you a picture. These are the folks whom I met with yesterday. I will not point out the indi-viduals, and I am going to talk about some of the others, but you can see al-most everybody. There is one person who is outside the photograph. But we sat down for an hour’s conversation, and I heard their stories. I wish every Senator and every Mem-ber of Congress would go out and talk to people who are real people with real problems and understand how petrified they are. These folks look like our neighbors and our friends. They look like the people whom we go to church with. They look like the people who have children or grandchildren whom we play with, and they are petrified. They are scared to death that they are not going to have healthcare. So let me tell you about another one of these ladies. Terri Falbo is a 59-year- old living in the Orlando area. She moved to Florida back in 2012 to take care of her elderly mother and disabled sister. For 25 years she had good health insurance through her employer where she lived up north, and she rarely used health insurance. After losing her job in 2006, as we went into the beginnings of the recession, she purchased an indi-vidual insurance policy that cost her $500 to $650 a month. Prior to the ACA, she had to make withdrawals from her retirement account. She had to max out her credit cards to pay for the pre-miums. As a result, she depleted all of her reserves and all of her retirement funds. Since the Affordable Care Act was implemented, she has had an af-fordable policy because she qualifies for the monthly subsidy of over $600, bringing her premium payments to $70 a month with a zero deductible. She could have gotten a policy with a $5,000 deductible for $3 a month. At her age, she needed assurance that she would be able to have the healthcare she needed, so she paid $70 a month because of the subsidy. Yet that is not what is pro-tecting her in the House TrumpCare bill. Under that proposed healthcare plan, her maximum subsidy would be less than $300 a month, which means she would end up paying $4,000 more per year—an amount that she simply can-not afford. That is what she told me: ‘‘I cannot afford it.’’ She said she would have to go without health insurance in-stead. Before the ACA, she was des-perately trying to have health insur-ance, and she depleted all of her retire-ment funds. There is another lady who is sitting around that table in the picture I showed, Nancy Walker. She is a 51- year-old self-employed actor who is liv-ing in Kissimmee. She is active. She is healthy. She chose to pursue a career in the arts. The unstable nature of her profession has often left her unable to afford health insurance. So she has gone without it most of her adult life as an artist, as a performer. Since the ACA took effect, however, she has, finally, been able to afford health insurance, thanks to the sub-sidies. She told me that it has been a relief for her to be able to go to the doctor not only for checkups but, actu-ally, when she has a problem, to fix it. If Congress passes the House TrumpCare bill, her premiums are going to go up. She has no doubt that she will, once again, be unable to afford health insurance and healthcare. She told me that she fears simple health issues will fester, becoming serious, chronic, and expensive to treat. Re-member, I said they were petrified— that they were scared to death. There is an example. Finally, she has health insurance after all of these years of going without because she did not have an employer who paid for her. Let’s take another one. Marilyn Word is a 63-year-old retiree living in Orlando. Marilyn lives mainly off of Social Security payments but is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.028 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1874 March 21, 2017 
old enough to qualify for Medicare. She is under that magic year of age 65, at which one is eligible. After retiring, Marilyn enrolled in an insurance plan through the ACA ex-change, and she is eligible for annual tax credits to help her pay for her in-surance. Marilyn told me that she was extremely worried about the increased premiums that she would likely have to pay under the House TrumpCare plan. I will give you another example of a lady who is sitting around that table. Sharon Brown is a 58-year-old widow. She lives in the Orlando area. Since her husband’s death, Sharon has been deal-ing with several medical issues and pulling money out of her retirement account to pay for her current plan. She has a nest egg from her husband’s life insurance money, but due to her health condition, she will likely need long-term medical care. This is what she told me: 
My premium’s pretty high because I’ve got multiple medical conditions that make it so I cannot work. I’ve done a lot of reading on this . . . and the cost of my healthcare [under the TrumpCare plan] will amount to double what I make right now in income. 
She looked at me with this pained ex-pression on her face and said: ‘‘It’s very scary, and the anxiety that goes along with this happening right now is mak-ing it worse.’’ Sharon told me that she is a lifelong registered Republican—she volunteered this—and she said that the bill being considered now is forcing her to recon-sider her party. She said: 
I’m changing my political affiliation to independent. I want to vote my conscience. 
When one puts faces to these sto-ries—to these people about whom I have just talked and about whom we just talked yesterday—the House TrumpCare plan ends Medicaid as we know it because it cuts off the amount going to the States. I understand that in the House, in trying to fix up some things just last night, they filed an amendment in an attempt to address some of the prob-lems. One of the things they were try-ing to fix would allow States to choose between capping or block-granting the Medicaid Program. Under either pro-posal, the Federal Government is going to be contributing less to the States, and that means more money will have to be picked up—the tab—by the States. Just ask the Governors how much more they can pick up. I urge our House and Senate col-leagues to join all of these people whom I have talked about and vote as Sharon said—with their consciences on what they are going to do to folks like them. Gutting Medicaid and forcing struggling, older Americans to pay more for health insurance is simply not the right thing to do. For a change, we ought to be trying to do the right thing. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The majority whip. REPEALING AND REPLACING OBAMACARE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I came to speak on the nomination of Neil Gorsuch as Associate Justice for the United States Supreme Court, but in listening to my colleague from Florida, I feel like I am missing something be-cause he has described the Affordable Care Act in a way that I do not recog-nize, and he has talked about a bill that has not even passed the House of Representatives as a fait accompli. ObamaCare was sold under false pre-tenses. The President himself said: If you like what you have, you can keep it. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Oh, yes, by the way, a family of four will see a reduction of its premiums by $2,500. None of those have proven to be true. So we are going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. I have to tell my friend from Florida to please join us. If he does not like the product that is working its way through Congress, please join us and help us make it better because, right now, all I see from our Democratic friends is sort of like a Pontius Pilate moment—a washing of their hands and letting the Republicans alone do the heavy lifting. We invite them to work with us in a bipartisan way, which is something that did not happen, by the way, in ObamaCare, which was passed on a purely party-line vote, and I think it has proven to be a terrible mistake. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, will the Senator yield since he has invoked my name? Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I will yield for a question, but I will not yield the floor. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I do not intend for the Senator to yield the floor, and he is my friend. The Senator started out by saying he was missing something. Yes, he missed the first part of my speech, during which I talked about these folks in the age category of 50 to 64, who are not el-igible for Medicare. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I will yield for a question but not for a speech. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I am about to ask the question. I want to introduce the Senator to these people in that age group of 50 to 64. In fact, they told me stories that had them scared to death. Would the Senator believe that they believe that they are going to lose cov-erage? Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I say to my friend from Florida that I think there has been a lot of false advertising and scaremongering taking place around the country in trying to con-vince people that, somehow, they are going to lose their coverage, which is not the case. We believe we can do better than ObamaCare, which has created a one- size-fits-all healthcare package and has basically denied people the right to choose the kind of coverage that suits them best at a price they can afford. In Texas alone, a person making about $25,000 a year could spend up to 30 percent of his gross income under ObamaCare. That is a young person, and it is no surprise that many of them have opted out of ObamaCare and sim-ply decided either to pay the penalty or to just become noncompliant because it is unaffordable. I am sympathetic, certainly, to the genuine concerns of anybody in one’s getting appropriate healthcare cov-erage, but I sure hope people do not succumb to the scaremongering taking place in parts of the country that tells people they are going to be left high and dry. For example, my friend and colleague said that Medicare was going to be gut-ted under the House bill. That is not true. Right now, Medicaid is an un-capped entitlement. It is one of the fastest growing sources of Federal Gov-ernment spending. The bill in the House proposes not to cut it but to re-strain its rate of growth. Right now, it is the third largest budget item in the Texas budget. My friends in the Texas Legislature tell me that it crowds out all other spending, including edu-cation, law enforcement, and other things—that it just eats up so much money because it is uncapped. What we would propose to do is to leave Med-icaid at the current levels but then make sure that it grows according to the Consumer Price Index—and a rath-er generous one—in medical inflation. I will say what I said earlier, which is that I do not recognize the bill that my friend from Florida has described. If the House did not pass a bill and if the Senate did not pass a bill, we would still be here, talking about the melt-down of the Affordable Care Act be-cause many insurance companies have simply pulled out of the marketplace. Many people do not have choices. They are forced to deal with, perhaps, the one remaining health insurance com-pany, and in some places they are going to have all insurance companies pull out of the individual market. I yield for one more question, and then I really need to get to my speech. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Texas, and he knows my affection for him. The Senator has stated that he would like, in a bipartisan way, to fix the cur-rent law. Would the Senator believe, if there were a genuine, bipartisan at-tempt to fix what needs fixing instead of repealing and replacing it with something that has people petrified, that he could find that bipartisan con-sensus? Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would welcome that any day and every day. The only way we get things done around here in any sort of durable fash-ion is on a bipartisan basis. But so far, I have seen zero indication from our friends across the aisle that they are interested in working with us. I hope that is a misunderstanding on my part, and I hope going forward we will be able to come up with some bipartisan bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.030 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1875 March 21, 2017 
The truth is that, given the con-straints of the budget process, we are not going to be able to do everything we want to do in this bill that is going to pass the House on Thursday and which we will take up here in the Sen-ate next week. So there is going to be a necessity to do some more, and I hope we can do that on a bipartisan basis. We also know that the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Dr. Tom Price, is working from a regulatory standpoint to try to do everything he can to stabilize the insurance market and to make sure that people continue to have some choices. I think this is fundamentally a test of our principles regarding whether we actually believe in more choices and competition, and my firm conviction is choices and competition improve the quality of a service and the quality of a product. That is really one of the foundational principles upon which our economy is based. I think it also works in healthcare, but we haven’t had that since ObamaCare passed. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. President, I want to speak a lit-tle bit about the important hearing on the judicial nomination of Judge Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court that is taking place in the Senate Judi-ciary Committee even as we speak. We know that President Trump nom-inated Judge Gorsuch at the end of January to a seat left vacant by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Jus-tice Scalia was a lion of American law. He was bigger than life. His intellect, his writing, and his wit inspired a lot of young lawyers and not-so-young lawyers and judges and law students over the past decades, and reminded us that judges have a distinct and special and important role in our system of government, but it is decidedly not to be a legislator or a policymaker be-cause they are ill-suited for doing that. First of all, Federal judges are ap-pointed for life. Judges are not sup-posed to take public opinion polls to figure out how to rule in a case. I asked Judge Gorsuch today: Is it proper for a judge to decide in a case in front of him or her who he or she thinks should win and then try to work backward to justify it in a judge’s deci-sion? He said: Well, it is actually just the opposite. What you try to do is to take the facts and the law and you apply them and you respect the outcome, even if sometimes it is not an outcome you would prefer if it were a matter of your personal preference. What he described, really, is called the rule of law, which has distin-guished the United States of America from most of the rest of the world and which has given us our competitive ad-vantage. When people know that we are going to have a legal system that doesn’t depend on personalities, doesn’t depend on politics, but rather on a written law or Constitution, then peo-ple can take confidence in their invest-ments, in their plans, and our economy has been the winner. There is a Peruvian economist who wrote a book called ‘‘The Mystery of Capital.’’ I will just summarize, brief-ly. I was intrigued by the book and by his thesis. Basically, his argument is the United States is no more entrepre-neurial than other parts of the world, but what distinguishes us from much of the rest of the world is what I just said a moment ago: It is the rule of law. For example, if you buy a house and get a title to that house, then you have a legal right to it, and you can defend it against all other claimants or people who might try to say: No, that is really my house. I know that sounds so basic, and we take it for granted, but it really does distinguish our country from oth-ers, where the law is really not about law, but it is about politics. It is about who is in power. Well, our laws are de-signed to protect people who are not in power, including people in political mi-norities. I think the greatest legacy of Justice Scalia was a strong belief that the words in the Constitution and laws passed by the Congress matter. He be-lieved judges should apply those texts and not just pronounce their policy preferences in deciding cases. He un-derstood, as I do, that a careful adher-ence to text ultimately protects our democracy, which is the intention of our Founding Fathers. I have spent time, like many of my colleagues, talking about the type of judge we need to fill this vacancy— someone who understands the lessons that Justice Scalia taught us—and will apply them faithfully, without regard to persons or personalities or politics. I believe there is no question that Judge Gorsuch is the man for the task. I am confident that the hearings this week will make that clear to the rest of America. It is interesting to listen to some of my colleagues on the Judiciary Com-mittee who want to talk about every-thing other than Judge Gorsuch and his qualifications. They want to talk about President Trump. They want to talk about abortion. They want to talk about same-sex marriage. They want to try to get Judge Gorsuch to prejudge some future case that may come before the U.S. Supreme Court. Well, no judge worthy of that title will tell anybody: Well, if you confirm me as a judge, I promise you this outcome. That is a violation of the most fundamental eth-ics of a judge, because a judge is not, again, a policymaker, a judge is not a politician; judges aren’t about out-comes, but rather a commitment to the rule of law and due process of law in reaching their decisions. So far, in almost two days in the Ju-diciary Committee, I think Judge Gorsuch has performed admirably and demonstrated no reason why our col-leagues across the aisle can’t support him. As a matter of fact, my view is that if you can’t vote for somebody like Judge Gorsuch, there is probably nobody that would be nominated by this President that you would vote to confirm. It is hard for me to imagine the nomination getting much better. We have already learned a lot about the judge. We know of his intellect. We know of his sterling qualifications and his extensive experience. I particularly appreciated his testimony today about access to justice and his concern that people of modest means—low income, the so-called little guy that our friends across the aisle keep talking about. The little guy in America is essentially denied access to our courts because it costs so much and it takes too long, and there have to be mechanisms in place for us to resolve our differences that everybody has access to or else the statement carved in the marble over the U.S. Supreme Court that says ‘‘equal justice under law’’ is just a pa-thetic joke. So we have a lot to do in terms of providing access to justice. I think somebody with Judge Gorsuch’s back-ground—someone who actually has practiced the law and who has rep-resented clients in court and who has been thoughtful about this and so many other topics—is just the type of person that can help us get our legal system back on track, so that saying, that model, ‘‘equal justice under law,’’ is a reality. We know that Judge Gorsuch has spent a decade on the bench and about 10 years in private practice, and he has also worked at the Department of Jus-tice. Like Justice Scalia, he is a stead-fast believer in the Constitution laws and that they should be interpreted based on their text; that is, what they actually say. I asked Judge Gorsuch today: If you don’t believe that you ought to inter-pret the law based on what the law ac-tually says, what would you use as your guide? If you are not going to in-terpret the Constitution based on what the Constitution says, what are you going to use as your guide? Well, some of our friends would talk about a living Constitution or judges knowing better than perhaps the elect-ed representatives of the people. To me, that is just misguided. Judges are not philosopher kings or queens. Judges, as I said at the outset, hold a very important but finite role in our system of government. It is our job as the legislature to make the policy. It is the executive—the President’s job—to execute the policy. And if we don’t like the law, then it is our job to change it, not to look to the Court to say: I am going to let the Congress off the hook, and we are just going to write an opin-ion and render a judgment that changes the law under the guise of ac-tually judging, actually engaging in more policymaking. Well, the great thing about somebody like Judge Gorsuch is that the people who admire him also include people who differ from him politically but have seen him in action—people like the former Solicitor General under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.032 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1876 March 21, 2017 
President Obama, who said he is ‘‘one of the most thoughtful and brilliant judges to have served our nation over the last century,’’ and someone who ‘‘has always put aside his personal views to serve the rule of law.’’ In other words, Judge Gorsuch is the type of judge that we should all be able to get behind, and he is exactly the kind of nominee we would hope to see from any administration. That is why he was previously confirmed by the U.S. Senate 10 years ago when he was nominated to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver. He was confirmed by voice vote. For people who may not be familiar with the practices of the Senate, that essentially is by unani-mous consent, by unanimous agree-ment, including the Democratic leader, the Senator from New York, Mr. S
CHU-
MER. He thought Judge Gorsuch was good enough for the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. I would challenge him to identify a reason why he is not well suited for the United States Su-preme Court, unless it is based on some political calculation. As the Judiciary Committee this week considers his nomination, I want to make crystal clear the purpose of the hearing. It is not about pinning the nominee down or asking trick ques-tions or asking the judge to prejudge cases that might come before the Court. We know there have been out-side special interest groups who have criticized Judge Gorsuch for failing to rule in favor of one sympathetic con-stituency or another, but, again, that is not what judges do—or what they are supposed to do. Are they really sup-posed to find the most sympathetic party to a lawsuit and say: I am going to decide that case for them, and I will figure out the justification for it later. That is not what judges are supposed to do. Judges are supposed to apply the law impartially and fairly and decide the facts and apply the law and render judgments on cases or controversies that become before the court, not write policy at large. So I think some of these attacks are pretty silly, but they also are a re-minder of the importance of these hearings because I really believe this is one of those opportunities to help ac-quaint millions more Americans with our unique founding story and the unique nature of our Constitution and our Nation of laws. I see my friend from Tennessee here. I remember something he told me once about telling his constituents that one of the important functions of the Sen-ate was to remind people what it means to be an American. Well, being an American means believing in the rule of law and equal justice for all. I will close on this because I see my friend from Tennessee here waiting to speak. This is another kind of an inter-esting statistic I found pretty amazing, and the Presiding Officer, a distin-guished lawyer in his own right, can marvel at this as I do. Judge Gorsuch is no radical. He fol-lows the law wherever it leads: some-times for the police, sometimes for a criminal defendant; sometimes for the government, sometimes against the government. That is the way the rule of law works. He noted that about 97 percent of the thousands of cases he has decided have been unanimously. As the Presiding Officer knows, the circuit court sits in three-judge panels. The idea that 97 percent of the cases he de-cided were decided unanimously is pretty remarkable, and he sided with the majority 99 percent of the time. This is nobody out of the mainstream. This is a mainstream judge. So let’s be honest and open about it. I hope our colleagues across the aisle, after this nominee is voted out of the Judiciary Committee, will allow us to have an up-or-down vote on this nomi-nation. It wasn’t until the Presidency of George W. Bush in 2000 that some-how the tradition of allowing an up-or- down vote for nominees went out the window and instead some people got to-gether and decided, well, we are going to come up with a rationale to raise the threshold to 60. In other words, a President won’t be able to see his nominee confirmed unless not just a majority votes for it but 60 people vote for it in the Senate because of the Sen-ate’s rules on cloture closing off de-bate. That period of our history during the George W. Bush administration was an aberration, and I would hope no one would want to repeat that—again, po-liticizing the judicial nomination proc-ess. People can vote any way they want, but denying the opportunity for the Senate to vote up or down on a nomi-nee, particularly to the U.S. Supreme Court, is certainly not a road I would hope our colleagues would go down. As they presumably learned this year, after Senator Harry Reid, the Demo-cratic leader, led his conference into the nuclear option, which basically changed the Senate rules by breaking the Senate rules—that is what allowed us to confirm the President’s Cabinet with 51 votes, and that is what will allow us to confirm all lower court ju-dicial nominees with 51 votes. So we would think they might have learned the lesson that what goes around comes around and that while you are in the minority one day, you might be in the majority in the not too distant fu-ture. What you force the Senate to do in order to do its job may end up biting you in the future. So I hope they seri-ously consider allowing Judge Gorsuch an up-or-down vote when his nomina-tion comes to the floor sometime around or after April 3. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, later today the Senate will vote on H.J. Res. 69, and I am here to state as strongly and emphatically as possible my opposition to this misguided and unwise measure. As a Senator who fights to preserve and protect the vast diversity of Amer-ican wildlife and honor the natural beauty of our Nation’s great refuges, I urge my colleagues to reject the effort to revoke a commonsense rule of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. This rule of the FWS is designed to prevent the use of cruel, unsporting, and inhu-mane killing methods on Federal land. It is really that simple, and repeal of it is an outrage. Proponents of H.J. Res. 69 have at-tempted to frame this debate as an ef-fort by the Federal Government to usurp State power, but that argument is simply absurd. The rule at issue is about Federal management of Federal land, Federal control over land owned by the Federal Government, pure and simple. The rule, which took effect in September, does not restrict subsist-ence hunting or normal hunting prac-tices. It does not imperil public safety or impede on defense of property. It simply prevents brutal, cruel, barbaric hunting methods that target vulner-able bears, wolves, and coyote from oc-curring on lands that were intended to provide refuge for these animals. ‘‘Ref-uge’’ is the key word. This resolution subverts the judg-ment of professional wildlife managers to adopt sensible wildlife management actions that are based on the best available science. If the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service rule is undermined, any State would be permitted to allow egregious killing methods on these wildlife refuges, which is the one cat-egory of Federal lands specifically set aside to benefit wildlife. That is its sin-gular purpose. I will oppose this legislation because I believe in preserving our Nation’s natural ecosystem and the constitu-tional responsibility of the Federal Government to manage Federal lands for all citizens and prevent the inhu-mane treatment of our Nation’s most iconic wildlife. This rule bans the killing of wolves and their pups at their den sites in springtime when they are most vulner-able. It bans the killing of sleeping black bear mothers and their cubs while they are hibernating in winter— not exactly fair sport and certainly damaging to our environment. The rule also bans the baiting of grizzly bears, which involves the use of toxic, rotting food or grease to lure and acclimate bears to a certain area so that trophy hunters can get a point-blank shot. It prohibits the use of traps such as steel- jawed traps or snares, which cause ani-mals to suffer injury as they fight the trap or even slow and painful death from starvation or exposure. It pro-hibits using airplanes and helicopters to scout, land, and shoot brown or black bears. These practices are not only cruel and inhumane, they are really unsporting and have no place in a civilized society. This resolution would foreclose our wildlife managers from making Federal wildlife management decisions. It will undoubtedly affect the future of all American wildlife, including regulating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.034 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1877 March 21, 2017 
inhumane practices on Alaska national wildlife refuges even though those practices may be recognized as cruel and unsustainable. All in all, voiding the U.S. Fish and Wildlife rule would set a dangerous precedent for the management of pub-lic lands across the country. Time and time again, our Federal courts have held that the Federal Government has the authority to regulate wildlife on Federal lands and cannot be superseded by initiatives at the State level. This Federal rule explicitly prohibits only these particularly gruesome and egre-gious methods of hunting or other kinds of practices on national wildlife refuges. It does not apply to hunting in State-owned wilderness or to rural Alaskan practices for residents who hunt for subsistence. Regardless of my colleagues’ claims, there is not a Tenth Amendment issue here, and the case law clearly dem-onstrates it, from the Supreme Court decision in 1976 that held that ‘‘the Property Clause also gives Congress the power to protect wildlife on public lands, state law notwithstanding’’; the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which followed it; and just last year, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, which repeated the Supreme Court’s well-es-tablished jurisprudence on the suprem-acy clause and the property clause. Neither the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act nor the Alaska Statehood Act grants any State official the power to overrule these Federal land managers’ decisions. Putting aside the legal issues—and there are none that really argue in favor of sabotaging this Fish and Wild-life Service rule—it is the right thing to do for us and for our future. This legislation would essentially reject our authority and our responsibility and our obligation to future generations to promote humane wildlife management practices. It is not only a matter of our law but who we are and what kind of society we believe we should have. I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing this abhorrent and appalling legislation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, President Trump’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be a member of the U.S. Supreme Court is being con-sidered this week in the Senate Judici-ary Committee. Soon, the nomination is likely to move to the floor for de-bate. Some have suggested that instead of allowing a majority of Senators to de-cide whether to approve the nomina-tion of Judge Gorsuch, there should be first a cloture vote to determine whether to cut off debate. Cutting off debate requires the approval of 60 Sen-ators, so if 41 of the 46 Democratic Sen-ators vote not to cut off debate, there would never be an up-or-down majority vote to approve Judge Gorsuch. In other words, the 41 Democratic Sen-ators would have filibustered to death the Gorsuch nomination. Filibustering to death the Gorsuch nomination—or any Presidential nomi-nation, for that matter—flies in the face of 230 years of Senate tradition. Throughout the Senate’s history, ap-proval of even the most controversial Presidential nominations has required only a majority vote. For example, in 1991 President George H.W. Bush nomi-nated Clarence Thomas to be an Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court. The debate was bitter. The Senate con-firmed Judge Thomas narrowly, 52 to 48. Although the Senate rules allowed any Senator to try to filibuster the nomination to death, none did. In fact, Senate rules have always allowed Sen-ators the option to filibuster to death a Presidential nomination; yet it has al-most never happened. According to the former Senate Historian, with one pos-sible exception, which I will mention in a minute, the number of Supreme Court Justices in our country’s history who have been denied their seat by fili-buster is zero. The number of Cabinet members in our country’s history who have been denied their seats by fili-buster is zero. The number of Federal district judges in our country’s history who have been denied their seats by fil-ibuster is zero. And until 2003, the num-ber of Federal circuit judges in our country’s history who have been denied their seats by filibuster was zero. Senator Everett Dirksen did not fili-buster President Lyndon Johnson’s Presidential nominations. Senator Robert Byrd did not filibuster Presi-dent Reagan’s nominees. Senator How-ard Baker did not filibuster President Carter’s nominees. Senator Bob Dole did not filibuster President Clinton’s nominees. During most of the 20th cen-tury, when one party controlled the White House and the Senate 70 percent of the time, the minority never filibus-tered to death a single Presidential nominee. On the other hand, there have been plenty of filibusters on legislation—so many that in 1917, the Senate adopted a cloture rule as a way to end filibus-ters. The rule was amended in 1949, 1959, 1975, 1979, and 1986—always in re-sponse to filibusters on legislation, never on nominations. It was the 1975 change that established the current cloture standard of 60 votes to end de-bate except on amendments to the standing rules of the Senate. Filibustering a Presidential nomina-tion has always been treated dif-ferently than filibustering a legislative matter. The filibuster of legislation is perhaps the Senate’s most famous characteristic. It has been called ‘‘de-mocracy’s finest show, the right to talk your head off.’’ As the actor Jimmy Stewart said in the movie ‘‘Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,’’ ‘‘Wild horses aren’t going to drag me off this floor until those people have heard ev-erything I’ve got to say, even if it takes all winter.’’ That was Jimmy Stewart in ‘‘Mr. Smith Goes to Wash-ington.’’ The late Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia described the impor-tance of the legislative filibuster in a different way. He said in his last speech: Our Founding Fathers intended the Senate to be a continuing body that allows for open and unlimited debate and the protection of minority rights. Senators have understood this since the Senate first convened. 
In fact, the whole idea of the Senate is not to have majority rule on legisla-tion. Throughout Senate history, the purpose of the legislative filibuster has been to force consensus on issues, to force there to be a group of Senators on either side who have to respect one an-other’s views so they work together and produce 60 votes on important matters, as we did on the 21st Century Cures bill and as we did on the bill fix-ing No Child Left Behind. Nominations have always been treat-ed differently from legislation. For ex-ample, under rule XIV, any Senator could bring legislation directly to the calendar bypassing committees. There is no such power for nominations. Sen-ate rules allow debate and therefore the possibility of filibuster on a motion to proceed to legislation. Debate is not allowed on a motion to proceed to nominations. In summary, while Senate rules have always allowed extended debate or fili-busters, the filibuster was never used to block a nomination until recently. As I mentioned earlier, it was never used to block a Cabinet nomination, never used to block a Federal district judge, and until 2003, never used to block a circuit judge, and never used to block a Supreme Court Justice in the country’s history, with one possible ex-ception. That was in 1968, when Presi-dent Johnson sought to elevate Asso-ciate Justice Abe Fortas to be Chief Justice. When it became clear the Sen-ate majority wouldn’t agree, Johnson engineered a 45-to-43 cloture vote so forces could save face and appear to have won something. Fortas then asked the President to withdraw the nomination. Other than the Fortas nomination, the filibuster was never used to block any judicial nomination until 2003 and 2004, when Democrats decided to use the 60-vote cloture requirement to block 10 of President George W. Bush’s nominations. This unprecedented ac-tion produced a threat by Republicans to change the Senate rules, to make it clear that only a majority vote is re-quired to approve a Presidential nomi-nation. There was a negotiation and eventually five of Bush’s nominations were approved, five were blocked and the rules were not changed. Then, in 2011 and 2013, Republicans returned the favor—as often happens around here— by seeking to block 5 of President Obama’s nominees for the circuit court by insisting on a 60-vote cloture for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.036 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1878 March 21, 2017 
each. Republicans alleged that Presi-dent Obama was trying to pack the cir-cuit court in the District of Columbia with three liberal judges. To overcome Republican objections, Democrats invoked the so-called nu-clear option. They broke the Senate rules to change the Senate rules. The new rule eliminated the possibility of 60-vote cloture motions for all Presi-dential nominees except for the Su-preme Court. That is where we stand today. There have been other examples of minority Senators filibustering nominations to death, all of them during the last three administrations and all involving sub- Cabinet nominations. Of course, there have been delays in considering nomi-nations. My own nomination in 1991 as U.S. Education Secretary was delayed 51 days by Democratic Senators. Of course, I thought unnecessarily. President Reagan’s nomination of Ed Meese as Attorney General of the United States was delayed a year by a Democratic Senate. No one has ever disputed our right in the Senate, re-gardless of who is in charge, to use our constitutional duty of advice and con-sent to delay and examine and some-times cause nominations to be with-drawn or even to defeat nominees by a majority vote. As we approach a vote on Judge Gorsuch on the floor of the Senate, it is useful to remember that the tradi-tion of the United States Senate, for 230 years, has been to treat legislative matters and nominations differently. Filibuster to death legislation, yes. Filibuster to death Presidential nomi-nations? No. Should the Gorsuch nomi-nation come to the floor soon, as I be-lieve it will, overwhelming Senate tra-dition requires that whether to approve it should be decided by a majority vote of Senators, and there should be no at-tempt by the minority to filibuster the nomination to death. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Senator from New Jer-sey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise to join my voice with a growing chorus of citizens, as well as members of the sci-entific community and colleagues, who are deeply disturbed by this CRA to re-peal vital wildlife protections from Federal land in Alaska. Before I speak on this CRA, I would like to be clear that I am not someone who believes all regulations are good. In fact, I don’t believe we should be trying to regulate our way out of all of our problems. I am proud of the work I have done, with people on both sides of the aisle, in an effort to make our gov-ernment work smarter and more effi-ciently for the benefit of my constitu-ents in New Jersey, as well as all Americans, but today I am profoundly disappointed. Instead of working to create bipar-tisan policies that will serve all Ameri-cans, we are now considering a CRA resolution—unfortunately, one of many ones of this type—that prioritizes spe-cial interests above the good of the public, and it is deeply unpopular, in fact, with the public at large. I oppose this CRA that would repeal the U.S. Fish and Wildlife’s rule called the non-subsistence take of wildlife on national wildlife refuges in Alaska rule. The rule was finalized by the Fish and Wildlife Service in August of 2016, with the clear goal to forever ban un-necessary and extremely cruel methods of killing bears and wolves and other animals on more than 70 million acres of public land managed under our Fed-eral National Wildlife Refuge System in Alaska. Let’s be clear. When it says the word ‘‘take’’—that it prevents the ‘‘take’’ of wildlife—that means the killing of wildlife. Specifically, the rule prevents inhumane killing of animals on our wildlife refuges. Examples of the rule are: prohibits the killing of mother bears and their cubs. It prevents the killing of wolves and pups in their dens. It prohibits using planes to track and kill bears. It prohibits using snares to strangle and kill bears, steel traps to kill bears, and it prohibits baiting and killing of griz-zly bears. Why was this rule issued by the Fish and Wildlife Service in the first place? Our national wildlife refuges are public lands that exist for the benefit of all Americans. Refuge lands are managed by the Fish and Wildlife Service for the express purpose of conserving natural diversity in wildlife populations. This means that any management activity that favors certain species over others is inconsistent with the goals of the National Wildlife Refuge. It doesn’t mean that hunting is not allowed on Federal land. Hunting is one of many permitted practices on wildlife refuges, and this rule does not prevent hunting on any wildlife refuge. What is permitted on refuges under this law is the indiscriminate killing of bears and wolves in an attempt to boost populations of moose and car-ibou. Unfortunately, this is exactly how Alaska has been managing its wildlife since 1994 on State and private lands, when it adopted an intensive manage-ment strategy for its wildlife that is specifically designed to artificially re-duce populations of predators so hunt-ers might have more prey, more ani-mals to kill. In Alaska, the Fish and Wildlife Service and the State work together to manage wildlife within the National Wildlife Refuge System. However, when any State’s wildlife management approach is in direct conflict with the goals of the refuge system, the Federal Government has the authority—indeed the obligation—to step in and ban cer-tain practices. This is exactly what the Fish and Wildlife did last year when they issued their rule prohibiting this inhumane killing method on 16 Federal national wildlife refuges in Alaska. It is important to note that the pred-ator control practices I have described, some of which are currently allowed on certain State and private lands in Alas-ka, have never been allowed on na-tional wildlife refuges in Alaska. This rule simply clarifies that these prac-tices—even those explicitly authorized under State regulations in Alaska—are never to be used on Federal wildlife lands in Alaska, regardless of what is decided to be allowed under this State law. I have heard concerns from my col-leagues in Alaska that they believe the Fish and Wildlife Service rule triggers a State sovereignty issue by dictating which practices can and cannot be used on Federal refuge lands in Alaska. However, I don’t believe this rule con-flicts with any of Alaska’s State sov-ereignty. The Fish and Wildlife Service has clear statutory and constitutional authority to prohibit wildlife manage-ment practices that are incompatible with the objectives of national wildlife refuges in Alaska, as well as other States, including New Jersey. I have also heard the concerns of my Alaska colleagues that this rule threatens the many Alaskans who rely on subsistence, hunting of deer, moose, and caribou, to feed themselves and their families. I have sympathy for that concern and believe again that this subsistence hunting is not af-fected. We know these predator control prac-tices have never been done on Alaskan refuges before. This argument makes no sense. It is not affecting the subsist-ence hunting of deer and moose and caribou for them to feed their families. It has never been allowed to go on in the first place. How can these practices be necessary to preserve subsistence hunting when they have never been done before on Federal wildlife refuges? I want to be clear about something. Alaska is free to manage its wildlife on State lands and private lands however Alaska chooses. This point is not up for debate, not up for discussion. It is not the subject of the Fish and Wildlife Services rule in question. The rule only applies to federally owned and feder-ally managed wildlife refuge land, which must be managed for the benefit of the American public, including the requirement to manage for national di-versity of wildlife. As former Fish and Wildlife Director Dan Ashe announced in a press release in August, ‘‘Whenever possible, we pre-fer to defer to the State of Alaska on regulation of general hunting and trap-ping of wildlife on national wildlife ref-uges unless by doing so we are out of compliance with Federal law and pol-icy. This regulation ensures that we comply with our mandates and obliga-tions.’’ Let’s move beyond talk of mandates and obligations. The hunting practices banned by this rule are flatout inhu-mane. They are an anathema to the type of thoughtful, humane wildlife management that should be taking place on national wildlife refuges. In a committee hearing, I asked man-agement experts about this rule last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.038 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1879 March 21, 2017 
week, and they agree that these prac-tices were not necessary on wildlife ref-uges. In fact, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Acting Director Jim Kurth— who was the former manager for many years of the Arctic Wildlife Refuge in Northern Alaska—testified that the service did not find that the practice prohibited by this rule was in any way necessary. Another witness, Brian Nesvik, Chief Game Warden with the Wyoming Game and Fish Department—again, a Repub-lican-invited witness—testified that Wyoming has a different perspective on utilizing national wildlife refuges in their State. The practices discussed in this rule, he said, are not used in Wyo-ming’s wildlife refuges, nor did he make an appeal to use these inhumane practices because they are not nec-essary. Killing a mother bear or moth-er wolf when she has young cubs vir-tually guarantees that those cubs will not survive, creating the potential for much broader negative impacts on the overall population. The baiting of grizzly bears, which involves putting piles of food out to at-tract bears in unusually high numbers at the start of hunting season, is lit-erally akin to shooting fish in a barrel. Bear baiting often occurs when bears are desperately searching for those extra calories to store energy for hiber-nation. It is an inhumane practice and is recognized so by many experts. The use of aircraft hunting—using a plane to track wild animals and then landing to kill them—violates the prin-ciple of fair chase in every sense of the word. In fact, killing wolves from air-craft or on the same day that air travel occurred was already prohibited on ref-uge lands prior to this new rule being issued. The new rule merely extends that same protection to bears. Finally, the use of snares—these are these choking traps—and steel traps to kill the bear is a practice that is par-ticularly troubling, and I am not alone. A statewide poll of Alaskans them-selves shows that nearly 60 percent of Alaskans oppose trapping and snaring bears in their State. Charles Darwin called the leghold trap one of the cruelest devices ever in-vented by man, stating: 
Few men could endure to watch for five minutes an animal struggling in a trap with a torn limb. Some who reflect upon this subject for the first time will wonder how such cruelty can have been permitted to continue in these days of civilisation. 
That was Charles Darwin decades and decades ago in 1863. I echo that again today, more than 150 years later. Such cruelty should not be permitted on Federal wildlife refuges of all places, and the Fish and Wildlife Service was absolutely right to permanently pro-tect bears from such cruelty on Alas-ka’s wildlife refuges. I would like to take a few more mo-ments to talk about the animals that are subject to this rule. Grizzly bears and wolves are the top predators in North America. Predators in any eco-system play a critical role in maintain-ing populations and in preventing prob-lems like we have actually seen in New Jersey by the overgrazing and disease that can occur when deer, moose, and caribou grow in high numbers. These charismatic animals also at-tract huge numbers of tourists to na-tional parks, refuges, and other wild lands in the United States. All across the country, nearly 72 million Ameri-cans spend over $50 billion on wildlife watching. In Alaska, wildlife watchers out-number hunters by nearly five to one, and they also contribute more than four times as much money to the State’s economy as hunting does. Put another way, even considering the issue from an economic perspective, these animals are worth far more alive than they are dead, killed by these sav-age inhumane practices. There are few values as deeply en-trenched in the American culture as conservation. This legacy is our Amer-ican heritage, and the coexistence of people, wildlife, and wild lands remains a key objective for our public lands today. Americans interact with nature in many different ways on public lands, some through consumption uses, like hunting and fishing, and others through more hands-off activities, like camping and wildlife watching. No sin-gle use is more important and more valuable than another. So public lands should be managed in a way that mini-mizes conflict across those different uses while allowing for natural diver-sity. The Fish and Wildlife Service rule does just that. Our wildlife refuges are not game parks, and they should not be managed as though they are. The cruel practices this rule pro-hibits—killing mother animals and their babies and the trapping, snaring, baiting, and aerial hunting of bears— are practices that I believe do not align with who we are as a country. They are practices that have no place on our na-tional wildlife refuges in Alaska or any other State. I want to close with something that my friend Senator HEINRICH already mentioned. Many people know that Teddy Roosevelt was an avid hunter, a naturalist, a wildlife enthusiast. When he was President, Roosevelt went on a bear hunting trip in Mississippi. Roo-sevelt’s hunting party cornered a Lou-isiana black bear. They tied it to a wil-low tree and suggested the President shoot it. Viewing this as an extremely un-sportsmanlike way to kill a bear, Roo-sevelt refused to do it. A political car-toonist heard the story and drew a car-toon that celebrated President Roo-sevelt’s decision. A Brooklyn candy shop owner saw the cartoon and de-cided to create a stuffed toy bear and dedicated it to the President, who re-fused to engage in this kind of inhu-mane hunting of a bear. He called it a ‘‘Teddy bear’’ or ‘‘Teddy’s bear,’’ and little children for generations have been loving them ever since. Teddy Roosevelt knew that using certain methods to kill animals was immoral and wrong. We know this too. With all of the issues going on right now—from healthcare to tax and all of the issues and urgencies, such as infra-structure—why are we about to con-sider a CRA that would literally, on our Federal lands, allow the cruelest types of killing to go on of bears and wolves and their pups in dens. Why, with all that is going on, would we, as Americans, violate our culture and history by allowing the most inhu-mane, cruel killing practices to go on? Why, with all that we have to do, are we going to allow this to happen? Well, I will not support it, and I stand against it. Our national wildlife refuges—our refuges for wildlife—have never allowed these cruel practices, and we should not start now. We should not CRA this rule. I stand strong and firm in honor of our tradi-tions and stand against this CRA. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, today I rise to speak in support of the Presi-dent’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who, right now, is about two-thirds through his second day of hearings—better described perhaps as a grilling. Simply put, I think the President made an extraordinary selection. Cur-rently, Judge Gorsuch serves on the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, which includes my home State of Kan-sas. Our State has seen firsthand how Judge Gorsuch interprets the law. He has had an outstanding judicial record while serving on the court. What is more, he is highly respected and sup-ported by individuals in the judicial community who align on all sides of the political spectrum—except, inexplicably, the U.S. Senate. Judge Gorsuch’s qualifications are not only noteworthy but extremely im-pressive. He graduated from Columbia University and Harvard Law School. He received a doctorate in legal philos-ophy from Oxford, as a recipient of the Marshall Scholarship, one of the most prestigious scholars programs in the country. He has litigation experience from his time as a law partner, and he has clerked for not one but two Su-preme Court Justices. Examining his record during his time on the Tenth Circuit gives us some in-sight into the judge’s approach to in-terpreting the law. When we read his opinions, we know he is a judge who follows the law, applying the text of the Constitution and statutes impar-tially. Of primordial importance to this body is his critique of the execu-tive branch’s tendency to assume the roles of the judicial and legislative branches. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.039 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1880 March 21, 2017 
No matter which political party con-trols the executive branch, this body— the Senate of the United States—must protect its ability to legislate and cre-ate laws. The Founding Fathers in-tended for the separation of powers to remain inviolate. Judge Gorsuch understands the role of the judicial branch and the signifi-cance of maintaining that balance of power. He has made it absolutely clear that he will not legislate from the bench. I repeat. He has made it clear that he will not legislate from the bench. That might just be the problem for those who would like to vote for a judge who would legislate from the bench. I, along with many of my colleagues here in the Senate today, confirmed Judge Gorsuch over 10 years ago. Judge Gorsuch’s record was so noncontrover-sial, the Senate unanimously supported his nomination. That includes the mi-nority leader, Senator S
CHUMER , and then-Senators Obama, Clinton, and Biden. I repeat. Judge Gorsuch has received support from across the entire political spectrum. His judicial record over the past 10 years has made him even more deserving of the Senate’s full support. The American people went to the polls in November, knowing the next President would have the distinct honor of nominating the next Supreme Court Justice. The American people have spoken. As the Senate, it is now our responsibility to see through this nomination and appoint the judge to the High Court. The Wall Street Journal summed up what is happening within its editorial page today in pointing out that Sen-ators want Judge Gorsuch to declare how he would vote in specific areas of the law—questions that every Supreme Court nominee declines to answer. Quoting from the editorial: ‘‘At the 1967 hearings for Thurgood Marshall, then-Senator Edward Kennedy called it a sound legal precedent that any nomi-nee for the Supreme Court would have to defer any comments on any matters which are either before the court or very likely to appear before the court.’’ The Journal’s editorial went on to say that in the 1993 confirmation hearings, Judge Ruth Bader Ginsburg empha-sized: ‘‘A judge sworn to decide impar-tially can offer no forecast, no hints; for that would show not only disregard for the specifics of the particular case, it would also display disdain for the en-tire judicial process.’’ I regret to say that profound advice apparently does not apply today. One of my colleagues serving on the Judiciary Committee pretty well summed up the dilemma we have in the Senate when he said to the judge: ‘‘If you fail to be explicit and forthcoming, the committee would have to assume his views were in line with Mr. Trump’s.’’ And there is the rub. Judge Gorsuch has written 789 opinions, with only 15 dissents from other judges. The appar-ent burr in the minority’s saddle—the Democrats’ saddle—has nothing to do with Judge Gorsuch or his qualifica-tions. The problem is that Mr. Trump is now President Trump. My question is this. All right, we know you feel that way. In every com-mittee hearing that we have, we know you feel that way. When will this end? When will we get back to what is re-ferred to as regular order? That ques-tion lies squarely with my colleagues in the minority. I am really disheartened to hear the rhetoric coming from across the aisle in the days since the new President took office. The minority has taken ex-traordinary lengths to extend the con-firmation process of the President’s nominees—from shying away from our constitutional responsibilities and not voting on nominees in committee hear-ings to using unprecedented amounts of time to speak on this floor, dis-approving of the President and his nominees, or anything else. These stall tactics are unbefitting of the world’s greatest deliberative body. We have fallen from bipartisan deliberation, worthy of public opinion and support, to engaging with poisonous arrows of political procrastination. With the nomination of Judge Gorsuch, we now have an opportunity to fix this sorry state of affairs. This is the opportunity we should seize to re-store comity to the Senate. The people of this great Nation deserve nothing else. I am hopeful that the minority will recognize the superlative qualities Judge Neil Gorsuch possesses and pro-vide him with a fair and swift con-firmation process. That is not happening as of today. But hope springs eternal, even within the Senate as it now exists. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, we are here to consider another joint resolu-tion of disapproval under the Congres-sional Review Act. This one, H.J. Res. 69, repeals the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s regulation and would allow extreme and inhumane hunting prac-tices on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska. My first concern about this measure is that it is a distraction. It benefits special interests to the detriment of the American people at a time when Congress should be focused on much more pressing issues. Mr. President, 24 million Americans are at risk of losing their healthcare. Clean air and clean water protections are threatened. The President is pro-posing to cut Meals on Wheels, Head Start, the arts and humanities, and the National Institutes of Health. Each day we learn more details about the Presi-dent and his team’s connections to Russia and about Russia’s involvement in our elections. The American people want Congress to work together to rebuild our Na-tion’s infrastructure and boost our economy. Instead, Congress is wasting time and energy using the Congres-sional Review Act to repeal common-sense rules that protect people, places, and iconic species. These rules have been vetted over months and years through a thorough public process, but if we repeal them using the CRA, these measures will be permanently blocked unless Congress passes a new law di-recting the government to act. My second concern is just as serious. I support responsible hunting prac-tices. Many New Mexicans hunt for sport and for food, but the vast major-ity of hunters also recognize that some practices are counterproductive, un-sportsmanlike, cruel, and they can even wipe out species and the diversity of wildlife in certain regions. The Fish and Wildlife’s rule deals with that issue, and it carries Congress’s express direction that the Service protect nat-ural diversity at national wildlife ref-uges in Alaska. We are talking about national wild-life refuges. These are the country’s refuges. The Service bars a few extreme practices for hunting bears, wolves, and coyotes that are totally inappro-priate on national wildlife refuge land. These extreme practices include tar-geting and killing black bears and brown bears and their cubs, and wolves and coyotes and their pups during denning season; baiting Grizzly bears with food so they are easier to kill at point-blank range; trapping brown and black bears with steel-jawed traps that shut on the animal’s leg, leaving them to suffer indefinitely; and shooting bears from aircraft or killing them same-day from spotting them with air-craft. Many of these practices violate ‘‘fair chase’’ ethical standards estab-lished and used by sportsmen across the country. Alaska voters actually op-pose these practices. We are not talking about private hunting land. This is Federal refuge land. Fish and Wildlife’s rule is based on sound science and appropriate wild-life management standards. The rule doesn’t change or restrict the taking of fish or wildlife for subsistence pur-poses, which some Alaskans count on to feed their families, and it doesn’t re-strict sport hunting. Fish and Wildlife’s rule is not an anti-hunting rule. It is a commonsense guideline that ensures bear and wolf populations, as well as caribou, elk, and moose, are sustained for generations to come. Let me reiterate that. Like the vast majority of New Mexicans, I support hunting and sportsmen’s access to pub-lic lands consistent with State and Federal law and sound wildlife manage-ment practices. Fish and Wildlife’s rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.041 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1881 March 21, 2017 
doesn’t affect these uses at all in any way. Fish and Wildlife’s rule carries out Congress’s intent in three long-standing pieces of legislation that are now law: the 1980 Alaska National In-terest Lands Conservation Act, or ANILCA; the 1966 National Wildlife Ad-ministration Act; and the 1964 Wilder-ness Act. Importantly, none of these laws prevents reasonable hunting. To-gether, those acts establish national wildlife refuges and provide for their management, and they establish the 76 million acres of national refuges in Alaska. Alaska accounts for over 85 percent of our National Wildlife Refuge System, so this is not a State or paro-chial issue. The rule governs the vast majority of refuge lands designated for protection by Congress. Again, none of these laws prevents reasonable hunting on national ref-uges. National wildlife refuges are es-tablished for the benefit of ‘‘present and future generations of Americans’’ and for the whole nation. Every Amer-ican has an ownership stake in and a right to enjoy public lands and the as-tounding scenic, cultural, and natural qualities that make these places so special. The first listed purpose of ANILCA is to ‘‘conserve fish and wildlife popu-lations and habitats in their natural diversity.’’ The words ‘‘natural diver-sity’’ are important to this discussion. My uncle, Congressman Mo Udall, was the floor manager for the House when ANILCA passed in 1980. On the House floor, he said the term natural diver-sity meant ‘‘protecting and managing all fish and wildlife populations within a particular wildlife refuge system unit in the natural ‘mix,’ not to emphasize management activities favoring one species to the detriment of another.’’ He also said that in managing for natural diversity, Congress’s intent was to ‘‘direct the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service to the best of its ability . . . to manage wildlife refuges to as-sure that habitat diversity is main-tained through natural means, avoid-ing artificial developments and habitat manipulation programs; to assure that wildlife refuge management fully con-siders the fact that humans reside per-manently within the boundaries of some areas and are dependent . . . on wildlife refuge subsistence resources; and to allow management flexibility in developing new and innovative man-agement programs different from the lower 48 standards, but in the context of maintaining natural diversity of fish and wildlife populations and their de-pendent habitats for the long-term ben-efit of all citizens.’’ Fish and Wildlife’s rule carries out congressional intent by managing the national refuges in Alaska for natural diversity through natural, not artifi-cial means, by continuing to allow for subsistence hunting, and by managing the law for the benefit of all—exactly what Representative Mo Udall said the act was intended to accomplish. Maintaining natural diversity means promoting the health of all fish, wild-life, and plants in the ecosystem, not favoring certain species and harming others, and not interfering with nat-ural ecosystems. Protecting bears and wolves and other apex predators is es-sential. It helps maintain predator- prey relationships and the health of Alaska’s Arctic and sub-Arctic eco-systems. Federal and State laws overlay man-agement of public lands, including na-tional wildlife refuges. State law on fish and wildlife management applies on national refuge land as long as it is consistent with Federal law. The Fish and Wildlife Service in the State of Alaska worked together for years to manage fish and wildlife on Alaskan refuges, and Federal requirements en-sured that hunting was balanced with conservation of wildlife and their habi-tat. Alaska law did not conflict with Fed-eral law until an Alaskan administra-tive agency, the Alaska Board of Game, adopted rules allowing for extreme hunting practices on national wildlife refuges within Alaska’s borders. The Board of Game said it targeted reduc-tion of wolf, black bear, and brown bear to increase the moose, caribou, and deer populations for harvesting. But the indiscriminate killing of bears and wolves to provide more game hunt-ing is contrary to ANILCA. That law directs the preservation of the ‘‘nat-ural diversity’’ or ‘‘natural mix’’ of wildlife. The Board of Game regulation allowing extreme hunting practices is not consistent with the law. As I said earlier, while the Fish and Wildlife’s rule does not allow extreme hunting practices, it does not change the rules for subsistence hunting or sports hunting. It even authorizes a process for predator control to benefit prey species and to meet refuge pur-poses. The process is based on sound science, an evaluation of alternatives, and an assessment of impacts to sub-sistence uses and needs. Again, Alas-kans don’t support overturning the Service’s rule to allow indiscriminate killing of apex predators. A February 2016 Remington poll found that Alaska voters oppose the extreme hunting practices banned under the Fish and Wildlife’s rule by wide margins. Alaska voters don’t want to see unsporting and cruel practices used to kill bears, wolves, and coyotes on National Wild-life Refuges in their State. Wildlife watching is an important part of Alaska’s economy. Each year, thousands of tourists visit Alaska’s na-tional wildlife refuges to see iconic wildlife. According to a Fish and Wild-life report, wildlife watching on the National Wildlife Refuge System con-tributed over $2 billion to Alaska’s economy in 2011. That same year, hunt-ing contributed approximately $425 million. Congress’s repeated use of the Con-gressional Review Act with no public hearing, no record or evidence, no use of science, and no stakeholder involve-ment is a bad way to legislate. It makes government opaque and inacces-sible, and what people want to see is transparency and openness, which we didn’t have here. It caters to special in-terests behind the scenes and outside of public view. It makes the swamp murkier than ever. Fish and Wildlife’s rule carries out what Congress wanted when it estab-lished the wildlife refuges—to conserve our wild American land and wildlife for generations to come. The rule prohibits the most extreme of hunting prac-tices—against grizzlies and black bears and their cubs and against wolves and coyotes and their pups—and protects the natural diversity. We should not rush to undermine this important, na-tional, long-term goal for short-term political gain—to benefit select special interests. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
HONORING DEPUTY SHAWN ANDERSON  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, this weekend, the city of Baton Rouge was reminded of how precious life is and of the harsh reality of law enforcement officers putting their lives on the line to protect us. On Saturday, March 18, 2017, this past Saturday, East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff’s Deputy Shawn Anderson made the ultimate sacrifice while he and a fellow officer were conducting a rape investigation in Baton Rouge. We honor Deputy Anderson’s life and recognize him for his 18 years of faith-ful service to East Baton Rouge Parish, the State of Louisiana, and our Nation for his service and his having been en-listed in the U.S. Army. Deputy Anderson embodied public service—taking action to help those in need. Deputy Anderson repeatedly put his life on the line to protect the lives of others. He spent 12 years as a mem-ber of the SWAT team and was recog-nized in 2014 for serving more than 60 high-risk warrants in the previous year with there having been no injuries or shots fired. Last year, Deputy Anderson added midwifery to his job description after having delivered a child. With baby on the way and the hospital out of reach, a Prairieville, LA, couple turned to Deputy Anderson for help. In stopping before the hospital, with baby emerg-ing, Anderson successfully delivered a healthy child before turning over the situation to arriving EMTs. A Lou-isiana family asked for his help, and Deputy Anderson answered the call. This is the latest in a string of law enforcement tragedies to inflict our State. Since January 2016, Louisiana has lost 11 officers and one K–9 in the line of duty. I will read their names: Here you see Deputy Anderson. Here we have Police Officer Michael Louviere, of the Westwego Police De-partment, aged 26; Police Officer Jude Williams Lewis, of the New Orleans Po-lice Department, aged 46; Police Officer Shannon Matthew Brown, of the Fen-ton Police Department, aged 40; Dep-uty Sheriff Bradford Allen Garafola, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.042 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1882 March 21, 2017 
Sr., of the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff’s Office, aged 45; Police Officer Matthew Lane Gerald, of the Baton Rouge Police Department, aged 41; Cor-poral Montrell Lyle Jackson, of the Baton Rouge Police Department, aged 32; Sergeant David Kyle Elahi, of the Sterlington Police Department, aged 28; Deputy Sheriff David Francis Michel, Jr., of the Jefferson Parish Sheriff’s Office, aged 50; Police Officer Natasha Maria Hunter, of the New Or-leans Police Department, aged 32; Ser-geant Derrick Morial Mingo, of the Winnsboro Police Department, aged 35; and K–9 Duke, of the Winnsboro Police Department. Mr. President, thousands of men and women in law enforcement put on the uniform, step into the community, and risk their lives daily to keep us safe. Far too often, the price of this safety falls on these officers and their fami-lies. Deputy Anderson represents the best of law enforcement. He and his family deserve our admiration and sup-port. His sacrifice will be remembered. The prayers of a grateful State and Na-tion are with his wife Rebecca, his daughter Delaney, and his son Breland. I yield to my colleague, Senator K
EN-
NEDY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, if I make it to Heaven—and I hope I do— the first question I am going to ask God is why bad things happen to good people. We have had some bad things happen in Louisiana to some really good people, as my colleague from Lou-isiana just referred to. This past weekend, while most of us slept, Louisiana lost yet another offi-cer in the line of duty. East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff’s Office Sergeant Shawn Anderson—as shown in this pho-tograph here—was a law enforcement veteran. He was a military veteran, and he was a father. He served high- risk warrants. He had been recognized for doing his job without having re-sorted to firing his weapon. In short, he was an American hero, and he was a Louisiana hero. On Saturday night, Sergeant Ander-son was just doing his job. He went into a barbershop in search of a suspected rapist. Sergeant Anderson lost his life. A line of law enforcement vehicles es-corted his body from the scene, and their flashing blue lights lit up the dark night. It has been a tough few months for our law enforcement families in Lou-isiana. We have buried six officers who were shot and killed simply because they were wearing a badge. In January, Westwego Police Officer Michael Louviere stopped to help at a traffic accident, and he was shot in the back of the head. Michael was not even on duty. He was driving home and saw an accident and immediately stopped his car to help. That is the kind of per-son he was. The Presiding Officer and all of those listening to me today, no doubt, saw the news footage as to what unfolded along a busy Baton Rouge highway last summer. July will no longer be just about hot dogs and fireworks for us in Louisiana. The shootings that took the lives of three law enforcement officers shattered our summer and broke our hearts. Just a month earlier, Jefferson Par-ish Sheriff’s Deputy David Michel was shot three times in the back—not once, not twice, but three times—and he died in Harvey. His killer, apparently, shot him because the killer did not want to return to jail. I would ask all of those who wish to, to join me in saying a prayer for these law enforcement officers and their fam-ilies. They were sons and they were fa-thers and they are going to miss out on holidays and birthdays and gradua-tions. They were men who sacrificed their lives so we could sleep a little bit better at night. Let us also, while we are praying for these brave men—and, yes, women too—pray for an end to the violence. We have had enough flashing blue lights light up the dark nights in Lou-isiana. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 6 p.m. today, there be 10 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, re-maining on H.J. Res. 69; further, that following the use or yielding back of that time, the resolution be read a third time and the Senate vote on the resolution with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the five Great Lakes are as vital to our indus-trial heartlands as the Rockies are to the West or the Atlantic coastline is to New England. Eighty-four percent of America’s freshwater is in the Great Lakes—84 percent. Around the globe, only polar ice caps contain more fresh-water than do these five Great Lakes. Lake Erie is one of the biggest lakes in the world. From the boats and barges that moved goods along the Ohio River and the Erie Canal to the ships that leave Lake Erie and export grain and steel to the world, my State of Ohio has a rich history of culti-vating this vital natural resource. In Ohio, families and businesses rely on Lake Erie. Its waters are critical to farming and to clean energy develop-ment and industry and regional eco-nomic competitiveness, to fishing and recreation and so much that people do every day in my State. From tourism in Catawba and Put- in-Bay, to fishing at Marblehead, to va-cations and family reunions at Maumee Bay State Park, Lake Erie benefits our communities and creates jobs in our State, but for more than a half cen-tury, keeping our lake healthy has been a constant struggle. Lake Erie is the shallowest of the Great Lakes. In the Western Basin off the shore of To-ledo, it is only 30 feet deep—much shallower in contrast with Lake Supe-rior, which is 600 feet deep on average. I remember how polluted Lake Erie was when I was growing up. As a child, it was obvious the water shouldn’t look quite the way it looked. While im-provements have been made, today’s problems are different and in many ways more urgent. Harmful algal blooms are a constant threat. Because the Western Lake Erie Basin near Toledo is the shallowest part of the lake, it is uniquely vulner-able to these blooms, the same way that much of Lake Erie, 60 or 70 or 80 feet deep, is more vulnerable to pollu-tion. In August 2014, a bloom left 500,000 Ohioans in Lucas County in Northwest Ohio, in the Toledo area, without safe drinking water for nearly 3 days. We know these blooms are caused by ex-cess nutrients in our water. This comes from untreated sewage, it comes from urban runoff, and it comes from farm field runoff. Heavy rains lead to more combined sewage overflows, more nu-trient runoff from our fields, and to larger and more harmful algal blooms. Algal blooms leave our lake looking like this. This may be a beautiful painting in your living room or a strik-ing photograph of something, but this color here is more the regular, natural color of Lake Erie, the dark here in the wake of this boat. This green is the algal blooms, and you can see what this has done to pollute one of the greatest bodies of freshwater in the world. Would you want to fish there? Likely not. Would you take your chil-dren out on water that looks like this? Of course not. Does this water look like what you want coming out of your faucet when you turn on the faucet in Toledo or in Lorain, where I lived for 10 years, or in Sandusky or Cleveland or Ashtabula or any city along the Great Lakes? According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.044 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1883 March 21, 2017 
know that one effect of climate change in the Great Lakes region has been a 37-percent increase in gully washers, or heavy rain events that contribute to blooms. Hotter summers will only make these blooms worse. The effects of algal blooms like that have profound effects on the entire ecosystem. Protecting our lake is one of the big-gest environmental challenges our country faces. We have made progress over the last 8 years, thanks in large part to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. We have continued to clean up Lake Erie and its tributaries, we have increased access to the lake, and we have improved habitats for fish and wildlife in the region. Because it is shallow, this Great Lake, Lake Erie, only one of five Great Lakes and the Great Lake with actu-ally the least water—almost 50 percent of all the fish in the Great Lakes live in this Great Lake. So you can see what these algal blooms do to aquatic life, to our way of life when you have these kinds of algal blooms. We know that the bipartisan Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is work-ing. As we celebrate Water Week this week, we should recommit ourselves to strengthening this program and build-ing on our success. But in President Trump’s budget proposal this week, the administration proposed entirely eliminating this important program that has been so successful—entirely eliminating this program that has been so successful. It is basically a sur-render to the algal blooms. It is the ad-ministration—our country, if he speaks for our country—surrendering and just saying: Give up; we are not going to make the fight. We have cleaned up Lake Erie be-cause of the Federal EPA, because of the State EPA, because of the cities and the counties along the lake, places like Toledo, Lorain, Sandusky, Cleve-land, and my wife’s hometown of Ash-tabula. We have cleaned it up, but it is a constant struggle because so many people live along this very shallow, very vulnerable to pollution Great Lake. That is why we don’t give up. We are not just talking about cutting funding for a program; the administra-tion budget completely cuts this pro-gram, completely ends it. Taking an axe to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative will cost Ohio jobs, jeop-ardize public health, and will put our drinking water at risk and reverse the progress we have made. It is simply something you don’t do in a country like ours. It is unacceptable. I will fight like hell to protect the Great Lakes, I will fight like hell to protect Lake Erie, and I will fight like hell to protect the entire lake ecosystem. The fact is, these five Great Lakes are a natural resource like none other in the world. Here is what is at risk if the administration’s budget plan be-comes a reality: Forty percent of the funds used to protect the lake from Asian carp would just disappear like that; 1.8 million more pounds of phos-phorus would enter the Lake, making algal blooms like this more likely, just like that; and the cleanup of toxic sedi-ment in habitat restorations in some of our most polluted rivers would grind to a halt. Why would they do this? Why would they eliminate this program? Neither party here wants them to do this. Senator P
ORTMAN stands with me on this. Most of the Republican House Members stand with Democrats like Congresswoman F
UDGE and Congress-woman K
APTUR , who represent much of the area along the Great Lakes. There are projects across Ohio that simply couldn’t take place without this program. In Ashtabula, a cleanup project has removed sediment con-taining 25,000 pounds of toxic material, transforming the lower two-thirds of the Ashtabula River. A $61 million project never would have gotten off the ground without the Great Lakes Res-toration Initiative. Look at the new Lake Erie Bluffs Park in Perry Town-ship—they used $1.6 million from the initiative to leverage other sources of funding to restore and protect this shoreline. My Ohio colleagues of both parties have made it clear that zeroing out the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is not an option and that they will not stand for it. It isn’t just this initiative on the chopping block; the budget makes deep cuts in the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, which mon-itors these algal blooms. Scientists at Ohio State’s Stone Lab play a key role in protecting our lake, and the re-ported NOAA cuts would nearly elimi-nate the grant funding that supports Stone Lab’s mission. I have been at Stone Lab. I see the work they do. I see the dedicated dozen or so naturalists, not well-paid—Federal employees or State employees not particularly well paid. They love nature, they love Lake Erie, they love our State, they love its natural beauty, and they love all that it does for us. When I was young, people wrote off Lake Erie as a dying lake. It was pol-luted, it smelled bad, and it looked bad. It was a dying lake. Over the past cen-tury, people have had a habit of trying to write off my State. We have proved them wrong time and again. The lake is improving. It is supporting entire in-dustries. It supports jobs. It provides drinking water. It provides recreation. It is beautiful to look at from my home in Lorain when I lived there. It is beau-tiful to look at anywhere along the coastline of Lake Erie. We cannot allow this President and we cannot allow Washington, DC, to write off Lake Erie and the millions of Ameri-cans who rely on it. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 10 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form. If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I will close on the issue of the CRA before us today. This CRA will turn back the clock on the management of native wildlife on our Nation’s wildlife refuges. Methods of take, like shooting mother grizzlies with cubs, aerial gunning of wolves, killing wolf pups in their dens—these are not 21st-century tools for wildlife management. They are relics of the 19th century, before we truly under-stood the importance of predators to healthy ecosystems and populations. These practices have no place on our Nation’s Federal wildlife refuges. This rule, frankly, doesn’t stand up for subsistence hunters or hunters at all; it simply reinforces the politically driven and unscientific turn that the Alaska Board of Game has taken under Governors like Sarah Palin. This isn’t about hunting; it is about dogma and dogma driving policy. I urge all of my colleagues tonight to vote for fair chase hunting, to vote for native wildlife, and to vote for our na-tional wildlife refuges. To do that, I ask you to vote against this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, in spite of what my good friend from New Mexico has been saying about this res-olution, I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the resolution. I came down here predicting that he was going to come down with a parade of horribles, none of which have hap-pened in Alaska—that is a fact—none of which happened in Alaska. The resolution we have before us is backed by the force of law. The Fish and Wildlife Service did not have the authority to do what they did by pass-ing this regulation, and not one of my colleagues tried to defend this on the basis of legal authority by the Feds be-cause it doesn’t exist. So I think that is the starting point. The principle of federalism. We have had a lot of discussion here by col-leagues from New Jersey and New Mex-ico telling Alaskans, who have a tre-mendous record on the management of fish and game—they are going to tell Alaskans how to do that, Senators from States that don’t know anything about my State. That is the whole principle of federalism, and that is an-other reason we need to support this resolution. This rule is about subsistence. Thou-sands of Alaskans, particularly Alas-kan Natives, rely on subsistence. Again, my colleagues on the other side come down here and say that it is not about subsistence. Come up to Alaska. Ask the people who have to live off the land, who need the food to survive in the winter. Tell them it is not about subsistence. Finally, it is important to recognize just how many other Americans care about what we are doing right now. As I mentioned, literally millions of Americans from every State of the country, represented by groups as di-verse as Ducks Unlimited, Boone and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.046 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1884 March 21, 2017 
Crockett, and the National Rifle Asso-ciation, are all supportive of this reso-lution, as are every Fish and Wildlife Service State agency, including from New Mexico, including from New Jer-sey. They are all supportive of our res-olution. To have our colleagues come down here and say ‘‘Those Alaskans don’t know what they are doing’’ when we have the record of well-managed fish and game, awards every year from the Department of the Interior and oth-ers—to have them come down here with very little knowledge of my State is not the humility that I think is needed in this body. So I ask all my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution. It is backed by law. It is backed by millions of Ameri-cans in every State. It is very impor-tant to the people of Alaska, particu-larly those who live a subsistence life-style. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I yield back the time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority time is yielded back. All time is yielded back. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 92 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—1 
Isakson 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 69) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I want to mention that I am very grati-fied by my colleagues—by the way, on both sides of the aisle. It was a bipar-tisan vote. H.J. Res. 69, as the Pre-siding Officer just mentioned, has passed the Senate and will soon be going to the White House for a signa-ture by President Trump. That is a res-olution—now a law—that will be head-ing to the White House. It is not just important for Alaska, but, as the Pre-siding Officer and I were talking about, for any American who believes in fed-eralism, State control over our land, and the Tenth Amendment. That is what was at stake. For my State a lot more was at stake—subsistence rights, the ability to continue to hunt in the ways that we have been doing for generations in Alaska. So I just want to thank all the Alaskans—hundreds—including the State of Alaska Board of Game, the Alaska Department of Fish and Game, our Governor and his attorney general, who filed suit against the Federal Gov-ernment over this issue. Obviously, it is all going to be resolved right now, right here, because of this vote. I want to thank all the Alaskans who played such an important role, the groups that I talked about in my re-marks outside of Alaska that represent millions of Americans—the conserva-tionists, the people who love the out-doors, and hunters who also weighed in and in a very powerful way to make sure that this resolution passed. So I want to thank them all. 
f 
ELECTION IN ECUADOR Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, article 2 of chapter I of the Charter of the Orga-nization of American States, of which Ecuador is a party, states that one of the OAS’s purposes is ‘‘to promote and consolidate representative democracy, with due respect for the principle of nonintervention.’’ I mention this because the second round of Ecuador’s Presidential elec-tion is scheduled for April 2, less than 2 weeks away. In the first round, Lenin Moreno, who is supported by outgoing President Correa, received 39 percent and his opponent, Guillermo Lasso, re-ceived 28 percent, so it is a hotly con-tested election. But democracy is about more than elections. There is no institution more fundamental to democracy than a free and independent press. A free press helps protect the rule of law, to ensure that no person or group is above the rules and procedures that govern a democratic society. A free press helps ensure transparency to prod govern-ments to be honest and accountable to their citizens. Although wavering at times, Ecuador has a history of democratic govern-ment of which its citizens can be proud. It has a long tradition of recog-nizing the importance of freedom of the press. Ecuador’s first constitution, written in 1830, stipulated that ‘‘every citizen can express their thoughts and publish them freely through the press.’’ Ecuador’s 1998 constitution guaranteed the right of journalists and social com-municators to ‘‘seek, receive, learn, and disseminate’’ events of general in-terest, with the goal of ‘‘preserving the values of the community.’’ Even Ecua-dor’s current constitution protects the right ‘‘to voice one’s opinion and ex-press one’s thinking freely and in all of its forms and manifestations,’’ and the right to ‘‘associate, assemble and ex-press oneself freely and voluntarily.’’ Yet, since President Correa was first elected, freedom of the press has been under assault. He has called the inde-pendent press his ‘‘greatest enemy.’’ He sought to intimidate and silence his critics in the media and civil society, like Janet Hinostroza, El Universo, Vanguardia, El Comercio, Xavier Bonilla, and Fundamedios. He publicly vilified Dr. Catalina Botero, a re-spected Colombian lawyer and former OAS Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression. He pursued criminal charges against columnists and news-paper owners who had criticized his policies. During this period, the num-ber of state-owned media organizations exploded, growing from just one gov-ernment-run news outlet to a media conglomerate that today is made up of more than a dozen outlets echoing the government’s self-serving declarations. These actions are a threat to democ-racy, and they damaged relations with the United States. On April 2, when the people of Ecua-dor elect their next President, they alone will decide Ecuador’s future. What is important at this stage is to ensure that the electoral process is free and fair, that the press can participate freely, and that the election is open to international observers, including the OAS. Whoever wins on April 2, I hope Ec-uador’s next President is someone who genuinely believes in the freedoms of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.048 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1885 March 21, 2017 
expression and association that are en-shrined in Ecuador’s Constitution. I hope he defends the right of a free press, an independent judiciary, and the right of civil society organizations to function without government inter-ference. These rights are part of the foundation of the representative de-mocracy referenced in the OAS Char-ter. The alternative is unaccountable government. That is, in fact, where Ec-uador was heading, after President Correa orchestrated the adoption of a new constitution in order to run for re-election in 2009 and again in 2013. I hope the result on April 2 will sig-nify a commitment to uphold Ecua-dor’s Constitution and the beginning of a new relationship with the United States, based on a common devotion to the fundamental rights of citizens. 
f 
THE RULE OF LAW IN GUATEMALA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to call the Senate’s attention to the cur-rent situation in Guatemala, where up-holding the rule of law has too often been the exception rather than the rule. For centuries, most Guatemalans had no access to justice. This was exacer-bated during—and in the years since— the civil war, when an estimated 200,000 people were killed or disappeared. Most of them were innocent victims of the armed forces, and only a small number of the military officers and their ac-complices who were responsible have been punished. In fact, the armed forces and their benefactors have for the most part successfully avoided jus-tice, by threatening prosecutors and witnesses and paying off judges. At the same time, Guatemala is expe-riencing the corrosive effects of drug gangs, smugglers, and organized crime. Former President Perez Molina is under arrest, and other high-ranking officials have been implicated in cor-ruption. Rampant gang violence and a lack of job opportunities have caused tens of thousands of Guatemalans, in-cluding unaccompanied minors, to seek safety and employment in the United States. Two individuals, Thelma Aldana, Guatemala’s Attorney General, and Ivan Velasquez, the head of CICIG, the International Commission Against Im-punity in Guatemala, have been coura-geously investigating these high-pro-file cases and working diligently to bring those responsible to justice. Both are respected former judges, Aldana a Guatemalan and Velasquez a Colom-bian. The United States, with the support of Democrats and Republicans in Con-gress, has provided funding to both of their offices. It is difficult, dangerous work. They have received anonymous threats in an attempt to intimidate them, and there is a concern that President Morales may oppose the renewal of Mr. Velasquez’s term of duty, which ends in September, or request the U.N. Sec-retary General to remove or replace Mr. Velasquez. This would be of great concern be-cause no democracy can survive with-out the rule of law, and there can be no rule of law without independent inves-tigators, prosecutors, and judges. In Guatemala, with its history of im-punity, Thelma Aldana and Ivan Velasquez are making history by show-ing the Guatemalan people that justice is possible. It is possible even in cases in which the perpetrators are high- ranking government officials, members of their families, or others with wealth and power who have long evaded jus-tice. Guatemala needs our support to re-duce poverty and malnutrition, im-prove education, combat crime, reform the police, and strengthen its economy and public institutions, but none of that can be achieved or sustained with-out political will and a transparent, ac-countable justice system. I know this from my own experience, first as a prosecutor, and more recently as the senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I have been here a long time, in fact longer than any other Senator. I know Guatemala’s history and the daunting challenges it faces. Its people deserve better, and they need leaders who re-spect the rule of law. If Guatemala’s leaders support Thel-ma Aldana and Ivan Velasquez for as long they are willing to make the per-sonal sacrifice and continue their im-portant work, we will do our part by supporting the Alliance for Prosperity, but if there are attempts to undermine or curtail the work of these two out-standing prosecutors, then Guate-mala’s leaders should look elsewhere for support. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. HARRY CHEN Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for over a decade, Vermont has been named one of the healthiest States in the Nation. For those who know the tireless dedi-cation of Vermont’s Commissioner of Health, Dr. Harry Chen, this fact is not surprising. Dr. Chen recently made the difficult decision to not seek re-appointment. He leaves behind a legacy which future leaders will undoubtedly follow. Dr. Chen has long graced Vermont as a top leader in healthcare. Before his appointment as health commissioner in 2011, Dr. Chen served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 2004 to 2008 and in his last term was the vice chair of the Health Care Committee. In 2008, he was honored with the Physi-cian Award for Community Service by the Vermont State Medical Society. Prior to his election to the State leg-islature, Dr. Chen worked for more than 20 years as an emergency room physician and medical director at the Rutland Regional Medical Center. Dr. Chen also served on the clinical faculty at the University of Vermont’s College of Medicine and as vice chair of the University of Vermont’s board of trust-ees. He obtained his medical degree and completed his residency at the Univer-sity of Oregon’s school of medicine as chief resident. Dr. Chen’s work to improve public health awareness and education has long made Vermont a nationwide lead-er in healthcare. As Vermont’s Com-missioner of Health since 2011 and briefly as the interim Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2014 to 2015, Dr. Chen led the charge to ex-pand public health education and re-sources across the State. Dr. Chen was especially instrumental in the fight against opioid and substance abuse. I was proud when he testified at the field hearing I held on the issue while rank-ing member of the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2014. In the years after, he worked to strengthen State re-sources for treatment and education programs. He has worked to improve the State’s prescription drug moni-toring system in order to curb harmful opioid prescribing and misuse. Dr. Chen also led efforts to reduce to-bacco, marijuana, and alcohol use among youth. In 2013, he and I worked to secure a $10 million grant from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, SAMHSA, to expand substance abuse efforts in Vermont among young adults at risk of developing habits in alcohol, tobacco, marijuana, and illicit drug use. Since his efforts, the conversation regarding youth substance abuse, especially on marijuana, has become a major public health discussion in the Vermont Statehouse and beyond. He also worked to expand nutrition education in schools and to increase awareness sur-rounding the importance of vaccines. For instance, 2 years ago, after the outbreak of Ebola, Dr. Chen worked with Vermont’s top health facilities to strengthen defenses against the dis-ease, while educating patients on the importance of disease prevention. He also led efforts to increase vaccina-tions for children in efforts to prevent the spread of disease at school. Dr. Chen’s dedication to public health promotion did not stop at the State level. In 2009, Dr. Chen testified before the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on Vermont’s experience with healthcare reform and the creation of Vermont Health Connect. In 2014, he became chair of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s Food Safety and Mod-ernization Act Surveillance Working Group where he continues to strength-en foodborne illness surveillance sys-tems across the country. He has also long served on the board of the CDC’s Office of Infectious Disease, and he cur-rently chairs the Prevention Com-mittee of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. Vermont’s national role in promoting the health and well-being of patients has made strides under the leadership of Dr. Chen. Vermonters are sorry to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.009 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1886 March 21, 2017 
see him go, but I know we can expect many more years of outstanding lead-ership from him. In fact, he and his wife have just been accepted to the Peace Corps, where they look forward to training physicians in Africa. I wish them both the very best in this excit-ing work, and I once again thank Dr. Chen for his incredible contributions to our State and beyond. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–02, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of the United Kingdom for defense articles and services estimated to cost $150 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–02 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: United King-dom. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $135.0 million. Other $ 15.0 million. Total $150.0 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One thousand (1,000) AGM–114–R1/R2 Hellfire II Semi-Active Laser (SAL) Missiles. Non-MDE: Logistics support services and other re-lated program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (YAI). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: UK–D– YAC—$22M—May 2008; UK–D–YAF—$21M— Mar 2011; UK–D–YAY—$134M—Aug 2013. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee. etc., Paid. Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: March 16, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  United Kingdom—Hellfire Missiles The Government of the United Kingdom (UK) requested a possible sale of 1,000 AGM– 114–RI/R2 Hellfire II Semi-Active Laser (SAL) Missiles with logistics support serv-ices and other related program support. The estimated cost is $150 million. This proposed sale directly contributes to the foreign policy and national security poli-cies of the United States by enhancing the close air support capability of the UK in sup-port of NATO and other coalition operations. Commonality between close air support ca-pabilities greatly increases interoperability between our two countries’ military and peacekeeping forces and allows for greater burden sharing. The proposed sale improves the UK’s capa-bility to meet current and future threats by providing close air support to counter enemy attacks on coalition ground forces in the U.S. Central Command area of responsibility (AOR) and other areas, as needed. The UK al-ready has Hellfire missiles in its inventory and will have no difficulty absorbing these additional missiles. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. There is no principal contractor for this sale as the missiles are coming from U.S. stock. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to the UK. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. f 
2017 FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRA-TION USER FEE REAUTHORIZA-TION Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks at the Senate Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions earlier today. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
2017 F OOD AND DRUGADMINISTRATION USER F
EEREAUTHORIZATION  The Senate Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions will please come to order. We’re holding a hearing today on ‘‘FDA User Fee Agreements: Improving Med-ical Product Regulation and Innovation for Patients Part 1.’’ Now, Senator Murray and I will each have an opening statement, then we will intro-duce our panel of witnesses. After our wit-ness testimony, senators will have 5 minutes of questions. The subject of today is the Food and Drug Administration’s medical de-vice and drug user fees. It seems like a long time ago, but it really wasn’t that long ago, that Congress passed the 21st Century Cures Act. 94 Senators voted for it, President Obama and Vice President Biden were strongly in support of it. So were Speaker Ryan and Mitch McConnell, who called it ‘‘the most important piece of legislation in the last Congress. It came through this committee and I thank the members of the committee, espe-cially for resolving our differences of opin-ions and making it possible to reach a con-sensus. That bill was about the moving med-ical products, drugs and devices more rap-idly, in a safe way, through the investment and the regulatory process into the hands of patients and doctors offices. Today, we are talking about really imple-menting that great goal, one that shows so much promise for virtually every American. We’re here to talk about how we continue the fund the Food and Drug Administration, the agency responsible for making sure the promising research supported by 21st Cen-tury Cures actually reaches patients. We will hear from witnesses from the agen-cy itself to tell us how the user fee agree-ments will improve the agency’s abilities to regulate medical products and promote inno-vation. We will hear from patients, device manufacturers, and brand and generic drug manufacturers in a second hearing, which is tentatively scheduled for April 4. I want to thank the witnesses for taking the time to testify today. We respect the great amount of expertise and service that you’ve given for our country. I want to thank you also for moving so quickly to im-plement the 21st Century Cures Act. I no-ticed specifically that the provision involv-ing regenerative medicine was published with about a month after President Obama signed the law. The first medical product user fee agree-ment was enacted in 1992. FDA worked with the drug manufacturers to hammer out an agreement that the agency would collect user fees from drug manufacturers in ex-change for more timely, predictable reviews. The agreement was a success—it decreased review times and increased patient access to medicines. Before September 30 of this year, 4 dif-ferent user fee agreements need to be reau-thorized: The Prescription drug user fee is the first one. Now it’s common around here to call it PDUFA, I’m not going to do it. I just can’t stand PDUFA, and MDUFA and GDUFA and the other UFA. So I’m going to call them if you don’t mind, the prescription drug user fee, which accounted for over 70 percent of the brand drug review budget in FY2015. The second one is the Medical device user fee, which accounted for 35 percent of the medical device review budget in 2015. The Generic drug user fee accounted for 70 percent of the generic drug review budget. Biosimilar user fee accounted for 7 percent of the biosimilar review budget. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILING TO REAUTHORIZE  So a lot of the money for the FDA comes from these agreements with manufacturers of prescription drugs and devices. The authority for FDA to collect user fees for medical product review will expire on September 30 of this year—six months from now. Now this is probably the most important part of what I have to say this morning. If we do not move quickly to reauthorize these agreements, the FDA will be forced to begin sending layoff notices to more than 5,000 em-ployees to notify them that they may lose their jobs in 60 days—that’s what they have to do by law. A delay in reauthorizing these agreements would delay the reviews of drugs and devices submitted after April 1, only a few days away. For example, if we do not pass these reau-thorizations into law before the current agreements expire, an FDA reviewer who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.052 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1887 March 21, 2017 
gets started reviewing a cancer drug sub-mitted to the agency in April would be laid off on October 1, before the reviewer is able to finish his or her work. The sooner we re-authorize the agreements, the better—to give patients, reviewers, and companies cer-tainty. In addition to harming patients and fami-lies that rely on medical innovation, a delay in reauthorizing the user fees would threaten biomedical industry jobs and America’s glob-al leadership in biomedical innovation. 
PROCESS FOR REAUTHORIZATION  I am hopeful that this committee, and this Congress, can work in a bipartisan manner to reauthorize the user fees before the Au-gust recess. Congress must pass legislation reauthor-izing and updating the fees to support the recommendations contained in what are called ‘‘commitment letters’’ sent to Con-gress in January. Now these commitment letters are part of the agreements between FDA and industry— they establish the agency’s commitments, such as timelines for application review or to put out guidances in exchange for the fees Congress authorizes. The letters were trans-mitted to Congress in January of this year. So today’s hearing is not the first time members of Congress or the public is hearing about the recommendations for reauthoriza-tion. In Congress, while we were working on the 21st Century Cures and after it was signed into law, the HELP Committee had 15 bipar-tisan briefings, some of which were in con-junction with the Energy and Commerce Committee in the House of Representatives as well, so we could hear from FDA and in-dustry about the reauthorization. The first of those briefings was back in late 2015. Outside of Congress, the FDA posted meet-ing minutes after every negotiation, and held public meetings to hear feedback. So the content of the commitment letters, and the changes to the fee authorizations, should not be new, or a surprise, for any member of this committee. After the April 4th hearing, I hope to move to mark-up the legislation in committee as soon as possible. This is the first time that the user fees have sunset in the first year of a new admin-istration, so we are starting hearings a little later this year than we did in 2012. In order to get this done on time, any addi-tional policies that Senators may want to attach need to be broadly bipartisan, related to human medical products, and non-con-troversial in order to avoid slowing the pack-age down. 
HOW REAUTHORIZATION BUILDS ON 21ST  
CENTURY CURES  There are many improvements in the com-mitment letters and fee structure in these reauthorizations to be excited about. The prescription drug and medical device reauthorizations include many provisions that build on the work of 21st Century Cures, such as: involving patients in drug and med-ical device development, dedicated staff to assist in the development and review of rare disease drugs, improved timelines, increased guidance for drug and device combination products, and modernizing the clinical trial process. There are important structural reforms. Each agreement contains reporting measures built both by FDA and by independent third parties, so we can see how the changes are working. FDA is going to work to implement full time reporting by 2022, so Congress, pa-tients, and medical product manufacturers will have a better picture about how re-sources are being used at FDA and under-stand what is needed to do what we ask. The biosimilar and generic drug user fee agreement includes additional staff and re-sources to approve more biosimilars and more generic drugs, which provide more competition and lower drug costs. These are just a few of the highlights of the reauthorization and commitment letters. It is a good agreement for patients, and I look forward to working with Senator Mur-ray and all the members of the Committee to get it done expeditiously. f TRIBUTE TO NINA M. SERAFINO Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my appreciation to a dedicated public servant at the Congressional Research Service, CRS, of the Library of Con-gress, Ms. Nina M. Serafino. Ms. Serafino recently retired after more than 35 years of service to Congress. This length of public service is not only a credit to Ms. Serafino, but also a demonstration of the dedication that she and many other CRS employees bring to support our work here in Con-gress. During Ms. Serafino’s 35 years with CRS, she provided Congress with many types of assistance to help inform na-tional policymaking on a variety of war and peace issues. From 1981, when she joined CRS, through the 1980s, she was deeply involved in bipartisan ef-forts to evaluate U.S. policy in Central America. Her work focused on pro-viding a common understanding of the problems and possibilities in the region in order to shape U.S. options and al-ternatives. Particularly noteworthy was her original research on aspects of the Central American conflicts where there was a little or no information available from other sources. Respond-ing to a congressional request, she con-ducted field research and delved into the Library of Congress’s historical materials to provide a unique report on the many parties of the civic opposi-tion to the Sandinista government in Nicaragua. Similarly, her field re-search on the Latin American ‘‘Contadora’’ effort significantly in-formed congressional deliberations re-garding the peace process to end the conflicts in Nicaragua and El Salvador. With the advent of U.S. military in-volvement in peacekeeping operations in the Balkans and elsewhere beginning in the 1990s, Ms. Serafino contributed to congressional efforts to comprehend the plethora of institutional and budg-etary considerations relevant to our government’s ability to bring its full toolbox to bear in those operations. Providing information and analysis through reports, briefings, and several comprehensive conferences and work-shops for Members and staff, Ms. Serafino assisted Congress in under-standing the possibilities, constraints, and options for legislating and over-seeing military and civilian tools and the development of interagency re-sources and mechanisms. As Congress sought to comprehend and deal with the post-9/11 world, Ms. Serafino supplemented targeted CRS work on Afghanistan and Iraq with conferences and reports that brought an historical perspective to congres-sional deliberations. The conferences and reports provided insights on a wide variety of international experiences in dealing with terrorism and contained historical information and pertinent analysis on previous U.S. interventions and occupations. Over the past decade, Ms. Serafino also developed a number of products on security assistance and cooperation. Most recently, as the U.S. Government has expanded U.S. military efforts to build partner capacity among foreign security forces worldwide, Ms. Serafino contributed an historical perspective on U.S. security assistance and co-operation development in the post- World War II period to inform our de-liberations on an evolving legislative framework for such assistance. Her written work on post-9/11 topics has en-lightened both Congress and the broad-er foreign policy and defense commu-nities. Throughout Ms. Serafino’s career, she won the respect and admiration of her colleagues for her geniality and ex-pertise on Latin America and inter-national security affairs. She won a Distinguished Service Award and sev-eral Merit Service and Special Achieve-ment awards. Her steadfast dedication to serve Congress and her commitment to the highest standards of research made a lasting contribution to congres-sional policy discourse. I have said many times that the Federal workforce is a critical national asset. Ms. Serafino and the other talented and dedicated public servants at CRS are yet another example. While we will miss her contributions, I know my col-leagues will want to join me in sending our best wishes to Ms. Serafino for a happy retirement. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE HAMMOND ∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the three decades of distinguished service journalist Steve Hammond has provided to the citizens of Maryland’s Eastern Shore and the viewers of WBOC-TV 16 in Salisbury, MD, ‘‘Delmarva’s News Leader.’’ Steve Hammond is a Maryland na-tive, raised in Towson’s Rodgers Forge neighborhood. He learned many of life’s lessons on the football and lacrosse fields before graduating from the Uni-versity of Delaware with a degree in mass communications. Since his moth-er, sister, and brother have all been in-volved in television production, it is no surprise, perhaps, that Steve gravi-tated toward the business of broad-casting and interned for several sta-tions. He discovered he felt most at home in the newsroom and was drawn particularly to the variety of daily re-porting. In 1985, after working without pay for 2 weeks to illustrate his poten-tial value, Steve was hired by WHYY, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.012 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1888 March 21, 2017 
PBS affiliate in Philadelphia, PA. Two years later, on March 23, 1987, he joined WBOC–TV to serve as the first bureau chief for Dover, DE. It was there that he first began to anchor news broad-casts. It was a role, it turned out, which suited him perfectly. Today Steve Hammond is WBOC– TV’s main anchor and managing edi-tor. He has become a household name in the region, having covered countless elections, major crisis, and natural dis-asters. Steve has flown with the Blue Angels and interviewed U.S. Presi-dents. He also has filed reports from several foreign countries to tell the stories of local troops in harm’s way in Iraq and Somalia. Steve is highly re-spected in his field and has been widely recognized, winning innumerable awards, including a prestigious na-tional Edward R. Murrow Award and distinctions from the Associated Press and Radio Television News Directors Association; yet Steve is characteris-tically modest about his accomplish-ments. If he were inclined to brag about anything, it probably would be about his beloved family—his sons Gra-ham and Hunter, and his wife, Heather, who are his favorite companions for a day at the beach. Steve Hammond is deeply invested in his community and has volunteered for many years for numerous charitable organizations, including Junior Achievement, March of Dimes, Easter Seals, Big Brothers/Big Sisters and The Salvation Army. He has helped spear-head The Salvation Army’s Red Kettle Holiday Campaign on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. He also serves as a member of the board of trustees for Worcester Preparatory School in Ber-lin, MD, and is a member of Trinity United Methodist Church in Salisbury. Steve’s coworkers, friends, and audi-ence appreciate the dedication, service, and leadership he shown professionally and privately throughout his career. As he enters his fourth decade at WBOC– TV 16, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Steve Hammond on 30 years of exemplary work and com-munity service and wishing him all the best in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN BRUCE FERY ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of John Bruce Fery, a friend and mentor. John’s obituary beautifully conveyed a sense of who he was: ‘‘John’s journey took him from challenging early years as a latchkey kid with a working mom to remarkable lifetime accomplish-ments. He loved God, his family, his community, and his country. He loved the outdoors, sunshine, and John Wayne. He had a zest for life and a work ethic that was incomparable, while his commanding presence, charming smile, and quick-witted humor made him adored by family and friends. He was captivated by the joys of family life, the challenges of busi-ness, the warmth of friendships, the satisfaction of philanthropic work, and the stories each brought to his life.’’ On February 16, 1930, John was born in Bellingham, WA, to Margaret and Carl Fery. John lost his father at a young age, and he and his mother moved to Seattle, where he graduated from Roosevelt High School and at-tended the University of Washington before serving in the U.S. Navy during the Korean war. He married his wife, Dee, in 1953, and obtained his masters of business administration from Stan-ford University before his extensive, much respected career in the pulp and paper industry. He led the Boise Cas-cade Company for more than two dec-ades, taking on the position of presi-dent and chief executive officer in 1972 and chairman of the board in 1978. Throughout his 37-year career with the company, he built a legacy of sound judgement and expertise that led to his many honors, awards, and service on multiple boards. In addition to his esteemed business career, John and Dee have given gener-ously to many philanthropic efforts. His obituary aptly highlights some of their significant contributions to the community: ‘‘Whether attending the new Horsethief Reservoir Y Camp in Cascade, Idaho, learning about Birds of Prey at the World Center, enjoying the Idaho Shakespeare Festival and the park that he and Dee donated, attend-ing Medical School through the WWAMI program which John helped found as a means of training physicians for Idaho, staying at St. Alphonsus Re-gional Medical Center where John chaired the board and established its Foundation, receiving a grant from the Idaho Community Foundation, which exists today due to John’s leadership in its formation and growth, or receiving a scholarship to Boise’s Bishop Kelly High School, the University of Idaho, or Stanford, people will have experi-ences made possible by John and Dee’s vison and generosity.’’ John was also a dear friend to me. He encouraged me and was instrumental in inspiring my public service. His guidance, advice, and insight are for-ever etched in my life’s path, and I am deeply grateful for the time he took to help shape my service. I extend my deepest sympathies to Dee; their sons, Brent, Bruce, and Michael and their families; and their many other family members, loved ones, and friends. We are bettered for having had John in our lives. He leaves behind an enduring, loving, and joyful legacy.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE JEWISH COM-MUNITY ALLIANCE OF SOUTH-ERN MAINE ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Jewish Commu-nity Alliance in Portland, Maine, for their longstanding service and commit-ment to Maine’s Jewish community across southern Maine. In 1999, the Jewish Community Alli-ance of Southern Maine, JCA, was founded following a merger of the Jew-ish Community Center and the Jewish Federation. With a strong commitment to upholding Jewish values and cul-ture, the JCA provides diverse pro-grams for the entire community, edu-cating children, teens, and adults to better connect with their community and learn from one another. The orga-nization welcomes citizens of all back-grounds, encouraging a deeper under-standing of Jewish history, practice, and culture. The JCA understands the importance of supporting and educating future gen-erations through high-quality pro-gramming for children offered through-out the year. The JCA administers a nationally accredited preschool pro-gram, now in its 24th year, which pro-vides children with the opportunity to grow and learn in a safe and positive environment driven by Jewish values. Additionally, each summer, the JCA welcomes children of all faiths to the Center Day Camp, along the shores of Sebago Lake in Cumberland County, ME. Heading into its 68th summer, the Center Day Camp encourages Maine’s youth to explore new interests, build confidence and friendships, and develop new skills. The JCA also offers adult education classes to engage both Jewish and non- Jewish individuals, and to provide op-portunities to learn about a wide range of topics relating to Judaism and Jew-ish life. One such program, NextDor, offers peer-led social, cultural, and educational engagement guided by Jewish values to adults in their twenties, thirties, and early forties. The program is dedicated to engaging members in a variety of settings that are accessible, inclusive, and uniting to help encourage Jewish and non-Jewish participation. I would like to recognize the positive impact that the JCA has had in the lives of Maine’s citizens and its posi-tive impact in strengthening the Jew-ish community. Their ongoing commit-ment to a better and more prosperous tomorrow is to be commended, and their message of inclusiveness and en-gagement is a model for the entire State. I look forward to the continued success of the Jewish Community Alli-ance of Southern Maine, and to watch-ing their community grow and thrive. ∑ f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NA-TIONAL HISTORIC OREGON TRAIL INTERPRETIVE CENTER ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate the National His-toric Oregon Trail Interpretive Center in Baker, OR, on its 25th anniversary and to recognize the cultural and his-torical importance of this special place. Twenty-five years ago, volun-teers, philanthropists, and community leaders came together with the Bureau of Land Management to make this dream a reality, and today I want to honor them for their dedication to their community and the State of Or-egon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.049 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1889 March 21, 2017 
Since 1992, the Interpretive Center has brought to life the story of the Or-egon Trail. Through life-size displays, historical artifacts, and live perform-ances by historical interpreters, visi-tors to the center are transported back in time to the first days of Baker City. What started as a small goldmining town grew through the years as more emigrants arrived. These pioneers had fought through challenging conditions and traveled thousands of miles to reach Oregon, but had they not per-severed, the growth of this State could never have taken place. We owe it to those who blazed the trail before us to listen to their story, and we owe it to ourselves to take their lessons of perse-verance, innovation, and community spirit to heart. It is no coincidence that the commu-nity that came together to make the Interpretive Center possible, shares the characteristics of their ancestors. In the 1970s, Baker City was struggling to keep up with a changing economy. It took the innovative vision of modern- day pioneers, who recognized the cul-tural importance of this place, to bring its rich history back to life. Joining forces with the Bureau of Land Man-agement, community leaders worked together to create the Interpretive Center and jumpstarted Baker City’s growing tourism industry. Over 25 years, this community has continued to contribute to the sus-tained success of the Interpretive Cen-ter. From the hard-working caretakers of the center’s 4 miles of interpretive trails, to the philanthropy of individ-uals like the late Leo Adler who help sustain the center financially, the peo-ple of Baker City demonstrate every day the same spirit as the pioneers they honor. In this way, the story of the Interpretive Center mirrors the very story it tells. It stands today as a living testament to the value of learning from our past. Therefore, I wish today to not only cel-ebrate this milestone, but to encourage us all to reflect on the example set by both the pioneers of the Oregon Trail and those who continue to blaze new trails for their communities every day.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on March 16, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House had passed the following joint resolution, without amendment: S.J. Res. 1. Joint resolution approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on March 16, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following en-rolled bill: 
H.R. 1362. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on March 20, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on March 17, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following en-rolled joint resolutions: 
S.J. Res. 1. Joint resolution approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. H.J. Res. 42. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemploy-ment compensation applicants. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled joint resolutions were signed on March 20, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:32 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 132. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and ap-purtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Okla-homa, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes. H.R. 267. An act to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 382. An act to amend the Department of Agriculture program for research and ex-tension grants to increase participation by women and underrepresented minorities in the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics to redesignate the pro-gram as the ‘‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program’’. H.R. 648. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project to enable the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir. H.R. 1029. An act to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other ac-tivities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and for other purposes. H.R. 1181. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the conditions under which certain persons may be treated as ad-judicated mentally incompetent for certain purposes. H.R. 1228. An act to provide for the ap-pointment of members of the Board of Direc-tors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 1249. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a multiyear acquisition strategy of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. H.R. 1252. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for certain acquisition authorities for the Under Sec-retary of Management of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. H.R. 1259. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. H.R. 1294. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for congres-sional notification regarding major acquisi-tion program breaches, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 1309. An act to streamline the office and term of the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration, and for other purposes. H.R. 1367. An act to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physicians and other employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. The message also announced that pursuant to section 161(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2211), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives as Congressional Advisors on Trade Policy and Negotiations: Mr. N
EAL of Massachusetts and Mr. P AS-
CRELL of New Jersey. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 132. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and ap-purtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Okla-homa, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 267. An act to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 382. An act to amend the Department of Agriculture program for research and ex-tension grants to increase participation by women and underrepresented minorities in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.053 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1890 March 21, 2017 
the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics to redesignate the pro-gram as the ‘‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program’’; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H.R. 648. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project to enable the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 1029. An act to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other ac-tivities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H.R. 1249. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a multiyear acquisition strategy of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 1252. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for certain acquisition authorities for the Under Sec-retary of Management of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 1259. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1294. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for congres-sional notification regarding major acquisi-tion program breaches, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 1309. An act to streamline the office and term of the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 1367. An act to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physicians and other employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first time: H.R. 1181. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the conditions under which certain persons may be treated as ad-judicated mentally incompetent for certain purposes. f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on March 20, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled joint res-olution: 
S.J. Res. 1. Joint resolution approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): S. 669. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facili-ties that were constructed to provide af-fected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facilities and struc-tures to improve those conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. GRASSLEY , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. I SAK-
SON): S. 670. A bill to provide for the regulation of over-the-counter hearing aids; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 671. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come certain amounts realized on the dis-position of property raised or produced by a student farmer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 672. A bill to require a report on designa-tion of North Korea as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. K AINE, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 673. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to decrease the distance away from home required for a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces to be eligible for the above-the-line deduction for travel expenses; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 674. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify the retirement income account rules relating to church con-trolled organizations; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 675. A bill to amend and reauthorize cer-tain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 676. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs to review regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. E
NZI, and Mr. R ISCH): S. 677. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construc-tion of new surface water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture and to designate the Bureau of Rec-lamation as the lead agency for permit proc-essing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN, Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. 678. A bill to delcare English as the offi-cial language of the United States, to estab-lish a uniform English language rule for nat-uralization, and to avoid misconstructions of the English language texts of the laws of the United States, pursuant to Congress’ powers to provide for the general welfare of the United States and to establish a uniform rule of naturalization under article I, section 8, of the Constitution; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. BLUMENTHAL ): S. 679. A bill to require the disclosure of in-formation relating to cyberattacks on air-craft systems and maintenance and ground support systems for aircraft, to identify and address cybersecurity vulnerabilities to the United States commercial aviation system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 680. A bill to protect consumers from se-curity and privacy threats to their motor ve-hicles, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN, Mr. K AINE, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 681. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to women veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. K ING, and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 682. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax re-funds; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, and Mr. K ING): S. 683. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the requirement to provide nursing home care to certain vet-erans with service-connected disabilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 684. A bill to establish a national, re-search-based, and comprehensive home study assessment process for the evaluation of pro-spective foster parents and adoptive parents and provide funding to States and Indian tribes to adopt such process; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 685. A bill to authorize the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water Sys-tem in the States of Montana and North Da-kota, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 686. A bill to amend the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act of 1995 to provide for regu-latory impact analyses for certain rules and consideration of the least burdensome regu-latory alternative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 687. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to authorize a State to reimburse cer-tain costs incurred by the State in providing training to workers after a petition for cer-tification of eligibility for trade adjustment assistance has been filed, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. TESTER: S. 688. A bill to suspend the importation of beef and poultry from Brazil; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 689. A bill to provide women with in-creased access to preventive and life-saving cancer screening; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\S21MR7.REC S21MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1891 March 21, 2017 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 690. A bill to extend the eligibility of re-designated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 691. A bill to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe-Eastern Divi-sion, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappa-hannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Na-tion, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 692. A bill to provide for integrated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Munic-ipal Ombudsman, to promote green infra-structure, and to require the revision of fi-nancial capability guidance; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C OONS , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. Res. 90. A resolution recognizing the im-portance of the United States-Israel eco-nomic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. STABENOW: S. Res. 91. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Professional So-cial Work Month in March 2017 and World Social Work Day on March 21, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. Con. Res. 10. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of the Navy should name the next nu-clear powered submarine of the United States Navy the ‘‘USS Los Alamos’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 26 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 26, a bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to re-quire the disclosure of certain tax re-turns by Presidents and certain can-didates for the office of the President, and for other purposes. 
S. 65 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 65, a bill to address finan-cial conflicts of interest of the Presi-dent and Vice President. 
S. 130 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 130, a bill to require enforce-ment against misbranded milk alter-natives. S. 188 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 188, a bill to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Fed-eral Government. 
S. 223 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 223, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 260 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 260, a bill to repeal the provi-sions of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriv-ing through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other pur-poses. 
S. 378 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 378, a bill to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require the maintenance of databases on awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain adminis-trative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes. S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary reg-istry to collect data on cancer inci-dence among firefighters. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the ex-posure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Viet-nam, and for other purposes. 
S. 438 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 438, a bill to encourage effective, voluntary investments to re-cruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, supra. 
S. 461 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 461, a bill to allow Home-land Security Grant Program funds to be used to safeguard faith-based com-munity centers across the United States, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.021 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1892 March 21, 2017 
S. 464 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 464, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a permanent Independence at Home med-ical practice program under the Medi-care program. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 480 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 480, a bill to reauthorize the Multinational Species Conserva-tion Funds Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 493 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) were added as cosponsors of S. 493, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 512, a bill to mod-ernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 537 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 537, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with re-spect to arbitration. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 544 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN HOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 544, a bill to amend Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Veterans Choice Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 546 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. COCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 546, a bill to reduce tempo-rarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 567 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 567, a bill to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings as-sociations to elect to operate as na-tional banks, and for other purposes. 
S. 573 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 573, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 576 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 576, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protec-tions against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes. 
S. 582 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 582, a bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligi-bility for the program of comprehen-sive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to partici-pants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require as-sistance in everyday life, and for other purposes. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restora-tion Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 618 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 618, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to more com-prehensively address the interstate transportation of firearms or ammuni-tion. 
S. 625 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN HOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 625, a bill to preserve the integrity of American elections by providing the Attorney General with the investigative tools to identify and prosecute foreign agents who seek to circumvent Federal reg-istration requirements and unlawfully influence the political process. S. 630 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 630, a bill to amend the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 to make 2,500 visas available for the Af-ghan Special Immigrant Visa program, and for other purposes. 
S. 635 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 635, a bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prohibit the exclusion of individuals from service on a Federal jury on account of sexual orientation or gender identity. 
S. 636 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 636, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 657 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 657, a bill to provide for the publication by the Secretary of Health and Human Services of physical activ-ity recommendations for Americans. 
S. 659 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 659, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to the People’s Republic of China in relation to activities in the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 27 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 27, a joint resolution disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor re-lating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’. 
S.J. RES. 34 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 34, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Serv-ices’’. 
S. RES. 83 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.023 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1893 March 21, 2017 
Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 83, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 691. A bill to extend Federal rec-ognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe- Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President. I am pleased to reintroduce the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal Recognition Act of 2017. Indian Affairs previously voted our bill out of committee in the 113th Congress and by voice vote in the 114th Congress, and we remain hopeful that the full Senate will finally vote to recognize our Tribes in the 115th Congress. This month marks the 400th anniver-sary of the death of Pocahontas, the fa-mous daughter of Chief Powhatan, whose tribes were among the first to make contact with English settlers in the 17th century. Today, as we intro-duce this bill, a delegation from the Commonwealth, including Chief Ste-phen Adkins of the Chickahominy, Chief Anne Richardson of the Rappa-hannock, and Chief Emeritus Ken Adams of the Upper Mattaponi, is in England to commemorate the anniver-sary, including a presentation and ceremony at St. George’s Church, Gravesend to honor Pocahontas. The ceremony reflects the sovereign recognition that the British Govern-ment grants to our Virginia tribes, which the United States has yet to ac-knowledge. This legislation is criti-cally important because it strives to-ward reconciling an historic wrong for Virginia and the Nation. While the Vir-ginia Tribes have received official rec-ognition from the Commonwealth of Virginia, acknowledgement and offi-cially-recognized status from the Fed-eral Government has been considerably more difficult due to their systematic mistreatment over the past century. More specifically, Virginia’s Racial Integrity Act, a State law in effect from 1924 to 1967, stripped the identi-ties of the Tribal members of Virginia’s Indian Tribes. The act changed the ra-cial identifications of those who lacked White ancestry to ‘‘colored’’ on birth certificates during that period. In addi-tion, five of the six courthouses that held the vast majority of the Virginia Indian Tribal records were destroyed in the Civil War. Those records were cru-cial for documenting the history of the Tribes for recognition by the Bureau of Indian Affairs Office of Federal Ac-knowledgement. Furthermore, Virginia Indians made peace too soon when they signed the Treaty of Middle Plantation with Eng-land in 1677. This predated the creation of the United States of America by just short of 100 years, and the Founding Fathers of the United States never rec-ognized the treaty. Therefore, unlike tribes that received Federal recogni-tion upon the signing of a treaty with the United States, the Virginia Tribes did not receive Federal recognition be-cause they made peace with England prior to the founding of our Nation. I am proud of Virginia’s recognized Indian Tribes and their contributions to our Commonwealth. The Virginia Tribes are not only part of our history, but they remain ever present today. We go to school together, work together, and serve our Commonwealth and Na-tion together every day. These con-tributions should be acknowledged, and this Federal recognition for Virginia’s Native peoples is long overdue. Virginia’s Indian Tribes contributed to the successful founding of our coun-try and continue to help define our na-tional identity. Their members have attended our schools, worked next to us, and served in every American war since the Revolution, all while main-taining a unique identity and culture. I am hopeful the Senate will act upon my legislation this year, to give these six Virginia Native American Tribes the Federal recognition that is long overdue. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 685. A bill to authorize the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, water is a basic foundation of life. In Montana, we depend on a steady supply of water to drink, irrigate our crops, water our livestock, and provide energy through hydropower. Water is a precious re-source, and there are still rural com-munities that face barriers to access and are in dire need of clean drinking water. The struggle for water con-tinues to create health challenges for Indian Country and nearby commu-nities, in addition to making economic development more difficult. There are approximately 35,000 Amer-icans across 12 counties in both Mon-tana and North Dakota whose existing public water supply systems are unable to provide them with water that meets the requirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act. The Bureau of Reclamation plays a critical role in managing the storage and delivery of water in the Western United States. Some of the earliest water projects built by the Bureau were built in Montana. These projects provided critical infrastructure for Montana homesteaders and were of critical importance to the long-term growth of our State. They are still vital today. That is why I am introducing the Clean Water for Rural Communities Act. This legislation would authorize the Bureau of Reclamation to provide Federal assistance for the planning, de-sign, and construction of the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in Montana and North Dakota. The Dry-Redwater and Musselshell-Judith rural water projects have spent 7 and 11 years, respectively, in deliberation with the Bureau, as well as $4 million and $3 million in State, local, and Federal funding. It is critical we provide the Bureau of Rec-lamation the necessary authorization to complete these projects and provide clean and reliable water to 35,000 Mon-tanans and North Dakotans. I thank Senator TESTER for being an original cosponsor of this bill. I ask my Senate colleagues to join us in support of this important legislation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 685 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clean Water for Rural Communities Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to ensure a safe and adequate municipal, rural, and indus-trial water supply for the citizens of— (1) Dawson, Garfield, McCone, Prairie, Richland, Judith Basin, Wheatland, Golden Valley, Fergus, Yellowstone, and Musselshell Counties in the State of Montana; and (2) McKenzie County, North Dakota. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration. (2) A
UTHORITY .—The term ‘‘Authority’’ means— (A) in the case of the Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System— (i) the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-thority, which is a publicly owned nonprofit water authority formed in accordance with Mont. Code Ann. § 75–6–302 (2007); and (ii) any nonprofit successor entity to the Authority described in clause (i); and (B) in the case of the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System— (i) the Central Montana Regional Water Authority, which is a publicly owned non-profit water authority formed in accordance with Mont. Code Ann. § 75–6–302 (2007); and (ii) any nonprofit successor entity to the Authority described in clause (i). (3) D
RY-REDWATER REGIONAL WATER AU -
THORITY SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System’’ means the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System authorized under section 4(a)(1) with a project service area that includes— (A) Garfield and McCone Counties in the State; (B) the area west of the Yellowstone River in Dawson and Richland Counties in the State; (C) T. 15 N. (including the area north of the Township) in Prairie County in the State; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.025 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1894 March 21, 2017 
(D) the portion of McKenzie County, North Dakota, that includes all land that is located west of the Yellowstone River in the State of North Dakota. (4) I
NTEGRATED SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘inte-grated system’’ means the transmission sys-tem owned by the Western Area Power Ad-ministration Basin Electric Power District and the Heartland Consumers Power Dis-trict. (5) M
USSELSHELL -JUDITH RURAL WATER SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘‘Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System’’ means the Musselshell-Ju-dith Rural Water System authorized under section 4(a)(2) with a project service area that includes— (A) Judith Basin, Wheatland, Golden Val-ley, and Musselshell Counties in the State; (B) the portion of Yellowstone County in the State within 2 miles of State Highway 3 and within 4 miles of the county line be-tween Golden Valley and Yellowstone Coun-ties in the State, inclusive of the Town of Broadview, Montana; and (C) the portion of Fergus County in the State within 2 miles of US Highway 87 and within 4 miles of the county line between Fergus and Judith Basin Counties in the State, inclusive of the Town of Moore, Mon-tana. (6) N
ON-FEDERAL DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM .— The term ‘‘non-Federal distribution system’’ means a non-Federal utility that provides electricity to the counties covered by the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System. (7) P
ICK-SLOAN PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Pick- Sloan program’’ means the Pick-Sloan Mis-souri River Basin Program (authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665)). (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (9) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Montana. (10) W
ATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Water Sys-tem’’ means— (A) the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-thority System; and (B) the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System. 
SEC. 4. DRY-REDWATER REGIONAL WATER AU-THORITY SYSTEM AND MUSSELSHELL-JUDITH RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may carry out— (1) the project entitled the ‘‘Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System’’ in a manner that is substantially in accordance with the feasibility study entitled ‘‘Dry- Redwater Regional Water System Feasi-bility Study’’ (including revisions of the study), which received funding from the Bu-reau of Reclamation on September 1, 2010; and (2) the project entitled the ‘‘Musselshell- Judith Rural Water System’’ in a manner that is substantially in accordance with the feasibility report entitled ‘‘Musselshell-Ju-dith Rural Water System Feasibility Re-port’’ (including any and all revisions of the report). (b) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—The Sec-retary shall enter into a cooperative agree-ment with the Authority to provide Federal assistance for the planning, design, and con-struction of the Water Systems. (c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .— (1) F
EDERAL SHARE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the costs relating to the planning, design, and construction of the Water Systems shall not exceed— (i) in the case of the Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System— (I) 75 percent of the total cost of the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System; or (II) such other lesser amount as may be de-termined by the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation, in a feasi-bility report; or (ii) in the case of the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System, 75 percent of the total cost of the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System. (B) LIMITATION .—Amounts made available under subparagraph (A) shall not be return-able or reimbursable under the reclamation laws. (2) U
SE OF FEDERAL FUNDS .— (A) G
ENERAL USES .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (C), the Water Systems may use Federal funds made available to carry out this section for— (i) facilities relating to— (I) water pumping; (II) water treatment; and (III) water storage; (ii) transmission pipelines; (iii) pumping stations; (iv) appurtenant buildings, maintenance equipment, and access roads; (v) any interconnection facility that con-nects a pipeline of the Water System to a pipeline of a public water system; (vi) electrical power transmission and dis-tribution facilities required for the operation and maintenance of the Water System; (vii) any other facility or service required for the development of a rural water dis-tribution system, as determined by the Sec-retary; and (viii) any property or property right re-quired for the construction or operation of a facility described in this subsection. (B) A
DDITIONAL USES .—In addition to the uses described in subparagraph (A)— (i) the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-thority System may use Federal funds made available to carry out this section for— (I) facilities relating to water intake; and (II) distribution, pumping, and storage fa-cilities that— (aa) serve the needs of citizens who use public water systems; (bb) are in existence on the date of enact-ment of this Act; and (cc) may be purchased, improved, and re-paired in accordance with a cooperative agreement entered into by the Secretary under subsection (b); and (ii) the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System may use Federal funds made avail-able to carry out this section for— (I) facilities relating to— (aa) water supply wells; and (bb) distribution pipelines; and (II) control systems. (C) L
IMITATION .—Federal funds made avail-able to carry out this section shall not be used for the operation, maintenance, or re-placement of the Water Systems. (D) T
ITLE.—Title to the Water Systems shall be held by the Authority. 
SEC. 5. USE OF POWER FROM PICK-SLOAN PRO-GRAM BY THE DRY-REDWATER RE-GIONAL WATER AUTHORITY SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that— (1) McCone and Garfield Counties in the State were designated as impact counties during the period in which the Fort Peck Dam was constructed; and (2) as a result of the designation, the Coun-ties referred to in paragraph (1) were to re-ceive impact mitigation benefits in accord-ance with the Pick-Sloan program. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF POWER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Administrator shall make available to the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System a quantity of power required, of up to 1
1⁄2megawatt capacity, to meet the pump-ing and incidental operation requirements of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System during the period beginning on May 1 and ending on October 31 of each year— (A) from the water intake facilities; and (B) through all pumping stations, water treatment facilities, reservoirs, storage tanks, and pipelines up to the point of deliv-ery of water by the water supply system to all storage reservoirs and tanks and each en-tity that distributes water at retail to indi-vidual users. (2) ELIGIBILITY .—The Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System shall be eli-gible to receive power under paragraph (1) if the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System— (A) operates on a not-for-profit basis; and (B) is constructed pursuant to a coopera-tive agreement entered into by the Secretary under section 4(b). (3) R
ATE.—The Administrator shall estab-lish the cost of the power described in para-graph (1) at the firm power rate. (4) A
DDITIONAL POWER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If power, in addition to that made available to the Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System under para-graph (1), is necessary to meet the pumping requirements of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority, the Administrator may purchase the necessary additional power at the best available rate. (B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The cost of pur-chasing additional power shall be reimbursed to the Administrator by the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority. (5) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR POWER CHARGES .— The Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority shall be responsible for the payment of the power charge described in paragraph (4) and non-Federal delivery costs described in para-graph (6). (6) T
RANSMISSION ARRANGEMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System shall be re-sponsible for all non-Federal transmission and distribution system delivery and service arrangements. (B) U
PGRADES .—The Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System shall be re-sponsible for funding any transmission up-grades, if required, to the integrated system necessary to deliver power to the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System. 
SEC. 6. WATER RIGHTS. 
Nothing in this Act— (1) preempts or affects any State water law; or (2) affects any authority of a State, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, to manage water resources within that State. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are nec-essary to carry out the planning, design, and construction of the Water Systems, substan-tially in accordance with the cost estimate set forth in the applicable feasibility study or feasibility report described in section 4(a). (b) C
OSTINDEXING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) may be increased or decreased in accordance with ordinary fluctuations in development costs incurred after the applicable date specified in paragraph (2), as indicated by any avail-able engineering cost indices applicable to construction activities that are similar to the construction of the Water Systems. (2) A
PPLICABLE DATES .—The date referred to in paragraph (1) is— (A) in the case of the Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System, January 1, 2008; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.031 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1895 March 21, 2017 
(B) in the case of the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water Authority System, November 1, 2014. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 90—RECOG-NIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE UNITED STATES-ISRAEL ECONOMIC RELATIONSHIP AND ENCOURAGING NEW AREAS OF COOPERATION Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mr. R UBIO, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C OONS , Mr. K AINE, Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. T ESTER ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 90 Whereas the deep bond between the United States and Israel is exemplified by its many facets, including the robust economic and commercial relationship; Whereas, on April 22, 2015, the United States celebrated the 32nd anniversary of its free trade agreement with Israel, which was the first free trade agreement entered into by the United States; Whereas the United States-Israel Free Trade Agreement established the United States-Israel Joint Committee to facilitate the agreement and collaborate on efforts to increase bilateral cooperation and invest-ment; Whereas, since the signing of this agree-ment, two-way trade has multiplied tenfold to over $40,000,000,000 annually; Whereas Israel is the third largest im-porter of United States goods in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region after Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, despite representing only 2 percent of the re-gion’s population; Whereas nearly 40 percent (37 percent) of all investment in the United States from the MENA region comes from Israel; Whereas Israel has more companies listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange than any other country except for the United States and China; Whereas, in 1956, the United States-Israel Education Foundation was established to ad-minister the Fulbright Program in Israel, and has facilitated the exchange of nearly 3,300 students between the United States and Israel since its inception; Whereas, in 1972, the United States-Israel Binational Science Foundation (BSF) was es-tablished to promote scientific relations be-tween the United States and Israel by sup-porting collaborative research projects in basic and applied scientific fields, and has generated investments of over $480,000,000 to over 4,000 projects since its inception; Whereas Binational Science Foundation grant recipients have included 45 Nobel Lau-reates, 19 winners of the Albert Lasker Med-ical Research Award, and 38 recipients of the Wolf Prize; Whereas, in 1977, the United States-Israel Binational Industrial Research and Develop-ment Foundation (BIRD) was established to stimulate, promote, and support non-defense industrial research and development of mu-tual benefit to both countries in agriculture, communications, life sciences, electronics, electro-optics, energy, healthcare informa-tion technology, homeland security, soft-ware, water, and other technologies, and has provided over $300,000,000 to over 700 joint projects since its inception; Whereas recent successful BIRD projects include the ReWalk system that helps paraplegics walk, a medical teaching simu-lator for Laparoscopic Hysterectomies, and a new drug to treat chronic gout; Whereas, in 1978, the United States-Israel Binational Agricultural Research and Devel-opment Fund was established as a competi-tive funding program for mutually bene-ficial, mission-oriented, strategic and ap-plied research of agricultural problems con-ducted jointly by United States and Israeli scientists, and has provided over $250,000,000 to over 1,000 projects since its inception; Whereas an independent review of the United States-Israel Binational Agricultural Research and Development Fund (BARD) es-timated that the dollar benefits of just 10 of its projects through 2010 came to $440,000,000 in the United States and $300,000,000 in Israel, far exceeding total investment in the program; Whereas, in 1984, the United States and Israel began convening the Joint Economic Development Group (JEDG) to regularly dis-cuss economic conditions and identify new opportunities for collaboration; Whereas, in 1994, the United States-Israel Science and Technology Foundation (USISTF) was established to promote the ad-vancement of science and technology for mu-tual economic benefit and has developed joint research and development programs that reach 12 States; Whereas the United States-Israel Innova-tion Index (USI3), which was developed by USISTF to track and benchmark innovation relationships, ranks the United States-Israel innovation relationship as top-tier; Whereas, in 2007, the United States-Israel Binational Industrial Research and Develop-ment Foundation (BIRD) Energy program was established to provide support for joint United States-Israel research and develop-ment of renewable energy and energy effi-ciency, and has provided $18,000,000 to 20 joint projects since its founding; Whereas, since 2011, the United States De-partment of Energy and the Israeli Ministry of National Infrastructures, Energy and Water Resources have led an annual United States-Israel Energy Meeting with partici-pants across government agencies to facili-tate bilateral cooperation in that sector; Whereas, in 2012, Congress passed and President Barack Obama signed into law the United States-Israel Enhanced Security Co-operation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–150), which set United States policy to expand bi-lateral cooperation across the spectrum of civilian sectors, including high technology, agriculture, medicine, health, pharma-ceuticals, and energy; Whereas, in 2013, President Obama said in reference to Israel’s contribution to the glob-al economy, ‘‘That innovation is just as im-portant to the relationship between the United States and Israel as our security co-operation.’’; Whereas, in 2014, Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew said, ‘‘As one of the most techno-logically-advanced and innovative economies in the world, Israel is an important economic partner to the United States.’’; Whereas, in 2014, Congress passed and President Obama signed into law the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296), which deepened co-operation on energy, water, agriculture, trade, and defense, and expressed the sense of Congress that Israel is a major strategic partner of the United States; Whereas the 2015 Global Venture Capital Confidence Survey ranked the United States and Israel as the two countries with the highest levels of investor confidence in the world; and Whereas economic cooperation between the United States and Israel has also thrived at the State and local levels through both formal agreements and bilateral organiza-tions in over 30 States that have encouraged new forms of cooperation in fields such as water conservation, cybersecurity, and alter-native energy and farming technologies: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) affirms that the United States-Israel economic partnership has achieved great tangible and intangible benefits to both countries and is a foundational component of the strong alliance; (2) recognizes that science and technology innovation present promising new frontiers for United States-Israel economic coopera-tion, particularly in light of widespread drought, cybersecurity attacks, and other major challenges impacting the United States; (3) encourages the President to regularize and expand existing forums of economic dia-logue with Israel and foster both public and private sector participation; and (4) expresses support for the President to explore new agreements with Israel, includ-ing in the fields of energy, water, agri-culture, medicine, neurotechnology, and cy-bersecurity. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 91—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL PROFES-SIONAL SOCIAL WORK MONTH IN MARCH 2017 AND WORLD SOCIAL WORK DAY ON MARCH 21, 2017 Ms. STABENOW submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 91 Whereas the primary mission of the social work profession is to enhance the well-being and help meet the basic needs of all individ-uals, especially the most vulnerable individ-uals in society; Whereas social work pioneers have helped— (1) lead the struggle for social justice in the United States; and (2) pave the way for positive social change for millions of people of the United States each day; Whereas social workers work in all areas of United States society to improve happiness, health, and prosperity, including in govern-ment, schools, institutions of higher edu-cation, social service agencies, communities, the military, and mental health and health care facilities; Whereas social workers— (1) are key employees at the Federal, State, and local levels of government; and (2) work to expand policies and practices that promote equity and social justice for all individuals; Whereas, as of March 2017, there are almost 650,000 social workers in the United States, and social work is 1 of the fastest-growing careers in the United States; Whereas social workers help individuals, organizations, communities, and the larger society tackle and solve the issues that con-front the individuals, communities, and larg-er society; Whereas each day social workers embody the themes of— (A) National Professional Social Work Month in March 2017, which is ‘‘Social Work-ers Stand Up!’’; and (B) World Social Work Day on March 21, 2017, which is ‘‘Promoting Community and Environmental Stability’’; Whereas social workers have pushed for decades to ensure equal rights for all individ-uals, including women, African Americans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.031 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1896 March 21, 2017 
Latinos, individuals who are disabled, indi-viduals who are LGBTQ, and individuals of various ethnic, cultural, and religious groups; Whereas social workers have worked to re-duce racial discord by advocating for— (1) legislation, including— (A) the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); (B) each reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 1971 note; Public Law 89–110); (C) the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000a et seq.); (D) the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925 et seq.); and (E) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119); and (2) policies relating to— (A) benefits under the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); (B) unemployment insurance; and (C) workplace safety; Whereas social workers are the largest group of mental health care providers in the United States, and social workers work each day to help individuals overcome substance use disorders and mental illnesses, such as depression and anxiety; Whereas the Department of Veterans Af-fairs employs more than 12,000 professional social workers, and social workers help to bolster the security of the United States by providing support to active duty military personnel, veterans, and the families of ac-tive duty military personnel and veterans; Whereas thousands of child, family, and school social workers across the United States provide assistance to protect children and improve the social and psychological functioning of children and their families; Whereas social workers help children find loving homes and create new families through adoption; Whereas social workers in schools work with families and schools to foster future generations by ensuring that each student reaches the full academic and personal po-tential of the student; Whereas social workers work with older adults and the families of older adults— (1) to improve quality of life and the abil-ity to live independently as long as possible; and (2) to have access to quality health care and mental health care; and Whereas social workers help the United States and other nations overcome earth-quakes, floods, wars, and other disasters by helping survivors receive services, including food, shelter, health care, and mental health care to address stress and anxiety: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of — (A) National Professional Social Work Month in March 2017; and (B) World Social Work Day on March 21, 2017; (2) acknowledges the diligent efforts of each individual and group that promotes the importance of social work and observes Na-tional Professional Social Work Month and World Social Work Day; (3) encourages the people of the United States to engage in appropriate ceremonies and activities to promote further awareness of the life-changing role that social workers play; and (4) recognizes with gratitude the contribu-tions of the millions of caring individuals that have chosen to serve the community through social work. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 10—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY SHOULD NAME THE NEXT NU-CLEAR POWERED SUBMARINE OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY THE ‘‘USS LOS ALAMOS’’ Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. C ON. RES. 10 Whereas the people of Los Alamos and the Navy have a 74-year relationship that con-tinues from the Manhattan Project through the creation of a nuclear Navy and into the current ocean-borne leg of the strategic nu-clear triad of the United States; Whereas the contributions of the people of Los Alamos and surrounding communities allowed the Navy to keep its offensive edge from World War II, through the Cold War, continuing to the emerging conflicts as of the date of adoption of this resolution; Whereas Captain ‘‘Deke’’ Parsons was one of the first residents of Los Alamos and, along with Laureate Ramsey, oversaw the safe delivery, assembly and loading of the nuclear bomb that led to the surrender of Japan in World War II; Whereas the people of Los Alamos and sur-rounding communities played a critical role in designing the nuclear portion of the first nuclear weapon to enter the arsenal of the Navy, known as the Regulus, along with atomic depth bombs, torpedoes, rockets, and even next generation weapon systems like the B61-12 precision-guided nuclear bomb; Whereas the people of Los Alamos designed the warheads that armed the first generation Trident submarine-launched ballistic mis-siles of the Navy and the follow-on Trident II missile warheads used by the Navy; Whereas the research into nuclear energy conducted by Los Alamos during World War II advanced the technical basis for the devel-opment of the nuclear propulsion systems of the Navy used aboard Los Angeles, Seawolf, Ohio, and Virginia Class submarines along with multiple naval aircraft carriers today; Whereas the people of Los Alamos and Los Alamos National Laboratory host United States Naval Academy midshipmen every year to provide hands-on scientific and engi-neering experience working to solve real world challenges in national security, there-by directly contributing to the development of future Navy leadership; Whereas the people of Los Alamos carry the solemn responsibility to assess the sea- based nuclear deterrent carried aboard Navy fleet ballistic missile submarines; Whereas naming a submarine Los Alamos will recognize and continue to forge the longstanding relationship between the Navy and Los Alamos; Whereas the year 2018 will mark the 75th anniversary of Los Alamos National Labora-tory; and Whereas the distinctive service and con-tributions from the people of Los Alamos to the Navy merits naming a vessel that em-bodies the heritage, service, fidelity, and achievements of the residents of Los Alamos and surrounding communities in partnership with the United States Navy; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of the Navy should name the next nuclear powered submarine of the United States Navy as the ‘‘USS Los Alamos’’. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 192. Mr. BLUNT proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 244, to encourage effec-tive, voluntary investments to recruit, em-ploy, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with an-nual Federal awards to employers recog-nizing such efforts, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 192. Mr. BLUNT proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 244, to en-courage effective, voluntary invest-ments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employers recog-nizing such efforts, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
On page 9, strike lines 11 through 18. On page 9, line 19, strike ‘‘(b) U
NLAWFUL  D
ISPLAY PROHIBITED .—’’. On page 12, lines 18 through 19, strike ‘‘, as defined in such section’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 21, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., to receive testimony on U.S. Policy and Strategy in Europe. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 21, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., to continue a hearing entitled ‘‘The Nomination of the Honorable Neil M. Gorsuch’’. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Tuesday, March 21, 2017, beginning at 10 a.m. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 21, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 21, 2017. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, March 21, 2017 from 2:30 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.033 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1897 March 21, 2017 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSUMER PROTECTION , 
PRODUCT SAFETY , INSURANCE , AND DATA SE -
CURITY  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, March 21, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. The Committee will hold Sub-committee Hearing on ‘‘Staying a Step Ahead: Fighting Back Against scams Used to Defraud Americans.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted to the following mem-ber of my staff, Ariana Spawn. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MARCH 2017 AS ‘‘NATIONAL COLORECTAL CANCER AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ On Wednesday, March 15, 2017, the Senate adopted S. Res. 89, with its pre-amble, as follows: 
S. R ES. 89 Whereas colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among men and women combined in the United States; Whereas, in 2017, more than 135,430 individ-uals in the United States will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer and approximately 50,260 more will die from it; Whereas colorectal cancer is one of the most preventable forms of cancer because screening tests can find polyps that can be removed before becoming cancerous; Whereas screening tests can detect colorectal cancer early, which is when treat-ment works best; Whereas the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that if every indi-vidual who is 50 years of age or older had regular screening tests, as many as 60 per-cent of deaths from colorectal cancer could be prevented; Whereas the 5-year survival rate for pa-tients with localized colorectal cancer is 90 percent, but only 39 percent of all diagnoses occur at that stage; Whereas colorectal cancer screenings can effectively reduce the incidence of colorectal cancer and mortality, but 1 in 3 adults be-tween 50 and 75 years of age are not up to date with recommended colorectal cancer screening; Whereas public awareness and education campaigns on colorectal cancer prevention, screening, and symptoms are held during the month of March each year; and Whereas educational efforts can help pro-vide to the public information on methods of prevention and screening, as well as symp-toms for early detection: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports— (A) the designation of March 2017 as ‘‘Na-tional Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month’’; and (B) the goals and ideals of National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month with appropriate aware-ness and educational activities. PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINT-MENT OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 1228, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1228) to provide for the ap-pointment of members of the Board of Direc-tors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1228) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
HIRE VETS ACT Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 244 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 244) to encourage effective, vol-untary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Fed-eral awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Blunt amendment at the desk be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 192) was agreed to, as follows: 
On page 9, strike lines 11 through 18. On page 9, line 19, strike ‘‘(b) U
NLAWFUL  D
ISPLAY PROHIBITED .—’’. On page 12, lines 18 through 19, strike ‘‘, as defined in such section’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 244), as amended, was passed. RECOGNIZING THE 196TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF GREECE Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Foreign Relations Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 81 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 81) recognizing the 196th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 81) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 6, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 1181 Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I un-derstand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1181) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the conditions under which certain persons may be treated as ad-judicated mentally incompetent for certain purposes. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the title of the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 2017 Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 22; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.037 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1898 March 21, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:05 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, March 22, 2017, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
HEATHER WILSON, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE SEC-RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, VICE DEBORAH LEE JAMES. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
JEFFREY A. ROSEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION, VICE VICTOR M. MENDEZ. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
DAVID MALPASS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AN UNDER SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE D. NATHAN SHEETS. 
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
COURTNEY ELWOOD, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, VICE CAROLINE DIANE KRASS, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
AMUL R. THAPAR, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT, VICE BOYCE F. MARTIN JR., RETIRED. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) RICHARD A. BROWN REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES S. BYNUM REAR ADM. (LH) DARYL L. CAUDLE REAR ADM. (LH) RICHARD A. CORRELL REAR ADM. (LH) RANDY B. CRITES REAR ADM. (LH) DANIEL H. FILLION REAR ADM. (LH) COLLIN P. GREEN REAR ADM. (LH) MARY M. JACKSON REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES W. KILBY REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES J. MALLOY REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN W. TAMMEN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. WILLIAM C. GREENE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. WILLIAM S. DILLON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN A. OKON CAPT. MICHAEL W. STUDEMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KEVIN M. JONES CAPT. THOMAS J. MOREAU THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. EDWARD L. ANDERSON CAPT. STUART P. BAKER CAPT. MICHAEL D. BERNACCHI, JR. CAPT. FRANK M. BRADLEY CAPT. DANIEL L. CHEEVER CAPT. YVETTE M. DAVIDS CAPT. BRIAN P. FORT CAPT. PETER A. GARVIN CAPT. WILLIAM J. HOUSTON CAPT. SARA A. JOYNER CAPT. FREDERICK W. KACHER CAPT. TIMOTHY C. KUEHHAS CAPT. CARL A. LAHTI CAPT. ANDREW J. LOISELLE CAPT. DOUGLAS G. PERRY CAPT. FRED I. PYLE CAPT. ERIK M. ROSS CAPT. PAUL J. SCHLISE CAPT. PETER G. VASELY CAPT. JAMES P. WATERS III 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID G. BELLON BRIG. GEN. PATRICK J. HERMESMANN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. EDWARD D. BANTA BRIG. GEN. ROBERT F. CASTELLVI BRIG. GEN. MATTHEW G. GLAVY BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL S. GROEN BRIG. GEN. KEVIN M. IIAMS BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM F. MULLEN III BRIG. GEN. GREGG P. OLSON BRIG. GEN. ERIC M. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL S. MARTIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES H. ADAMS III COL. ERIC E. AUSTIN COL. JAY M. BARGERON COL. MICHAEL J. BORGSCHULTE COL. WILLIAM J. BOWERS COL. DIMITRI HENRY COL. KEITH D. REVENTLOW COL. ROBERTA L. SHEA COL. BENJAMIN T. WATSON COL. CHRISTIAN F. WORTMAN 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR PRO-MOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MIN-ISTER: ALEXANDER DICKIE IV, OF TEXAS 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate March 21, 2017: 
UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
CHARLES R. BREYER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 31, 2021. DANNY C. REEVES, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 31, 2019. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on March 21, 2017 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nation: 
VINCENT VIOLA, OF NEW YORK, TO BE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, VICE ERIC KENNETH FANNING, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 20, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G21MR6.058 S21MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE353 March 21, 2017 
TRIBUTES HONORING FORMER CONGRESSMAN FALEOMAVAEGA ENI FA’AUA’A HUNKIN, JR. 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend and former Member of Congress Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin who served honorably as the rep-resentative for American Samoa for 26 years. I want to thank everyone for being here and particularly want to acknowledge my friend Hinanui Hunkin, who came all the way from Utah with her children to be at this service. Because he spent over 30 years of his career in the nation’s capital, it is only fitting to have a memorial service for Eni here. He would be gratified to see how he touched so many peo-ple who would come out to pay tribute to him. Congressman Faleomavaega was a soldier and a statesman who dedicated his entire life to serving the United States and the people of American Samoa. Indeed, his entire career was devoted to public service and social jus-tice. He was a champion of Native Americans, Native Hawaiians and the Melanesian natives of West Papua. His causes were many. He strenuously fought against nuclear weaponry, from confronting France in French Polynesia over nuclear testing to pressing for nuclear cleanup in Central Asia. He took up the cause of Korean comfort women, expressed concern about disputes in the South China Sea and even helped solve land disputes in Rapa Nui. Even as his health began to deteriorate, he re-fused to cut back his workload or give up any of his important causes. Although we had our political differences, it never affected our personal friendship or de-votion to the people of American Samoa. There was very little on which we disagreed when it came to the territory and, in fact, when I came into office, I picked up right where he left off in a lawsuit before the U.S. Supreme Court involving Samoan citizenship and voting rights. We both believed American Samoa’s political should not be decided in a federal courtroom thousands of miles away; most im-portantly, it should be decided by our own people at a time of own choosing. Our ap-proaches to issues were different and that often put us at odds with one another, but it was always with the utmost respect and grace, which allowed us to form the bond that we would come to share . . . One I am very thankful for, and will never forget. Ours was a true friendship that demonstrated that, despite our differences in political party, we can all come together for the good of those we serve. Partisan differences on national issues never interfered with our relationship because we were very much of one mind when it came to federal policy and funding for American Samoa. As a veteran, whose long-term health suf-fered due to his service in Vietnam, Eni dedi-cated his life to improving the conditions for our veterans in American Samoa, and took great pride in securing funds to build the local VA Clinic, which has served our veterans well. Although I myself am not a veteran, I come from a family with a strong military tradition. My grandfather, father, several brothers and three nephews are, so I appreciate the needs of our veterans and am as devoted to them as Eni was. As a member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, I was in a position to offer legisla-tion to name our local VA clinic in his honor. He was primarily responsible for the establish-ment of this clinic, so I could think of no more appropriate way to permanently honor his memory and legacy than by dedicating the clinic to him. Because of his long service in the House, he is remembered by many Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle who helped smooth the path for this tribute. As much as people complain about the slowness of the legislative process, my bill passed the House in less than a week, the Senate passed it a week later and in short order it was on the president’s desk for signature. After enactment of this legislation, I made arrangements for Members to speak of their colleague Eni on the floor of the House and am pleased to say that those tributes were de-livered for the record, in addition to press statements made and remarks by several members on the Floor when we debated the VA clinic bill. In most of the stories written about Eni’s passing, he was described as the longest serving Member of Congress in Amer-ican Samoa’s history. That is a title I expect will be his alone for many, many years to come, perhaps forever. Goodbye My friend. Farewell and God-speed. (The Samoan version is as follows): E muamua ona ou Fa’atulou Le Pa’ia o le Maota Namu Asi, i le Paia O le lagi, ma le lagi, ma le lagi tulou, tulouna ia, tulouna lava. O Paia o le aufaigaluega totofi a le Atua i ona Tafa’i Va’aia, ou to fa’atulou atu. E le vaea fo’i le fala fofola loa o Samoa mai Saua e o’o atu i Salafai nu’unu’u atu fa’atini o tausala. O lo’o mamalu fo’i le aofia i le Afio Mai O Le Kovana Sili o le malo o Amerika Samoa, le tofa i le to’oto’o ia Lolo Moliga ma le Masiofo ia Cynthia, le afio i le Lutena Kovana ma le kapeneta, le paia o maota e lua i le afio o le Peresetene ma le senate, le Fofogafetalai ma le Maota o Sui, o le mamalu lava lea o le afio o le fa’amasino sili ma le vaega o fa’amasinoga tulou, tulou lava. E le fa’agaloina le tapuaiga i uso i sisifo i le afio i le ao o le malo tuto’atasi, le Palemia ma le Palemene o Samoa, ma le usoga ia Tumua ma Pule. Ua tu mai nei Lagi le laga’ali a Tamafaiga, a ua tagita’amilo le Manuali’i ina ua ta’ape papa, ae tafea le tau’ofe i le Afioga a Faleomavaega Eni Hunkin sa tu i le tofi o lo’o o’u tauaveina nei i Uosigitone. O le lagia lava lea o le Tafatolu o lau faigamalo Amerika Samoa, tulou, tulou, tulou, tulouna lava. Taluai o lea ua ou tula’i mai i le tofi Faipule i le Konekeresi i le Laumua i Uosigitone, o lea ou te fa’apea atu ai i le Faletua ia Hinanui ma le nofo a Alo loto fa’avauvau aemaise le tagi mai ala o le paia i Aiga ma Paolo ma Gafa sili i lagi tainane le Malo o Amerika Samoa ma le tapuaiga I le Malo Tuto’atasi i le Usoga Tumua ma Pule: ‘‘Amuia e fa’anoanoa, aua e fa’amafanafanaina i latou.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATION OF THE LIFE OF ENI F.H. FALEOMAVAEGA 
HON. COLLEEN HANABUSA 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I remember the first time I met Eni. It was in the Supreme Court of the State of Hawaii. As the Judiciary and Hawaiian Affairs Chair for the Hawaii State Senate, I was speaking on behalf of a Circuit Court Judge, the first of American Sa-moan ancestry who was confirmed by the Senate and there to receive his oath of office. Eni was there, the Delegate to the Congress of the United States from American Samoa, to show his support for the Judge. Eni was so proud, as if he was being sworn in. I do know that American Samoans in Hawaii looked up to Eni as if he was their ultimate role model. I was fortunate to serve four years in the House of Representatives with Eni. I learned from him how we each represent a constitu-ency that deserves our advocacy, albeit that we may come from islands in the vast Pacific Ocean. I learned that our voices are equal to our colleagues and it is up to us to ensure that we are heard. My favorite memory of Eni comes from 2012 when he performed the formal Samoan dance with his niece to honor the retirement of our much beloved and respected Senator Daniel K. Akaka. Eni told me Senator Akaka was his friend and his Senator. Eni proudly showed me his tattoos, made the traditional way. I was in awe of his strength and perseverance. Most importantly, I will never forget the friendship of Eni and his wonderful smile and big bear hug I was so fortunate to receive whenever I saw him. Upon my return to Con-gress, my first questions were about Eni and if anyone had seen him. I will miss you my friend. My condolences to his wife, Hinanui Bambridge Cave, and their five children. Mahalo (Thank You) for sharing him with us for all these years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.001 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE354 March 21, 2017 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF REP. ENI FALEOMAVAEGA OF AMERICAN SAMOA 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of my good friend and our former colleague from American Samoa, Congressman Eni Faleomavaega, who passed away on February 22, 2017. Throughout his 26 years here in the House of Representatives, Eni was a tireless champion for the people of American Samoa, an advo-cate for the U.S. territories, and leader on issues affecting the Asian American and Pa-cific Islander community. He was also a leader on the House Foreign Affairs Committee on issues important to the Asia-Pacific region. More importantly, he got leaders in Congress and in administration after administration to focus on the importance of the Pacific Islands. We are often overlooked in grand Asia strat-egy but he got policymakers to understand our importance to the world community. I am proud to have worked with Eni on a number of issues that impact the Asia-Pacific region and the 4.5 million Americans living in the territories. For much of my time here in Congress, Eni was the longest serving rep-resentative from a U.S. territory, so he was the Dean of what we refer to as our Territorial Caucus. I leaned on his advice and appre-ciated his insightful perspectives that were grounded in not only his almost three decades as a Member of Congress, but also his work in public service as American Samoa’s Lieu-tenant Governor and Deputy Attorney General, as a staffer here on Capitol Hill, and service in the U.S. Army. He, like many Members in this body, fought hard to secure much needed federal funding for American Samoa. Eni had a broad vision but never forgot his constitu-ents. He never forgot the people that gave him the privilege to serve in this esteemed body. His depth of knowledge and compassion for the less fortunate were evident to everyone he met, and I will look back fondly on the work that we did together in Congress. Eni’s passing is a great loss for the people of American Samoa and all Americans, and we are all better for having known him. I ex-tend my sincere condolences to his family, loved ones, and the people of American Samoa, and I join them in celebrating his memory. I thank my colleague from American Samoa, Congresswoman R
ADEWAGEN for or- ganizing this Special Order, so that this body can appropriately honor and pay tribute to Congressman Faleomavaega for his years of dedicated service to his constituents and to our nation. He is deeply missed, but he will forever be remembered by all who he served. 
f 
ENI FA’AUA’A HUNKIN FALEOMAVAEGA, JR. 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the extraordinary life of Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin Faleomavaega, Jr., who passed away last month at the age of 73. Eni Faleomavaega was not only my colleague, he was my friend. Eni was the senior delegate and, therefore, the dean of the delegates. We became friends from the time I was elected in 1990. Eni was as affable as he was serious and dedicated to his constituents in American Samoa. He was the first person of Asian-Pacific descent to chair the House Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and the Global Environment, later serving as ranking member. Eni was fully prepared for his leadership roles in the Congress. He served his country for three years during the Vietnam War. Eni put his education at Brigham Young University and the University of Houston Law Center to a lifetime of public service. He served the peo-ple of American Samoa in critical positions. Eni Faleomavaega was deputy attorney gen-eral and, later, lieutenant governor of Amer-ican Samoa. Eni was the administrative assist-ant to American Samoa Delegate A.U. Fuimaono before he was elected to that posi-tion himself in 1988. Even though the District of Columbia pays federal taxes (highest per capita in the U.S.), the delegates have much in common and al-ways worked together. When I discovered that the D.C. flag was not carried by D.C. troops as state troops do, further investigation showed that the troops of the territories also did not carry their flags. Yet, the territories and the District have served their country in nota-bly-disproportionate numbers. All of us signed a letter to House and Senate Armed Services committees. Working together, we got this fail-ure to acknowledge all our troops corrected by the Congress. I was particularly appreciative of Eni’s initia-tives. For example, he introduced the bill to cancel the trademark using the disparaging word ‘‘Redskins,’’ the name of the District of Columbia’s football team. That challenge has been vindicated, but is now on appeal. Delegates have always supported one an-other on issues unique to their districts. I ap-preciate that all the Democratic delegates are original cosponsors of my bill to make the Dis-trict of Columbia the 51st state. In the same way, we supported Eni’s work against nuclear testing in the South Pacific. Eni led in the Congress on this critical issue, even boy-cotting then-French president Jacques Chirac’s address before a joint session of Congress. Only days before that speech, France was conducting a series of nuclear tests in the South Pacific, despite protests. Eni led the Congress on issues important to American Samoa and to our country. He set a high standard for representation. Eni Faleomavaega was kind and generous, and he was intelligent, able, dedicated, and hard- working. I miss my friend. So does the Con-gress. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND MEM-ORY OF REPRESENTATIVE ENI FALEOMAVAEGA 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of a true states-man, Congressman Eni Faleomavaega. I’m Congressman PAUL GOSAR and I rep-resent Arizona’s Fourth Congressional District. I am also Chairman of the Congressional Western Caucus, Chairman of the House Committee on Natural Resources Sub-committee on Energy and Mineral Resources, and Vice-Chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. I would like to start by thanking Congress-woman A
MATA for her great leadership in the House of Representatives and for organizing this bipartisan special order today to pay trib-ute to our colleague Eni. On February 22, 2017, a Member of the House who served the Congress and rep-resented the people of American Samoa for 26 years, passed away out West while at his home in Utah. Eni was a patriot who honorably served this great nation in uniform in the U.S. Army. Un-fortunately, he was exposed to Agent Orange during one of his tours, something that nega-tively impacted his health for the rest of his life. Eni did not let this incident hold him back though and went on to serve our great country for nearly three decades as the Delegate for American Samoa. He also served the territory as its Lieutenant Governor. I got to know Eni through our work together on the House Committee on Natural Re-sources. Eni was a passionate and effective member on issues impacting the Pacific. Eni was a devoted husband and father of five children. Eni and his wife were active members of their church. Family, friends and colleagues were sad-dened to learn of his passing last month. This demonstrates just how much he will be missed. I am confident there will be a large turnout next Saturday the 25th at his memorial service and subsequent reception that follows to celebrate his life. Again, I would like to thank Congresswoman A
MATA for organizing this most worthy tribute to our colleague Eni. Eni left big shoes to fill, but Congresswoman A
MATA has stepped up, continued the excellent representation the people of American Samoa have come to ex-pect, and become an effective leader that is respected throughout the country. I know Eni would be proud of the Congress-woman and the great work she has done for American Samoa. 
f 
ENI FALEOMAVAEGA 
HON. STEVE CHABOT 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I had the honor of serving on the Foreign Affairs Committee with Congressman Eni Faleomavaega for 16 years. We got to know each other well in 2001, when President Bush nominated the two of us to be the bipartisan Congressional Dele-gates to the United Nations, and we would travel to New York together to meet with our Ambassador and his diplomatic team. During Eni’s last term in Congress, I chaired the Asia Pacific Subcommittee. Eni was the subcommittee’s Ranking Member. I can tell you that during that period, we disagreed from time to time on policy matters, but never were we disagreeable. Eni was the consummate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.003 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE355 March 21, 2017 
gentleman who respected the views of his col-leagues, as we all respected his. It was during that time that Eni and I had the opportunity to travel together to the Re-public of Korea, Japan and Taiwan to meet with the leaders of those nations and discuss the economic, political and security issues in the region. In those many meetings, Eni was an engaged participant who clearly had earned the respect of our allies. There were two of us—one Democrat, one Republican. But there was no partisanship on that trip. Eni came not as a Democrat but as a thoughtful Member of Congress who understood the re-alities of the modem day Asia-Pacific region. I think you can tell a lot about an individual Member of Congress by what his colleagues and staff think of him. In all the years I had the privilege of knowing Eni, I never heard a negative word from anybody about him. His colleagues respected him—appreciating his hard work, his dedication to this institution, his service during the Vietnam War, and his love for American Samoa. And his staff thought the world of him—as did mine. Mr. Speaker, to his wife, Hina, and his chil-dren, grandchildren, former staff and extended family—my sincere condolences. Eni was an outstanding public servant, a proud Samoan, and a great American. He will be missed. Rest in peace, Eni. 
f 
CONGRESSMAN ENI FALEOMAVAEGA 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today to recognize the long career and dedication to public service of Congressman Eni Faleomavaega. Congressman Faleomavaega passed away on February 22, 2017. He served the people of American Samoa for over thirty years, first as Lieutenant Governor and later on as their Representative. A true patriot, Congressman Faleomavaega served his country in the Army and eventually became an officer in the United States Army Reserve, having served during the Vietnam War as a captain. As a legislator, his achieve-ments for the people of our nation and Amer-ican Samoa came through his important work with the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Committee on Natural Resources. He fought tirelessly for the prosperity and wellbeing of his people. I am proud to be able to say that I was able to serve alongside Congressman Faleomavaega in the House of Representa-tives from 2009–2015. It is my honor to commemorate Eni Faleomavaega today, and I take pride in rec-ognizing a great American and public servant. Today, his commitment to public service lives on through his great nephew, Andrew Tuitele, who is currently an intern in my district office in Aurora, Colorado. HONORING THE LIFE OF CON-GRESSMAN ENI FALEOMAVAEGA HON. TULSI GABBARD 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, today let’s honor the life and service of our dear col-league, my friend, the late Congressman Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin Faleomavaega, Jr. My memories with Congressman Faleomavaega extend back to small-kid time, in Hawaii—he was elected to Congress as American Samoa’s delegate when I was just 8 years old. On his way to and from American Samoa, he would often stop in Hawaii, pay visits to his alma mater Kahuku High School, watch a Red Raider game or two, and visit with friends and family in Hawaii’s vibrant Sa-moan and Polynesian community. I grew up understanding and appreciating Fa’a Samoa— The Samoan Way—which like the aloha spirit, refers to how we should respect and honor one another, no matter where you’re from or your stature in life. He shared this Fa’a Samoa every day with his colleagues and others in Washington, seven thousand miles from his homeland. It was a very special thing to serve alongside him as a Member of Congress when I was elected in 2012. We served on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and he often pulled me aside to talk story about his experiences on this committee, the places he’d been, and the people he’d met. Eni was a warrior, a public servant, a de-voted Christian, and a family man. He was born in Vailoatai Village in American Samoa. It’s a beautiful and culturally rich island with that small-town feel where everybody knows everybody. Eni’s father served in the military, so growing up, he moved around a bit. He lived in Guam and later moved to Hawaii and attended Kahuku High School and Brigham Young University on Oahu’s northeast shore, eventually graduating from the main BYU campus in Utah. Eni was an active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints alongside his wife Hinanui and their family. Eni was a soldier in the United States Army. He served honorably in Vietnam, earned the rank of Captain, joined the Reserves decades later, and unfortunately suffered from com-plications associated with his exposure to Agent Orange. Throughout his four decades of service in Congress (1989–2015), he worked hard for the people of American Samoa and for our veterans, caring for them deeply and fighting for them relentlessly. As a delegate, Congressman Faleomavaega was passionate about representing his people and ensuring the communities at home had the resources they needed, especially health care and other essential services. He stanchly opposed free trade deals so that the few but impactful in-dustries of American Samoa would not be devastated. He always put the people first, and he served with all of his heart. So as we honor the life and service of this great man, Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin Faleomavaega, Jr., we send our deepest grati-tude to his ‘aiga (family) for their support and sacrifice over the years. Traditionally, at a Samoan memorial service, guests give the grieving family hand-woven mats in a ceremonial exchange of gifts called fa’alavelave. We don’t have one here today, but offer these words in their absence: Fa’afetai Tele Lava (thank you), Fa’amanuia le Atua (God bless), and Fa Soifua. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on March 17, 2017, I was unable to be present for the recorded votes on roll call no. 170, 171, and 172. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: AYE on Hanabusa Amendment No. 11, YEA on the final passage of H.R. 1367, and AYE on the journal vote. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONOR-ABLE WILLIAM F. ADOLPH, JR. OF SPRINGFIELD, PA 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Honorable William F. Adolph, Jr. of Springfield, PA on his retirement and thank him for his decades of service to Dela-ware County families. Bill is retiring as Rep-resentative from the 165th Legislative District in the Pennsylvania General Assembly, where he served as Chairman of the Appropriations Committee. After more than thirty years of public service, Bill has earned a record as a champion for the middle class, small and growing businesses and fiscal responsibility in Harrisburg. Throughout his career in public service, first as a township commissioner in Springfield, as a lawmaker in Harrisburg and ultimately as the Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Bill has always fought to ensure the taxpayer got the most out of every dollar government spends. He’s fought to lessen the tax burden on job creators and spur economic growth. He’s fought to ensure Pennsylvania’s most vulnerable have access to the services they need. And he’s fought to hold government ac-countable to the people it serves. As important as his legislative achievements have been to Pennsylvania, perhaps his great-est legacy is the role model he’s been to countless young people as a coach and through his decades-long involvement with the Springfield Youth Club. He’s taught genera-tions of Springfield’s young people how to conduct themselves with integrity and respon-sibility—both on and off the field. I thank Bill for all he’s done for our state and our community, and I wish him the best in his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.006 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE356 March 21, 2017 
NATIONAL ROSIE THE RIVETER DAY: A TRIBUTE TO THE LONG BEACH ROSIE THE RIVETER PARK 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud co-sponsor of House Resolution 162, which will designate March 21, 2017, as Na-tional Rosie the Riveter Day. This honor has special significance for the City of Long Beach, California which I represent. Long Beach is one of two locations in the nation that has a park dedicated to recog-nizing and preserving the history and legacy of the working women, including volunteer women, of World War II. The Long Beach Rosie the Riveter Park was dedicated in March 2006. It is a 3.2 acre park that is just steps away from where tens of thousands of women worked at Douglas Aircraft Company during WWII, assembling the planes and bombers that helped our brave service members win the war. It is also lo-cated near what was the Long Beach Airfield (now the Long Beach Municipal Airport), where during WWII Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASPs), commanded by 24-year-old Barbara Erickson, flew the finished warplanes to military bases around the world. The Long Beach Rosie the Riveter Park was inspired by former Long Beach City Councilwoman Gerrie Schipske, author of the book ‘‘Rosie the Riveter in Long Beach,’’ and designed by public artist, Terry Braunstein. It features a rose colored walk-way that winds through the park so that visitors can see pho-tographs depicting the work and efforts of these women. Visitors can access a narrated tour via cell phone and hear the song by the Four Vagabonds—‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’ that gave these women their collective and affec-tionate name. At both ends of the park are a ‘‘compass rose’’ that have been etched and painted into concrete, marking the location of the park. At the north end of the park are both a mili-tary memorial and wall with plaques com-memorating the lives of those who have served our country in so many ways and out-lined with a rose garden in the shape of a ‘‘V’’ for victory. The Long Beach Rosie the Riveter Park displays one of only two bas reliefs sculpted by Raymond Kaskey, who designed the same for the National World War II monu-ment, here in Washington, D.C. Last year, C–SPAN, in its ‘‘Cities Tour,’’ fea-tured the Long Beach Rosie the Riveter Park because of its role in honoring the women who contributed on the home front during WWII. As we celebrate ‘‘National Rosie the Riveter Day,’’ let us continue our efforts to recognize and preserve the history and legacy of work-ing women, including volunteer women during World War II, as a way of promoting coopera-tion and fellowship among all American women and their descendants. IN HONOR OF ALABAMA STATE UNIVERSITY’S WAR GARDENS HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Alabama State University upon its 100 year anniversary of planting war gardens to aid the United States efforts in World War I. One hundred years ago, students, staff, and faculty of the then State Normal School at Montgomery, subsequently Alabama State University, assisted and advised residents near campus and in the City of Montgomery, Alabama on how to plant war gardens. Thanks to these efforts, it was reported that in March 1918 over 1,400 black homes in Montgomery had war gardens. These gardens were important acts of sac-rifice and rationing as commercially grown produce was shipped overseas to feed our troops and food-insecure Allies during The Great War or World War I. Next month, the ASU Department of History and Political Science and university commu-nity will plant a Memorial WWI War Garden in commemoration and in honor of what was done on our campus a century ago. The garden will represent the pride and commitment of ASU’s campus to community and to country. It was originally on March 21, 1918 that Ala-bama Governor Charles Anderson declared ‘‘Garden Days’’ urging Alabamians to grow war gardens, and this day on March 21, 2017 I declare ‘‘Garden Days’’ in tribute to what was done in the Montgomery community. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor Ala-bama State University for its legacy of civil duty and service to both community and coun-try. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KITTY JURCIUKONIS 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kitty Jurciukonis for her achievements as a volunteer, professional, and elected offi-cial in southeastern Pennsylvania. In recogni-tion of these accomplishments, Mrs. Jurciukonis was posthumously awarded the Women of Achievement Award from the Dela-ware County Women’s Commission. Kitty worked as a tireless advocate for her community, serving as member of the Spring-field Township Board of Commissioners for nineteen years, two of which were spent as President. She was also a leader in the Sub-urban West Realtors Association, the Spring-field School District Home and School Asso-ciation, and Community Education Council. She even volunteered her time and talents to help open the Springfield School District’s Par-ent Resource Center. The current Springfield Township Commis-sioner says of Kitty: ‘‘I was humbled and hon-ored to follow in her footsteps. . .She worked tirelessly with integrity and enthusiasm for the Township and the people she served.’’ I honor all of the work Kitty accomplished in our community and the trail she blazed for the women inspired by her achievements. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call votes 173, 174, 175 on Monday, March 20, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call votes 173, 174, and 175. 
f 
SPECIAL TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF JUDGE BENTLEY KASSAL’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I hereby con-gratulate Judge Bentley Kassal on the occa-sion of his 100th birthday. Judge Kassal has dedicated his life to public service, and we are grateful for his contributions to the people of New York. As a member of the New York State Assembly from 1957 through 1962, Judge Kassal represented a significant portion of Manhattan’s Upper West Side in the very same Assembly district that I would later serve. During his time in Albany, Judge Kassal, among other accomplishments, au-thored a bill establishing the New York State Council on the Arts—the very first arts council to operate in the United States. Mr. Kassal was later elected to the New York City Civil Court in 1969 and then the New York Supreme Court in 1975. In 1982, Governor Hugh Carey appointed Judge Kassal to the Appellate Division of the New York Su-preme Court. He continued in that capacity until 1993. Following his retirement from the bench, Judge Kassal has served as counsel at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher, and Flom, where he continues to provide assistance with litigation matters. Judge Kassal is also a decorated war vet-eran, and was stationed abroad as an air combat intelligence officer for four years dur-ing World World II. In recognition of his distin-guished military service, Judge Kassal has re-ceived the Bronze Star medal and the French Legion of Honor medal. I am incredibly proud to count Judge Kassal as one of my constituents. The people of New York have been the fortunate beneficiaries of Judge Kassal’s years of service. I wish him a warm congratulations on this special occasion, and thank him for his contributions to our com-munity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MR8.003 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE357 March 21, 2017 
numbers 173, 174, and 175. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on all of these measures. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUDGE CHRISTINE FIZZANO CANNON 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Judge Christine Fizzano Cannon for receiving the Women of Achievement Award from the Delaware County Women’s Commission. The Honorable Christine Fizzano Cannon has been a leader in our community both as a small business owner and a public servant. She ran her own law firm for over ten years and has served as a Delaware County Women’s Commissioner, member of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court Disciplinary Board Hearing Committee, Ridley Hospital Foundation, and Delaware County Council. In 2012, Judge Fizzano Cannon was elect-ed to the Court of Common Pleas. In this role she handles civil and equity matters, personal injury and property damage cases, real estate, land use and zoning matters, and medical malpractice cases. She is also currently serv-ing on the Judicial Conduct Board of Pennsyl-vania, which reviews, investigates, and pros-ecutes judicial misconduct. I thank Judge Fizzano Cannon for all of her work in our community, and I congratulate her on receiving this award. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SILHOUETTE CIVIC AND SOCIAL CLUB 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today to recognize the Silhouette Civic and Social Club, which holds a commendable record of service to the El Paso community. This Saturday, March 25, 2017 the club will recognize their 50th anniversary. Founded in 1967, the Silhouette Civic and Social Club has served the El Paso community through events, social activities, and scholarships. The Club’s founders wanted to create an or-ganization with a unity of sisterhood dedicated to enriching and supporting the El Paso com-munity. Three of its founders, Doris Gary, Baby Ruth Boswell, and Edna Black, still ac-tively participate in the organization’s activities to this day. The Silhouette Civic and Social Club, affec-tionately referred to as the ‘‘Ladies with the Big Hearts,’’ has graciously supported church-es, shelters, and crisis centers through regular donations. They have supported El Paso’s McCall Neighborhood Center, which preserves and advances the History of the African-Amer-ican Community in El Paso, as well as the Reynolds Home, a shelter for homeless moth-ers and children. They are most proud of providing college scholarships for deserving, honorable high school graduates. Their grass roots initiatives help young El Pasoans pursue the American Dream. I thank the Silhouette Civic and Social Club for their efforts to improve our community and have a positive impact on the world through their generosity. The ‘‘Ladies with the Big Hearts’’ represent the compassion, selfless-ness, and community that is indicative of our country’s southwest border and the people of El Paso that I have the distinct privilege to represent. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 173, YEA on Roll Call No. 174, and YEA on Roll Call No. 175. 
f 
HONORING MODESTO FIRE DE-PARTMENT CHIEF SEAN SLAMON 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Modesto Fire Depart-ment Chief Sean Slamon, who announced his retirement after serving the community of Mo-desto for 29 years. In 1989, Sean began his successful career with the Modesto Fire Department. Throughout his many years of service, he has held various positions, including Firefighter, Engineer, Cap-tain, Training Captain, Battalion Chief, Division Chief of Operations and Training, and Fire Chief since August 2014. In addition to his dedicated service, Chief Slamon previously served as President of the Training Officers section of the California Fire Chiefs Association and remains on the team as an Area Director. Currently, Sean is a member of the International Association of Fire Chiefs and the California Fire Chiefs As-sociation, in addition to being the former Presi-dent of the Stanislaus County Fire Chiefs. Knowing that education is the key to suc-cess, Chief Slamon obtained a Bachelor’s de-gree in Occupational Studies from California State University, Long Beach as well as an Associate of Science degree in Fire Science from Modesto Junior College. He has furthered his education and training by obtain-ing numerous certificates from the California State Fire Marshalls Office and FEMA, and is a state certified instructor in numerous com-mand and management courses. Sean has been happily married to his wife, Shannon, for 23 years. Together, they have two children: Zachary, a Cal Poly San Luis Obispo graduate who is currently serving as an Airman 1st Class in the United States Air Force, and Courtney, a Senior in High School, who will be attending Cal Poly San Luis Obispo in the Fall. Chief Slamon’s 29 years of experience, knowledge, and commitment are unparalelled. His expertise has led him on a new journey as the Fire Chief of the Carson City Fire Depart-ment. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending the outstanding contributions made to the Modesto Fire Department by Chief Sean Slamon as we wish him continued success in his future endeavors. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STEPHANIE (SAM) FLEETMAN 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Stephanie (Sam) Fleetman for re-ceiving the Women of Achievement Award from the Delaware County Women’s Commis-sion. Sam is the CEO of Mustang Expedition, Inc.—a nationally recognized full-service deliv-ery carrier. She has grown the company from one truck and a few employees to a multi-mil-lion dollar company employing over 50 individ-uals. While reaching success in a male-oriented industry, Sam has also been a leader in her community. She has served as Chair of the Board of Directors for the Pennsylvania Motor Truck Association—only the second woman to do so in eighty-six years—and the Delaware County Historical Society. And she previously held positions as the President of the Bridge-water Park Association and the Sharon Alum-nae Association. I thank Sam for all she’s done professionally and philanthropically in our community and congratulate her on receiving this important award. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES COTTON 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and commemorate the remarkable life of James Cotton who passed away on March 16, 2017, at the age of 81. Mr. Cotton was a pioneering harmonica player who helped es-tablish his instrument as an integral part of modern blues. James Henry Cotton was born on July 1, 1935 in Tunica, MS, the youngest of eight brothers and sisters. His parents, Hattie and Mose were sharecroppers who worked on a cotton plantation and his father was also the preacher at the local Baptist church. Mr. Cot-ton was inspired to take up the harmonica by his mother and by the time he was 7 years old, he was performing for small change on the streets of nearby towns in the Mississippi Delta. At age 9, he moved in with Sonny Boy Williamson II to learn the instrument and Sonny Boy remained his hero for the rest of his life. Around 1950, Mr. Cotton moved to West Memphis with Sonny Boy, which is where Howlin’ Wolf heard him. Mr. Cotton played with Howlin’ Wolf appearing in some of the re-cordings he made with Sam Phillips at Sun Records, in Memphis, in the early 1950s. In 1954, he also made four recordings under his own name for Sun. Mr. Cotton also played with Muddy Waters in Chicago where he con-tributed to classics like ‘‘Got my Mojo Work-ing’’ and ‘‘Rock Me.’’ In 1966, Mr. Cotton em-barked on a solo career when he formed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.011 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE358 March 21, 2017 
James Cotton Blues Band which performed with popular acts like Janis Joplin, the Grateful Dead, Led Zeppelin, B.B. King, Santana, and many others. In 1977, Mr. Cotton reunited with Muddy Waters for the album ‘‘Hard Again,’’ which won a Grammy Award for best ethnic or traditional recording. His work influenced several major blues- rock groups of the era such as the Allman Brothers, the Paul Butterfield Blues Band, and the Electric Flag. He was much imitated but never duplicated. Mr. Cotton continued to play in concerts and on records well into his 70s and released some two dozen albums. Mr. Cotton moved from Chicago to Memphis in the 1990s, after the death of his first wife, Ceola and he settled in Austin in 2010. In 1997, his album ‘‘Deep in the Blues’’ won a Grammy for best traditional blues album and his 2013 album ‘‘Cotton Mouth Man’’ was nominated. Mr. Cotton also won several W.C. Handy International Blues Awards (known as the Blues Music Awards since 2006) long consid-ered among the highest accolades for musi-cians working in Blues. Mr. Cotton was in-ducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 2006. Mr. Cotton is survived by his wife and man-ager, Jacklyn Hairston Cotton; his two daugh-ters, Teresa Hampton and Marshall Ann Cot-ton; a son, James Patrick Cotton; and numer-ous grandchildren and great grandchildren. His was a life well lived. 
f 
TESTIMONY OF MNIKESA WHITAKER-HAAHEIM ON THE POSITIVE IMPACT OF THE AF-FORDABLE CARE ACT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the testimony of one of my constitu-ents—Mnikesa Whitaker-Haaheim. She is an English teacher who has won teacher of the year twice. She is also living with and dying from a debilitating disease. These are her words: ‘‘The debate about healthcare has turned into something of a spectacle—as if it exists apart from the flesh and bones that are experi-encing the consequences of the decisions being made. I think it is exceedingly important to talk about the felt experience of illness. The feeling like an elephant’s sitting on my chest—daily—because I have pulmonary fibro-sis. No, I have never smoked. Not cigarettes. Not anything. Ever. I am simply sick. The feel-ing of my leg bones splintering, waking me up with the pain, several times a night, several times a week. Each leg is splayed beneath me as if I’d fallen from a window. Of course that’s not what happened. This is just what joints and muscles feel like as a part of my rare dis-ease. The feeling of having a widespread flu-like, bone-crushing ache that does not end. I don’t have the flu. I have a rare, autoimmune dis-ease. This is what my entire body feels like 90% of the time. The feeling of choking with-out warning, regularly on coffee. On water. On my own spit. This is what my disease feels like. The feelings I’m talking about are what it is like to not be able to take a deep breath, ever, because over 70% of my lungs have turned to hardened, stony, scar tissue. The feeling of not even remembering what it is like to take a deep breath. Because my particular disease is one that is categorized as autoimmune, it would be sev-eral months before we got the correct diag-nosis; autoimmunity is notoriously difficult to diagnose. And unless you are a specialized medical professional or happen to know someone who is afflicted by rheumotoid disorders, you have likely never heard of what I have: anti-synthe-tase syndrome. It is rare, progressive and ag-gressive. Often it is fatal, especially with the amount of lung damage that I have incurred. When after over 2 years of chemotherapy, the progression of my pulmonary fibrosis and overall disease process was not successfully remaining stable, I had to go on supplemental oxygen. Within 6 months, I was getting so sick that I eventually had to medically retire at 36 years old; it was a heartbreaking decision. I loved my job, and I was very good at it. Without the protections afforded to me through the Affordable Care Act, my oxygen, the cost of seeing my numerous specialists, paying for 14 medications, admissions to the hospital, and life-threatening emergency trips to the ER would be nothing short of financially cata-strophic for my family. A rare disease like mine baffles many doc-tors. It has not been uncommon for my care-takers to have to spend hours on the phone with insurance companies fighting for a drug that is literally thousands of dollars but nec-essary for my treatment. When you have a rare illness, you often have to try new things. Insurance companies will unabashedly see you as a risk. Why? You are expensive, rare and dying. That is an un-holy trinity. But since the Affordable Care Act, my medi-cations have been affordable. Access to care is NOT accessible if you cannot afford it, and what the ACA has done is create a safeguard so that the care that my doctors have pre-scribed for one of their sickest patients is truly accessible to that patient because I can afford it. I come from a family who has, for genera-tions, always worked and always paid into ‘‘the system.’’ There are next to no services available for a relatively young woman like me at Social Services; I know. I’ve checked. I am not old enough for a full teacher’s pension, but do receive a small disability allowance. I need you to understand that people like me are not asking for anything for free. I am willing to continue to pay for the quality healthcare that I have had. I am willing for there to be changes made to it. I find it unconscionable, however, that deci-sions can be made regarding life and death without actual regard for the felt lives and ac-tual deaths that you will be responsible for if you repeal the ACA. I do not know the course that my disease will take. But I have the blood of some power-ful ancestors flowing in me, and their fight for life continues in me as well. I am honored to do so in their memory and on behalf of the millions of Americans who do not have the words or the ability to speak for themselves yet are terrified of losing their affordable, solid coverage under the ACA.’’ Those were her words—and she is not alone in her fear of repeal. We owe it to Mnikesa and everyone like her across the country to protect their health care—and to re-ject this repeal bill. f 
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NA-TIONAL GUARD HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-duce the District of Columbia National Guard Home Rule Act, a bill that would give the mayor of the District of Columbia authority to deploy the D.C. National Guard, after con-sultation with the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard, with the President retain-ing authority on federal matters. In local emer-gencies, including natural disasters and civil disturbances unrelated to national or home-land security, the mayor of the District should have the same authority that governors exer-cise over the National Guard in their states. Each governor—including the governors of three U.S. territories with Guards—has the au-thority to deploy the National Guard to protect his or her state or territory, just as local militia did historically. The National Guards in the 50 states and territories operate under dual federal and local jurisdiction. Yet only the President currently has the authority to deploy the D.C. National Guard for both national and local purposes. Today, by far the most likely need for the D.C. National Guard here would be for natural dis-asters, such as hurricanes and floods, and to restore order in the wake of civil disturbances. The mayor, who knows the city better than any federal official and who works closely with federal security officials, should be able to call on the D.C. National Guard for local natural disasters and civil disturbances, after consulta-tion with the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard. The President should be fo-cused on national matters, including homeland security, not local D.C. matters. Homeland se-curity authority, with respect to the D.C. Na-tional Guard, would remain the sole province of the President, along with the power to fed-eralize the D.C. National Guard for federal matters at will. It does no harm to give the mayor authority to deploy the Guard for civil disturbances and natural disasters. However, it could do significant harm to leave the mayor powerless to act quickly. If it makes sense that governors would have control over the deploy-ment of their National Guards, it makes equal sense for the mayor of the District, with a pop-ulation the size of a small state, to have the same authority. The mayor of the District, as chief execu-tive, should have the authority to deploy the D.C. National Guard in instances that do not rise to the level of federal homeland security activities. My bill permits the mayor to only de-ploy the D.C. National Guard after consultation with the Commanding General of the D.C. Na-tional Guard. The bill is another important step toward completing the transfer of full self-gov-ernment powers to the District. Congress began with the passage of the Home Rule Act of 1973, when it delegated most of its author-ity over District matters to an elected mayor and Council. The bill follows that model. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR8.008 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE359 March 21, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, March 20, 2017, I missed votes due to un-avoidable flight delays. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on roll call votes no. 173, 174 and 175. 
f 
SAN JACINTO COLLEGE NAMED 5TH BEST COMMUNITY COLLEGE IN THE NATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate San Jacinto College of Houston, TX, for being named the fifth best community college in the country by the Aspen Institute College Excellence Program. Ten top-notch community colleges were nominated for the Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence Award for the schools’ stu-dent learning, certificate and degree comple-tion, employment and earnings for graduates and accessibility and success of minority and lower income students. San Jacinto was rec-ognized because of its extreme focus on sup-porting and working with students to ensure they are the most equipped to find a job and prepare for life after graduation. Between 2007 and 2015, the number of certificates and asso-ciate degrees San Jacinto College has award-ed has increased by an impressive 140 per-cent. San Jacinto College works closely with local workforce to develop degree programs that match employment needs and their strong leadership is paying off for their students and our local money. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to San Jacinto College for being named the fifth best community college in the country. We are proud of their strong commitment to prepare students for life after graduation. Keep up the good work. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD SECTOR ST. PETERSBURG AND HONORING THE LIFE OF ANDREW DILLMAN 
HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the courageous men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard Sector St. Petersburg, located in Florida’s 13th District, and a brave St. Peters-burg resident, Andrew Dillman. Last week, amid high winds and rough seas, the U.S. Coast Guard Sector St. Peters-burg, led by its Commander, Captain Holly Najarian and Deputy Commander Randall Brown, responded to multiple search-and-res-cue calls. Within a 12-hour timespan, they as-sisted 18 individuals in distress, seven of which were pulled from the water. Pinellas County is a peninsula, on the pe-ninsula of Florida. As such, we are fortunate to have three major Coast Guard Commands, Sector St. Petersburg, Station Sand Key, and Air Station Clearwater, that patrol our waters every day. The work they do is indispensable, and to those seven people pulled from the water last week, it was the difference between life and death. I salute the Coast Guard for their service, protecting our people, property, and national security along our coastline. And I will fight for them, providing the resources needed to carry out their critical mission. Their budget should be strengthened, not depleted or diminished. Sadly, last week we were also reminded of the importance of the U.S. Coast Guard through tragedy. One of my constituents, An-drew Dillman, a brave young man and crew-man for a local boat charter company, per-ished in the turbulent waters off Shell Key at-tempting to rescue a college student under his care. A powerful rip current overtook Andrew and Chinese student Jie Luo. I offer my deep-est condolences to their families, and our prayers are with their loved ones during this most difficult time. Mr. Speaker, putting service before self is a hallmark of the U.S. Coast Guard, and Mr. Dillman exhibited that same spirit with his ac-tions. This willingness to sacrifice represents the best of who we are as human beings. We give thanks for their courage, may it inspire us to always be our brother’s keeper. I am humbled to have this opportunity to honor the service of our U.S. Coast Guard and the life of Mr. Andrew Dillman. May he rest in eternal peace. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, on March 20, 2017, I was unavoidably detained during Roll Call vote numbers 173, 174 and 175. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 173, YEA on Roll Call No. 174, and YEA on Roll Call No. 175. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, due to my partici-pation in a meeting with President Trump at the White House, I was unable to vote on Roll Call 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, and 135. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call 129: ‘‘Nay’’ Roll Call 130: ‘‘Nay’’ Roll Call 131: ‘‘Nay’’ Roll Call 132: ‘‘Aye’’ Roll Call 133: ‘‘Nay’’ Roll Call 134: ‘‘Aye’’ Roll Call 135: ‘‘Aye’’ CINCO RANCH STUDENTS WIN 3RD IN C–SPAN’SVIDEO COMPETITION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jayden Fitts and Keaton Urioste of Katy, TX, for winning third place in C– SPAN’s national 2017 StudentCam competi-tion. Since 2006, C–SPAN has invited middle and high school students to produce short documentaries on an issue of national impor-tance. This year students were asked to an-swer, ‘‘Your message to Washington: What is the most urgent issue for the new president and Congress to address in 2017?’’ Jayden and Keaton’s documentary, ‘‘Putting Unem-ployment Out of Business,’’ focused on Amer-ica’s unemployment problem and what can be done to fix it. Jayden and Keaton were award-ed $750 for their hard work. The two students are freshmen at Cinco Ranch High School. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jayden and Keaton for winning third place in the 2017 StudentCam competition. We are very proud of them and look forward to their future successes. 
f 
VETERANS 2ND AMENDMENT PROTECTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 16, 2017 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, on March 16th, 2017, during debate on H.R. 1181, the Vet-erans 2nd Amendment Protection Act, the offi-cial positions of several veteran services orga-nizations were discussed. To clarify remarks I made during that debate, the Iraq and Afghan-istan Veterans of America (IAVA) did not take an official position on H.R. 1181 prior to the House’s consideration of the bill, nor has IAVA publicly discussed why they have not taken a position on this bill in the 115th Congress. I regret any confusion that may have been caused by my remarks. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LISA COHEN, FOUNDER AND EXECUTIVE DI-RECTOR OF THE WASHINGTON GLOBAL HEALTH ALLIANCE 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Lisa Cohen, the Founder and Executive Director of the Washington Global Health Alliance. As Lisa steps down from her ten years of service to the organization, we acknowledge the successes of the WGHA under her leadership, and we thank her for her tireless service to the greater Puget Sound re-gion. WGHA was founded with the goal of facili-tating collaboration between various health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.017 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE360 March 21, 2017 
and globally-focused organizations—empow-ering them to more effectively face the most challenging global health issues. Under Lisa Cohen’s leadership, the WGHA has done ex-actly that; it has channeled the resources of Washington’s vibrant healthcare sector. In the time that I have represented Wash-ington’s 9th District, I have had the privilege of attending many WGHA forums and healthcare advocacy meetings. In the past ten years, Lisa Cohen has moderated more than 100 panels and presented to over 50,000 people. WGHA now has over 70 members who, because of her commitment to collaboration, are now bet-ter able to serve the communities they touch. It has been an honor to watch WGHA as it has built an international network that achieves more in a more efficient manner. Lisa Cohen has not only helped to set WGHA on a path to success, she has tire-lessly served the greater Puget Sound com-munity. Her list of accomplishments include channeling resources to many of those who are most at-risk in our community, mapping the state’s global health community, co-founding Global to Local, and leading the Washington Global Health Fund and Global Health Nexus. As a huge proponent of col-laboration, Lisa has helped to form Washing-ton’s organizations into a community, so that they can collectively tackle the world’s most pressing issues. Lisa Cohen’s unique ability to bring people together has left our community better equipped to handle future health challenges. As she takes her next steps, I know she will continue to make a positive impact and help to make our world a better place. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I recognize the global health work that Lisa Cohen has done in our community and wish her well in her future endeavors. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE WATER IN-FRASTRUCTURE TRUST FUND ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, America’s water systems are in crisis. The American So-ciety of Civil Engineers 2017 report card grad-ed our wastewater infrastructure a D+, while drinking water received a D. While our clean water needs are estimated to be nearly $11 billion per year, appropriations for clean water infrastructure have averaged just $1.4 billion per year over the past five years. Drinking water infrastructure is in worse shape—the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) esti-mates that we need to invest over $19 billion annually to ensure the provision of safe tap water, while Congress appro riates less than $1 billion. Though most of our water and wastewater systems are 75 to 100 years old, these growing challenges are not due to age alone: federal investment has fallen more than 85 percent since 1977. Our failure to maintain and improve our water infrastructure doesn’t only result in a poor grade on paper, it has real and dan-gerous outcomes, like the ongoing lead crisis in Flint, MI or lead-tainted water in Portland Public Schools. Water infrastructure-related problems are not confined to attention-grab-bing headlines. Last year alone, American communities suffered more than 250,000 water main breaks and saw overflowing com-bined sewer systems—causing contamination, property damage, disruptions in the water sup-ply, and massive traffic jams. These problems will only increase. It is time to establish a dedi-cated trust fund for water infrastructure similar to the Highway Trust Fund. In honor of Water Week, today, I’m intro-ducing the Water Infrastructure Trust Fund Act. This bipartisan bill will provide a small, deficit-neutral source of revenue to help states replace, repair, and rehabilitate critical clean and drinking water facilities. Half of the trust fund revenue will be distributed to local gov-ernments as grants and loans through the ex-isting Clean Water State Revolving Fund (CWSRF) for wastewater treatment construc-tion, while the other 50 percent will be distrib-uted through the existing Drinking Water State Revolving Fund (DWSRF) to finance projects to meet federal drinking water standards. The Water Infrastructure Trust Fund Act is a step in the right direction to addressing our growing water challenges, keeping our kids and families healthy and our communities safe, livable, and economically secure. SUGAR LAND SENIOR REGENERON STS FINALIST HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bryon Xu of Sugar Land, TX, for being named a Regeneron Science Talent Search (STS) 2017 finalist. Bryon was awarded $100,000 for winning fourth place out of 1,749 high school seniors for his project, Direct Determination of Ocean Temperature Profiles from Seismic Oceanog-raphy. He developed a method of measuring ocean temperature that can fill in the gaps ex-isting with current techniques, such as sat-ellites and probes. The Regeneron STS award is based on students’ originality and creative thinking, as well as their achievement and leadership. In his spare time, Bryon is a mem-ber of the Mu Alpha Theta club for mathe-matics, coaches a local Mathcounts team and tutors science. He has also developed a web app to help with Science Olympiad event. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Bryon Xu for winning fourth place in this es-teemed competition. We are confident he will have a successful future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, because of flight cancellations due to inclement weather, I was unable to vote on Roll Call 159, 160, and 161. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call 159: ‘‘Aye’’ Roll Call 160: ‘‘Aye’’ Roll Call 161: ‘‘Nay’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.024 E21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D315 Tuesday, March 21, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1857–S1898 Measures Introduced: Twenty-four bills and three resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 669–692, S. Res. 90–91, and S. Con. Res. 10.
       Pages S1890–91 
Measures Reported: S. 19, to provide opportunities for broadband in-vestment, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–4) S. 89, to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials require-ment if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire- retardant materials and for other purposes. (S. Rept. No. 115–5) S. 96, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. (S. Rept. No. 115–6) S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. (S. Rept. No. 115–7) Measures Passed: Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska Rule: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 92), Senate passed H.J. Res. 69, pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non- Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participa-tion and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
                                                                   Pages S1864–84 
Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: Senate passed H.R. 1228, to provide for the appoint-ment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017.
                                    Page S1897 Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Em-ploying American Military Veterans Act: Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 244, to encourage effective, voluntary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with an-nual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S1897 
Sullivan (for Blunt) Amendment No. 192, to im-prove the HIRE Vets Medallion Program.
   Page S1897 
Independence of Greece 196th Anniversary: Committee on Foreign Relations was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 81, recognizing the 196th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S1897 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. EX. 91), Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2019. By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. EX. 91), Charles R. Breyer, of California, to be a Mem-ber of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2021.
          Pages S1862–64 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Heather Wilson, of South Dakota, to be Secretary of the Air Force. Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Transportation. David Malpass, of New York, to be an Under Sec-retary of the Treasury. Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. 21 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 37 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD316 March 21, 2017 
A routine list in the Foreign Service.         Page S1898 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Vincent Viola, of New York, to be Secretary of the Army, which was sent to the Senate on January 20, 2017.
                                                                       Page S1898 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1889 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S1889–90 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S1897 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S1890 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1891–93 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1893–96 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1887–89 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S1896 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1896–97 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—92)
                                                    Pages S1863, S1884 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:05 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in to-day’s Record on pages S1897–98.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. POLICY AND STRATEGY IN EUROPE Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States policy and strategy in Europe, after receiving testimony from General Philip M. Breedlove, USAF (Ret.), Georgia Institute of Technology Sam Nunn School of International Af-fairs; William J. Burns, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace; and Alexander R. Vershbow, At-lantic Council Brent Scowcroft Center on Inter-national Security. SCAMS USED TO DEFRAUD AMERICANS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine fighting back against scams used to defraud Americans, after receiving testimony from Maureen K. Ohlhausen, Acting Chairman, and Terrell McSweeney, Commissioner, both of the Federal Trade Commission; Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine, Columbus; Frank Abagnale, Abagnale and Associates, Washington, D.C.; and Michael Schwanke, Wichita, Kansas. INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine opportunities to im-prove and expand infrastructure important to Federal lands, recreation, water, and resources, after receiving testimony from Marcia Argust, The Pew Charitable Trusts, Washington, D.C.; Bob Bonar, Snowbird Ski and Summer Resort, Snowbird, Utah; Jill Simmons, Washington Trails Association, Seattle; David B. Spears, Association of American State Geologists, Charlottesville, Virginia; Chris Treese, Colorado River Water Conservation District, Glenwood Springs; and Bradley Worsley, Novo Power, LLC, Snowflake, Arizona. FDA USER FEE AGREEMENTS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Food and Drug Administration user fee agreements, focus-ing on improving medical product innovation for pa-tients, after receiving testimony from Janet Woodcock, Director, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Peter Marks, Director, Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, and Jeffrey Shuren, Direc-tor, Center for Devices and Radiological Health, all of the Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services. NOMINATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee continued hear-ings to examine the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court of the United States, the nominee testi-fied and answered questions in his own behalf. Hearings recessed subject to the call and will meet again on Wednesday, March 22, 2017. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. RAISING GRANDCHILDREN IN THE OPIOID CRISIS Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine raising grandchildren in the opioid crisis and beyond, after receiving testimony from Jaia Peterson Lent, Generations United, Wash-ington, D.C.; Megan L. Dolbin-MacNab, Virginia Tech Center for Gerontology, Blacksburg; Bette Hoxie, Adoptive and Foster Families of Maine and the Kinship Program, Orono; and Sharon McDaniel, A Second Chance, Inc., Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D317 March 21, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1644–1663; and 7 resolutions, H. Res. 213–219 were introduced.
                 Pages H2286–87 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2288–89 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 154, resolution of inquiry requesting the President of the United States and directing the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to transmit certain information to the House of Representatives relating to plans to repeal or replace the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act and the health- related measures of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; adversely (H. Rept. 115–54).
                                                                         Page H2286 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Jenkins (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2243 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:02 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H2249 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Pastor Chris Bell, 3 Circle Church, Fairhope, Alabama.
                                           Pages H2249–50 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures which were debated on Monday, March 20th: Transparency in Technological Acquisitions Act of 2017: H.R. 1353, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to require certain additional infor-mation to be submitted to Congress regarding the strategic 5-year technology investment plan of the Transportation Security Administration, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 414 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 178; and
                                                                            Pages H2259–60 
Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Tech-nical Corrections Act of 2017: H.R. 1297, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make tech-nical corrections to the requirement that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security submit quadrennial homeland security reviews, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 181. 
                                                                                    Pages H2276–77 
Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act of 2017: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 305, to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Vietnam War Veterans Day. 
                                                                                            Page H2267 Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017: The House considered H.R. 372, to restore the application of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competition and consumers. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, March 22nd.
                                 Pages H2267–75 
Considered the Rosen motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment.
                                                   Pages H2274–75 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–8 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill.
                     Page H2267 
H. Res. 209, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 372) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 177, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 176. 
                                                                                    Pages H2252–59 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:31 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:12 p.m.
                                                   Page H2275 
Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017— Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 210, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1101) to amend title I of the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for entrepreneurs with small busi-nesses with respect to medical care for their employ-ees, by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 180, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 179.
                                             Pages H2260–67, H2275–76 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2258–59, H2259, H2259–60, H2275, H2275–76, and H2276–77. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:27 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE NEXT FARM BILL: NUTRITION DISTRIBUTION PROGRAMS Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Nutrition held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Nutri-tion Distribution Programs’’. Testimony was heard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD318 March 21, 2017 
from Diane Kriviski, Deputy Administrator, Supple-mental Nutrition and Safety Programs, Food and Nutrition Service; and public witnesses. THE NEXT FARM BILL: LIVESTOCK PRODUCER PERSPECTIVES Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Livestock Producer Perspec-tives’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. AMERICA’S ROLE IN THE WORLD Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Role in the World’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SOCIAL MEDIA POLICIES OF THE MILITARY SERVICES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Social Media Policies of the Military Services’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Mark A. Brilakis, Deputy Commandant, Manpower and Reserve Af-fairs, U.S. Marine Corps; Vice Admiral Robert P. Burke, Chief of Naval Personnel, U.S. Navy; Major General Jason Evans, Director, Military Personnel Management, U.S. Army; Lieutenant General Gina M. Grosso, Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower, Per-sonnel and Services, U.S. Air Force; and Anthony M. Kurta, Performing the Duties of Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, Office of the Secretary of Defense. IMPROVING FEDERAL STUDENT AID TO BETTER MEET THE NEEDS OF STUDENTS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Fed-eral Student Aid to Better Meet the Needs of Stu-dents’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BROADBAND: DEPLOYING AMERICA’S 21ST CENTURY INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Broadband: Deploying America’s 21st Cen-tury Infrastructure’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. FENTANYL: THE NEXT WAVE OF THE OPIOID CRISIS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fentanyl: The Next Wave of the Opioid Crisis’’. Testimony was heard from Matthew Allen, Assistant Director, Homeland Security Investigative Programs, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security; William Brownfield, Assist-ant Secretary of State, International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, Department of State; Kemp Chester, Acting Deputy Director, Office of National Drug Control Policy; Wilson Compton, Deputy Director, National Institute on Drug Abuse, National Institutes of Health; Debra Houry, Direc-tor, National Center for Injury Prevention and Con-trol, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; and Louis Milione, Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration. THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION’S UNCONSTITUTIONAL DESIGN Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’s Un-constitutional Design’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ENDING THE DE NOVO DROUGHT: EXAMINING THE APPLICATION PROCESS FOR DE NOVO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ending the De Novo Drought: Ex-amining the Application Process for De Novo Finan-cial Institutions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. PRESSURING NORTH KOREA: EVALUATING OPTIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Pressuring North Korea: Evaluating Options’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-gration and Border Security held a business meeting on adoption of the Subcommittee’s Rules of Proce-dure and Statement of Policy for Private Immigra-tion Bills; Statement of Policy on Federal Charters; and Request DHS Departmental Reports on the Beneficiaries of H.R. 349, H.R. 780, and H.R. 461. The subcommittee’s Rules of Procedure and State-ment of Policy for Private Immigration Bills; State-ment of Policy on Federal Charters; and Request for DHS Departmental Reports on the Beneficiaries of H.R. 349, H.R. 780, and H.R. 461 were adopted. EXAMINING SYSTEMIC MANAGEMENT AND FISCAL CHALLENGES WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Systemic Management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D319 March 21, 2017 
and Fiscal Challenges within the Department of Jus-tice’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Horowitz, Inspector General, Department of Justice; and Diana Maurer, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Accountability Office. THE IMPORTANCE OF DOMESTICALLY SOURCED RAW MATERIALS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Importance of Domestically Sourced Raw Ma-terials for Infrastructure Projects’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. $125 BILLION IN SAVINGS IGNORED: REVIEW OF DOD’S EFFICIENCY STUDY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘$125 Billion in Savings Ignored: Review of DoD’s Efficiency Study’’. Testimony was heard from David Tillotson III, Act-ing Deputy Chief Management Officer, Department of Defense; Michael Bayer, Chairman, Defense Busi-ness Board; and public witnesses. EXAMINING GAO FINDINGS ON DEFICIENCIES AT THE BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining GAO Findings on Deficiencies at the Bureau of Safety and Environ-mental Enforcement’’. Testimony was heard from Richard T. Cardinale, Acting Assistant Secretary for Lands and Minerals Management, Department of the Interior; and Frank Rusco, Director, Natural Re-sources and Environment-Energy Issues, Government Accountability Office. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION PART II: FUTURE OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES FOR SCIENCE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘National Science Foundation Part II: Future Opportunities and Challenges for Science’’. Testimony was heard from Joan Ferrini-Mundy, Act-ing Chief Operating Officer, National Science Foun-dation; and Maria Zuber, Chair, National Science Board; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing on H.R. 1461, the ‘‘Veterans, Employees, and Taxpayers Protection Act of 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Kimberly Perkins McLeod, Acting Executive Director, Labor Management Relations, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine defense readiness and budget update, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine Army modernization, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the promises and perils of emerging technologies for cybersecurity, 10 a.m., SD–106. Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine the state of the Coast Guard, focusing on ensuring military, national se-curity, and enforcement capability and readiness, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: business meeting to consider S. 512, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the state of global humanitarian affairs, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor, 9 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine perspectives from the DHS frontline, focusing on evaluating staffing resources and re-quirements, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to continue hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans serv-ice organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Dairy Policy’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD320 March 21, 2017 Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Evolution of Hybrid Warfare and Key Challenges’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of the U.S. Air Force’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing on H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining FDA’s Prescription Drug User Fee Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Ethics, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 1:30 p.m., 1015 Long-worth. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Re-sults and Accountability at the World Bank’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and In-vestment, hearing entitled ‘‘The JOBS Act at Five: Exam-ining Its Impact and Ensuring the Competitiveness of the U.S. Capital Markets’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Anti-Semitism Across Borders’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward the Baltic States’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Borderless Battle: Defending Against Cyber Threats’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1393, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 695, the ‘‘Child Pro-tection Improvements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 883, the ‘‘Tar-geting Child Predators Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1188, the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 11 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘The Status of the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority Re-structuring Support Agreement’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Law Enforcement’s Use of Facial Recognition Technology’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Adminis-trative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Impact of Voluntary Restricted Distribution Systems in the Phar-maceutical Supply Chain’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on the ‘‘American Health Care Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘The ISS after 2024: Options and Impacts’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Making Washington Work For America’s Small Businesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Healthy Hiring: Enabling VA to Re-cruit and Retain Quality Providers’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight; and Subcommittee on Social Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Social Security Administration’s Representative Payee Program: Who Provides Help’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 22 through March 24, 2017 Senate Chamber During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: March 23, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agriculture, 10 a.m., SR–325. Committee on Appropriations: March 22, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine defense readiness and budget update, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: March 22, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine Army mod-ernization, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. March 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine United States European Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. March 23, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hear-ings to examine Department of Defense civilian personnel reform, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: March 23, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Se-curities and Exchange Commission, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 22, to hold hearings to examine the promises and perils of emerging technologies for cybersecurity, 10 a.m., SD–106. March 22, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine the state of the Coast Guard, focusing on ensuring mili-tary, national security, and enforcement capability and readiness, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. March 23, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safe-ty, and Security, to hold hearings to examine FAA reau-thorization, focusing on perspectives on improving airport infrastructure and aviation manufacturing, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D321 March 21, 2017 Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 22, business meeting to consider S. 512, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: March 22, to hold hear-ings to examine the state of global humanitarian affairs, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: March 22, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor, 9 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: March 22, to hold hearings to examine perspectives from the DHS frontline, focusing on evaluating staffing re-sources and requirements, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: March 22, to continue hear-ings to examine the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: March 22, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple vet-erans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: March 23, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, March 23, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘High Consequences and Uncertain Threats: Reviewing Department of Defense Strategy, Policy, and Programs for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, March 23, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hear-ing on the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 23, Full Committee, hearing entitled, ‘‘Legislative Proposals for Fostering Transparency’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, March 23, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled, ‘‘The Future of America’s Small Family Farms’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: March 22, Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD322 March 21, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, March 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Complete consideration of H.R. 372—Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017. Consideration of H.R. 1101—Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E360 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E354 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E354 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E355 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E357 Comer, James, Ky., E359 Crist, Charlie, Fla., E359 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E358 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E357 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E359 Gabbard, Tulsi, Hawaii, E355 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E354 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E356 Hanabusa, Colleen, Hawaii, E353 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E355 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E356 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E355, E356, E357, E357 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E356 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E354, E358 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E357 Olson, Pete, Tex., E359, E359, E360 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E353 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E357 Roby, Martha, Ala., E356 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E356 Smith, Adam, Wash., E359 Valadao, David G., Calif., E359 Welch, Peter, Vt., E359, E360 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21MR7.REC D21MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST