Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, June is Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, impacting more than 500,000 people in Florida, and 5 million Americans nationwide. It is also the only top 10 cause of death in America that cannot be prevented or cured. Beyond the statistics, finding treatments and cures for Alzheimer’s is a deeply personal mission to so many people, including myself. In Florida, the Byrd Alzheimer’s Institute at USF is one of the largest freestanding institutes dedicated to Alzheimer’s research in the Nation. Their work brings us closer to cures and treatments every day. We are also making great strides in the fight against Alzheimer’s with the 21st Century Cures Act. This historic, nonpartisan legislation, which was signed into law late last year, creates a national data collection system for neurological diseases. Better data will pave the path forward to better treatments. f 
PULSE NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING ANNIVERSARY (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘There will never be an end.’’ That is how Emily Addison described the love and the loss she feels for her partner and the mother of her son, Deonka Drayton. Deonka was one of 49 victims killed at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando 1 year ago today. She was one of hundreds who had gone to Pulse that night as a place of celebration, a place of joy, and a place of pride. We mark 1 year since the worst mass shooting in our history, an act of terror against the LGBT community, and 
we mark this somber event today during Pride Month. This day creates enormous tension for the LGBT community and its allies. Our hearts are broken for the victims and for their families. We are angry, we are frustrated, yet we are still filled with pride. We are proud of the lives they lived, though they were cut far too short. Today, I stand with the LGBT community. And together, we stand against hatred, we stand against terror, and we stand for love and for pride, pride that has no end. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1543 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 3 o’clock and 43 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 446) to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 446 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 446. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 446 authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, upon request, to extend by 6 years the time period during which construction must commence on the Gathright Hydroelectric Project located in Alleghany County, Virginia. Additionally, FERC may reinstate the construction license if it is expired. A similar bill was passed under suspension of the rules in the 114th Congress in a bipartisan way, and I would hope that we can do it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 446, a bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, introduced by Mr. GRIFFITH . On March 13, 2012, FERC licensed the Gathright Hydroelectric Project to be located at the Army Corps of Engineers’ Gathright Dam on the Jackson River in Alleghany County, Virginia. The licensee for the Gathright project was not able to commence construction by the alreadyextended deadline in March 2016. The bill would, therefore, authorize FERC to extend for up to three consecutive 2year periods the date by which the licensee is required to commence construction. Similar legislation passed the House of Representatives by voice vote twice during the last Congress. I hope everybody will support passage of H.R. 446. I hope we can get this thing built. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 446, which would extend the construction commencement deadline for a hydroelectric project at the Gathright Dam in Alleghany County. Extensive coordination between the hydroelectric project developer and the Army Corps and the current difficulties in obtaining a power purchase agreement have necessitated this construction’s startdate extension. This legislation has passed the House previously unanimously and was included in last Congress’s House comprehensive energy bill. It is my hope that this legislation will once again receive overwhelming support in this Chamber. I appreciate the support of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 446. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXTENDING DEADLINE FOR CONSTRUCTION OF HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT NUMBERED 12740 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 447) to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 447 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 447. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, upon request, to extend by 6 years the time period during which construction must commence on the Flannagan Dam and Reservoir Hydroelectric Project located in Dickenson County, Virginia. Additionally, FERC may reinstate the construction license if it is expired. The bill, again, passed under suspension in the 114th Congress, and I would hope that we could do the same today in a bipartisan way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I again rise in support of legislation by Mr. GRIFFITH , H.R. 447, which would extend the deadline for commencement of construction of the Flannagan Hydroelectric Project, to be located at the Army Corps of Engineers’ John W. Flannagan Dam on the Russell Fork River in Dickenson County, Virginia. The licensee for the Flannagan Hydroelectric Project did not commence construction by the alreadyextended deadline in January 2016. Legislation is now required for the project to move forward. The bill would authorize FERC to extend for up to three consecutive years the date by which the licensee is required to commence construction. During the last Congress, the full House of Representatives passed similar legislation by voice vote. I once again hope my colleagues will help me in supporting passage of H.R. 447. Let’s get this one built, too. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 447, which would extend the construction commencement deadline for a hydroelectric project at the Flannagan Dam in Dickenson County. Extensive coordination between the hydroelectric project developer and the Army Corps and the current difficulties in obtaining a power purchase agreement have necessitated this construction startdate extension. This legislation passed the House last Congress unanimously and was included in the last Congress’ House comprehensive energy bill. It is my hope that this legislation will once again receive overwhelming support in this Chamber. I appreciate the support of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 447. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STREAMLINING ENERGY EFFICIENCY FOR SCHOOLS ACT OF 2017 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 627) to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to provide for the dissemination of information regarding available Federal programs relating to energy efficiency projects for schools, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 627 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 627. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 627, is an important bill that would help the Nation’s schools make use of existing Federal programs to actually reduce their energy use. There currently are a number of such programs that help schools undertake projects that improve energy efficiency. Unfortunately, school districts don’t always have the knowhow to navigate the complexities 
of the Federal system and take full advantage of these programs. The bill creates a simple onestop shop to get all the needed information and help school districts participate more fully in these programs. The bottom line is that the Nation’s schools will, in fact, reduce their energy costs. As it is, energy use in American K–12 schools totals $6 billion every year, and reducing this figure can certainly save taxpayer dollars or free up funds that schools can use on things other than energy bills. This bill, H.R. 627, has no cost since it merely sets up a system under which existing school energy efficiency programs can work better. A similar bill was passed under suspension of the rules at the end of the last Congress, and I would hope that we can do it today, at the beginning of this Congress, so that the Senate can follow suit and get this to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to voice my strong support for H.R. 627, Mr. CARTWRIGHT ’s Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act. This is a great bill that will provide a coordinated structure for our Nation’s schools to help them better navigate available Federal programs and financing options. Across the country, K–12 school districts spend literally billions of dollars on their energy bills each year while an estimated 14 million American children attend deteriorating public schools. By upgrading these systems, we can increase efficiency and focus school funding to achieve better educational outcomes. This legislation passed the House previously with broad bipartisan support, and I urge everybody to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ), the author of the bill. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership and Chairman UPTON for bringing this bill up under suspension today, and I thank the gentlewoman from Colorado for yielding me the time. I thank the entire Energy and Commerce Committee, which, once again, voted unanimously in committee in favor of this bill—a bill that has passed the House twice under suspension in each of the past two Congresses. Both times it passed during the final days of the Congress, and the Senate did not have a chance to take the bill up. I am glad the House is considering it now in plenty of time for the Senate to consider it and act. I would also thank Congressman PETER WELCH from Vermont for his leadership on the bill. It is no secret that he is one of the great champions in the House on the issue of energy efficiency, and it has been my pleasure to work with him. Mr. Speaker, so many schools across the country are in need of upgrades and improvements to their facilities. In its most recent 2017 Infrastructure Report Card, the American Society of Civil Engineers gave the condition of our Nation’s schools a grade of Dplus. As school administrators undertake badly needed improvements, they have an opportunity to substantially improve their facilities’ energy efficiency, producing benefits for both the environment and the economy. In reducing their energy bills, schools can put the savings to use on other educational priorities. According to the EPA and the Department of Energy, K–12 school districts nationwide spend approximately $8 billion on their energy bills every year—second only to personnel costs— exceeding the costs of textbooks and supplies. An estimated $2 billion of that cost could be saved by improving energy efficiency, an amount that could pay for, for example, 40 million textbooks. Energy expenses are one of the few costs that can be reduced while at the same time improving classroom instruction. In fact, highperformance schools can lower a school district’s operating costs by up to 30 percent. There are numerous Federal initiatives already available to schools to help them become more energy efficient, but these programs are spread across the Federal Government, making it challenging, time consuming, and costly for schools to identify and take full advantage of these programs. In addition, schools can use several different general purpose programs for energy efficiency projects if they know how to locate and apply for them. Introduced in the Senate as S. 383 by Senator SUSAN COLLINS , this bipartisan Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act aims to provide a coordinating structure for busy school administrators to help them better navigate available Federal programs and financing options. This legislation does not spend an additional dime and keeps its decisionmaking authority with the States, the school boards, and local officials. This bill establishes a clearinghouse through the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, which will disseminate information on Federal programs and financing mechanisms that may be used to develop energy efficiency, distributed generation, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. The bill also directs the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to coordinate with Federal agencies and develop an outreach effort to streamline communications and promote available Federal programs. Such outreach may include a single website where school officials can learn more about the relevant programs. Overburdened school administrators should not have to spend hours and hours wading through the Federal bureaucracy as they look for ways to improve energy efficiency. This commonsense legislation will ensure that schools can more easily take advantage of existing energy efficiency programs. It is a strategic and costsaving investment to relieve the fiscal pressure felt by school districts across the country, supported by overburdened homeowners, while bringing us closer to energy security in America. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to support this great, bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 627. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1600 EXTENDING DEADLINE FOR CONSTRUCTION OF HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT NUMBERED 12642 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 951) to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 951 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 951, introduced by the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the distinguished chair of the Education and the Workforce Committee, authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, to extend up to 6 years the time period during which construction must commence on the W. Kerr Scott Hydropower Project located on the Yadkin River in Wilkes County, North Carolina. Additionally, FERC may reinstate the construction license if it is expired. A similar bill was passed under suspension in the last Congress, and I hope that we can pass it again today, urging the Senate to take this legislation up. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us, sponsored by the gentlewoman from North Carolina, would authorize FERC to extend for 6 years the date by which the licensee for the W. Kerr Scott Hydropower Project is required to commence construction. This is necessary because the project’s licensee was not able to commence construction by the alreadyextended deadline of July 17, 2016. Similar legislation authored by Ms. FOXXpassed the House during the 114th Congress by a vote of 406–3. I hope my colleagues will support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). I rise in support of H.R. 951, a bill I authored to extend the license authorizing the Wilkesboro Hydroelectric Company’s construction of its hydropower project at W. Kerr Scott Dam. The project has required exhaustive coordination with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and there have been delays in the review process for the design plans. As the Wilkesboro Hydroelectric Company takes steps to comply with statutory mandates and requirements by Federal regulators, the shot clock for action on breaking ground dwindles. As has often happened with these projects, delays in the review process and coordination efforts precluded the start of construction. I ask my colleagues to support a new authorization for this project, along with the other projects the House is considering today. Furthermore, I applaud Representative MCMORRIS RODGERS and the House Energy and Commerce Committee for working on comprehensive reform legislation to address the statutory framework and FERC processes pertaining to these projects. I am a proud supporter of our Nation’s renewable energy resources. Congress should optimize the use of our Nation’s clean, renewable hydropower potential by bringing regulatory and permitting certainty to the process. Given North Carolina’s growth and demand for electricity, my State needs Congress to explore every opportunity to meet our energy demands, provide for job growth, and sustain our environment. As chair of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I will work tirelessly with the other committees in the House and the Trump administration to achieve this. I thank Chairman WALDEN , Majority Leader MCCARTHY , and former Chairman UPTON for bringing this important legislation to the floor. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, this is important legislation, and I would like to think that we can pass it again this afternoon. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 951. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FEDERAL POWER ACT AMENDMENT Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1109) to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1109 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The amendment made by section 1 shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 1109, is, again, a bipartisan bill introduced by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). It was reported by unanimous consent from the Energy and Commerce Committee. It amends the Federal Power Act with respect to the prohibition regarding mergers or consolidations by a public utility. Any merger or consolidation of a public utility whose value exceeds $10 million must first be authorized by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. In addition, FERC is required to promulgate a rule within 180 days that mandates any public utility seeking to merge or consolidate to notify FERC within 30 days of transaction consummation if the value of such merger or consolidation exceeds $1 million but, in fact, is less than $10 million. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1109, sponsored by Representatives WALBERG and DINGELL , which would add a $10 million threshold to trigger FERC review of a merger or consolidation. This is a significant change to current law as established through the Energy Policy Act of 2005. Obviously, FERC should not have to rely on trade publications or on word of mouth to know that merger or consolidation activity involving regulated utilities is occurring. This bill, as reported by the Energy and Commerce Committee, includes language requiring FERC to undertake a rulemaking to develop a short, simple, notification process for transactions above the $1 
million mark that fall below the new $10 million threshold. This addresses a problem, in that FERC lacked a standardized way to acquire the information necessary to know that these belowthreshold transactions were occurring. Without that knowledge, it would be too easy for someone looking to evade the new $10 million threshold to break their transaction into smaller pieces and, thereby, escape review. I want to commend the gentleman and the gentlewoman from Michigan for their work to address this matter. I think this is sensible legislation that reduces the burden on industry and on the government, while ensuring the public good is fully protected. I urge the passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), the author of the legislation. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from Michigan, the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, as well as the ranking member of the subcommittee for this opportunity. I also want to start off by thanking the Energy and Commerce Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their time and work on this issue. Additionally, I would like also to thank my colleague, DEBBIE DINGELL , for being an original cosponsor of H.R. 1109 and helping advance this bipartisan and, might I add, commonsense rule. Based on current statute, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission takes the position that approval from the Commission is necessary for all mergers and acquisitions, no matter how small or insignificant the value of the facilities involved, even down to zero. FERC’s interpretation has led to trivial paperwork that bogs down the Commission and creates unnecessary red tape for American businesses, ultimately increasing utility bills for the consumer. H.R. 1109 will help reduce excessive paperwork burdens and bring down energy prices for American families. This bipartisan solution unties FERC’s hands and allows the Commission to ensure American consumers are getting the most affordable and reliable electricity possible in a commonsense sort of way. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1109. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1109. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
REINSTATING AND EXTENDING DEADLINE FOR CONSTRUCTION OF HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT 12715 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2122) to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2122 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REINSTATEMENT AND EXTENSION OF TIME FOR A FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING JENNINGS RANDOLPH DAM. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 2122, was introduced by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ), and it authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, upon request, to extend by 6 years the time period during which construction must commence on the Jennings Randolph Hydroelectric Project, which is located on the North Branch of the Potomac River in Garrett County, Maryland, and Mineral County, West Virginia. Additionally, FERC may reinstate the construction license if it has expired. A similar bill passed under suspension in the 114th Congress, so I hope that we can pass it again today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2122, a bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Jennings Randolph Dam, sponsored by my Energy and Commerce Committee colleague, Mr. MCKINLEY . In March 2012, FERC licensed the construction of a hydroelectric facility at the Army Corps’ Jennings Randolph Dam located on the Potomac River’s North Branch in Maryland and West Virginia. The licensee for the Jennings Randolph Dam project was not able to commence construction by the already extended deadline of April 2016. The bill would authorize FERC to extend for 6 years the date by which the licensee is required to commence construction. FERC has no objections to this legislation, and similar legislation passed the House by a 418–2 vote during the 114th Congress. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting H.R. 2122, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2122. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HYDROPOWER PERMIT EXTENSION ACT Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2274) to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for extended periods relating to preliminary permits and commencement of construction, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
H.R. 2274 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘HYdropower Permit Extension Act’’ or the ‘‘HYPE Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 2274, was introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), and it was passed by unanimous consent by the Energy and Commerce Committee. The bill, H.R. 2274, amends the Federal Power Act to allow the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, to extend periods relating to preliminary permits and commencement of construction of hydroelectric projects. This bill is a commonsense bill, bipartisan, and I would hope that all Members would join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2274, the HYdropower Permit Extension, or HYPE, Act. I am pleased that the House is considering this legislation, which was recently introduced by my colleague, Mr. PETERS , of the committee, to provide the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission with the authority to grant longer periods for preliminary and construction permits and associated extensions under sections 5 and 13 of the Federal Power Act. Right now, as we have seen from the debating of these six bills today, this is something that can only be done by an act of Congress on a casebycase basis. b1615 As much as we have all enjoyed debating these extensions of time today, it is clear that it would be more efficient and it also would save more time in Congress if these extensions could be done directly by FERC. I commend Mr. PETERS . I hope all of my colleagues will join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), the author of the bill. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, hydropower is one of the few carbonfree energy sources that provides a steady baseload of electricity. Producing more electricity from hydropower helps us meet our clean energy goals and reduce harmful emissions that pollute our air and water. This bill, the Hydropower Permit Extension Act, would cut red tape for hydropower construction permits and incentivize greater investment in this energy source. The act gives already approved hydropower projects an extra year on their initial permit and allows FERC to grant a 4year extension to projects that are delayed from breaking ground during their initial permit. And as the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) said, right now this takes an act of Congress to extend construction permits for hydropower projects, even though they have gone through a rigorous environmental regulatory process. Moving forward, the ultimate solution to unlocking hydropower is to streamline the regulatory process. It is my hope that we can continue to have bipartisan, productive conversations like these on how to get hydropower projects moving, how to get them approved more quickly, while still meeting high environmental standards. I want to thank Chairman WALDEN  and Ranking Member PALLONE , Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member RUSH, for working with me and the committee to advance this bill through the committee and to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I would do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2274. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXTENDING A PROJECT INVOLVING THE CANNONSVILLE DAM Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2292) to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2292 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR A FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING CANNONSVILLE DAM. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This bill, H.R. 2292, was introduced by Mr. FASOfrom New York, and the bill authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, upon request, to extend by 8 years the time period during which construction must commence on the Cannonsville hydroelectric project—which is located on the west branch of the Delaware River in the Catskill Mountains of upstate New York. The city of New York was granted a construction license for the Cannonsville hydroelectric project on May 13, 2014. Additionally, FERC may reinstate the construction license if it is expired. The bill was reported by unanimous consent from the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I support its passage on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2292, a bill to extend the deadline for commencement and construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Cannonsville Dam. On May 13, 2014, FERC licensed construction of a hydroelectric facility at the Cannonsville Reservoir located on the west branch of the Delaware River in Delaware County, New York. The licensee for this project was not able to commence construction by the deadline of May 2016. The additional reviews and repairs to the dam, which are necessary to begin construction of the hydroelectric project, will delay construction commencement beyond the expiration date of the original license and the 2year extension which FERC is authorized to grant. The bill would, therefore, authorize FERC to extend up to 8 years the date by which the licensee is required to commence construction. Similar legislation passed the House during the 114th Congress by a vote of 417–2. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO). Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express support for my legislation, H.R. 2292, which would extend the construction period for the hydroelectric project at New York City’s Cannonsville Dam in Delaware County, New York. Once completed, the Cannonsville hydroelectric project will generate over 42,000 megawatt hours of electricity each year, enough to avoid the emission of 24,000 tons of greenhouse gases. But, unfortunately, the project is in jeopardy due to this time lag. Current Federal Energy Regulation Commission regulations allow a licensee 2 years to begin construction of a hydroelectric project once the license has been issued. The FERC may extend the deadline for an additional 2 years, but this may only be done once. If construction has not begun on the project by the expiration of the second extension, the Commission will terminate the license, risking all of the hard work and planning that had been put into the project development. I introduced this legislation to further extend the deadline for construction at the Cannonsville site, because the second FERCgranted extension will expire shortly, and construction has not yet begun. By allowing for additional time for commencement of construction, we can help protect downstream communities and ensure the safe development of a clean and renewable energy project on this New York Cityowned facility. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. UPTON , the chairman of the subcommittee, and Ms. DEGETTE , the ranking member of the subcommittee, and also thank the sponsors from New York State on this bipartisan legislation, including Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. MENG, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. C LARKE , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. COLLINS , and Mrs. M ALONEY . By bringing together the stakeholders from across the Empire State, we have ensured that a variety of constituent concerns have been met in the development of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2292 so that we can further protect public water supplies for New York City and help strengthen and modernize our Nation’s energy infrastructure. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2292. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
J. BENNETT JOHNSTON WATERWAY HYDROPOWER EXTENSION ACT OF 2017 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2457) to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2457 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘J. Bennett Johnston Waterway Hydropower Extension Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2457, as amended. This bill was introduced by Mr. JOHNSON from Louisiana and was reported by unanimous consent from the Energy and Commerce Committee. The bill, H.R. 2457, authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, to extend the time period during which a licensee is required to commence the construction of Commission project numbers 12756, 12757, and 12758 for up to three consecutive 2year periods. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage all Members to join me and support passage of this bill, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
ENERGY AND MANUFACTURING WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 338) to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 338 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased that we are considering this legislation, H.R. 338, a bill to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, introduced by my friend and great colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ). This bipartisan bill takes steps to help make training for energy manufacturing jobs available to women and minorities as well as veterans. By way of background, the bill was unanimously approved by the House last Congress by a voice vote. It was also included in the energy bill conference negotiations. But, unfortunately, even though the bill received overwhelming support in both the House and the Senate, it didn’t make it to the President’s desk before time ran out. The U.S. has undergone an energy renaissance, driven by newly discovered resources, technological innovation, and a skilled workforce. Millions and millions of new jobs had been created, and many more are opening up, but we have got to continue to invest in our workers in order to maintain global leadership and maximize the economic potential of our energy abundance. This bill, H.R. 338, takes important steps in the right direction by requiring that the Department of Energy modernize and improve coordination among the numerous workforce development programs and activities that expand the Department’s programs, offices, labs, and technology centers. This bipartisan bill places an emphasis on maximizing the Department’s existing resources and increasing the diversity of our energy and manufacturing workforce by increasing opportunities for women, minorities, and veterans. It also improves reemployment opportunities for outofwork and dislocated workers, which, for example, would provide welcome relief to workers discouraged by sharp downturns in the coal industry. Mr. Speaker, this legislation before us today is a good government bill that is going to increase benefits for American workers. I would encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased we are considering this bill sponsored by my friend and colleague, the ranking member of the Energy Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. RUSH. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH). Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I must begin by commending Chairman WALDEN ; Chairman UPTON ; Ranking Member PALLONE ; our friend and colleague from the great State of Colorado, Congresswoman DEGETTE ; and the committee staff and all for working with my office to bring the 21st century workforce legislation to the House floor today. I must also publicly acknowledge the leadership of my colleague Mr. HUDSON  of North Carolina and his staff, who played an instrumental and very important role in helping us to get to this point. Mr. Speaker, the 21st century workforce bill represents hope and represents opportunity for many of our fellow citizens who feel as though they have been locked out of the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, this workforce bill also provides an example of how Congress should function and work on behalf of the American people. This legislation enjoys the overwhelming support of Members of Congress who represent various constituencies from diverse regions of our Nation and who come with different and varying political persuasions. However, Mr. Speaker, we were able to put aside our political differences, our regional differences, and our cultural differences and focus our efforts on bringing forth a jobs bill that would benefit all communities and help lift up the American economy for all its people. Mr. Speaker, this bill directs the Secretary of Energy to prioritize the training of underrepresented groups, including minorities, women, and veterans, as well as displaced and unemployed energy and manufacturing workers. This bill directs the Secretary of Energy to take into full recognition the hurt and the pain of the White middle class, of the White working class, 
the AfricanAmerican, the Black working class, and the Brown working class in order to increase the number of skilled candidates trained to work in the related fields that were brought to bear by the energy renaissance in our Nation. This bill will strengthen and more fully engage Department of Energy programs and national laboratories in order to carry out the Department’s workforce development initiatives. This legislation will help to develop a skilled labor force trained to work in a wide array of sectors, including renewables, energy efficiency, oil and gas, coal, nuclear, utility, pipeline, and alternative fuels, as well as energyintensive and advanced manufacturing industries. Mr. Speaker, as we know, the energy and manufacturing industries are two of the most critical and fastest growing sectors both domestically as well as internationally. The potential of these two industries can help bolster the American economy and are also vital to the growing number of people seeking middle class status—not just a change of lifestyle, but seeking more money. They are satisfied with their lifestyle; they just need more income. It is important, Mr. Speaker, that we equip our citizens with the skills needed to meet this growing demand so that we can tap into these tremendous opportunities, and this bill, Mr. Speaker, will help us accomplish that goal. Mr. Speaker, this 21st century workforce legislation addresses an issue that is neither partisan nor bipartisan, but, rather, it is nonpartisan. It is a nonpartisan issue that benefits communities, benefits industry, and benefits the overall American economy. This bill brings together government agencies, including the national labs, the energy and manufacturing industries, unions, schools, community colleges and universities, among others, and promotes cooperation and collaboration to ensure that we are tapping into a wealth of underutilized talent and are training and preparing workers for the energy and manufacturing jobs of the present and also of the future. Mr. Speaker, one of the challenges that many of my constituents—and constituents all across the land—have brought to my attention pertains to individuals participating in training programs that, in many cases, don’t even lead to finding a job. With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, this bill will help industry, schools, and communitybased workforce organizations to identify candidates for enrollment into training and apprenticeship programs. The objective will be to ensure that the skills learned are immediately transferable to goodpaying jobs and goodpaying careers within the energy and manufacturing sectors regionally, nationally, and, indeed, internationally. Mr. Speaker, this bill is important because it matches up the needs of industry with a willing and able workforce and, in the process, helps start new cycles of hope and opportunity for groups who have, in many cases, been overlooked and underserved: the White working class, the Black working class, and the Brown working class. This legislation can help to open new pathways to jobs, careers, and entrepreneurial opportunities for women, minorities, our veterans, and all the different working classes that comprise the American workforce while also helping to move our overall economy forward. Mr. Speaker, at a time when African American and Latino unemployment rates are too high, when coal miners throughout the Rust Belt and beyond are finding themselves without work, when too many female heads of household cannot find adequate employment to take care of their families, and when veterans returning from defending our country still cannot find a job, it is a travesty—Mr. Speaker, a travesty— that eager employers still cannot locate the trained workers that they so desperately need. This is common sense, Mr. Speaker, and this is a commonsense jobs bill that will help match up trained and qualified candidates with goodpaying jobs and careers that will help lift up communities, strengthen the energy and manufacturing industries, and bolster the entire American economy as a whole. With its focus not only on underserved communities such as minorities, women, and veterans, but also displaced and unemployed coal miners and other outofwork energy workers, I can assure you, Mr. Speaker, that when this legislation ultimately becomes law, it will go a long way in helping not only communities that look like the one I represent on the south side of Chicago, but look like communities all across the Nation, including communities in West Virginia, Kentucky, Indiana, and New Mexico— all across this country, every community and every district throughout this Nation. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ). Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 338, a bipartisan jobs bill to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce. By and large, we all share the same goals of creating more jobs and building a healthy economy; but, as we have seen too often in Washington, progress can get caught up in partisan gridlock. I am focused on cutting through the partisanship and the noise and finding commonsense solutions to the problems our country faces. H.R. 338 is a prime example of that. Much like the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act that I was honored to help get signed into law several years ago, H.R. 338 strengthens job training programs—specifically in the energy and manufacturing industries—to invest in our workforce. This legislation will help connect individuals with job training programs while also making current programs more efficient, and it takes important steps to increase opportunities for women, veterans, and minorities. As I have traveled across my district, I have seen firsthand just how effective local, highskilled job training programs can be: In Kannapolis, RowanCabarrus Community College has partnered with A.L. Brown High School on a welding program that will open doors for so many students; At both Stanly Community College and Sandhills Community College, the advanced manufacturing programs are the critical training grounds for high skilled manufacturing workers; At Fayetteville Tech, veterans get the support and the skills they need to find meaningful employment outside of the Armed Forces. I want to thank Chairman UPTON , Chairman WALDEN , and Ranking Member PALLONE for their support. I want to thank Ranking Member BOBBY RUSH for his leadership and for working with me in a bipartisan manner for a cause that is important to all of us, that is, to help people get back to work. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and to continue to stay focused on America’s priorities: jobs and the economy. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, my home State of Colorado has an economy strongly based in the energy industry. Of course, my district, which is primarily an urban district, has many, many workers who could be working in this industry, so I want to commend both of these gentlemen for sponsoring this legislation. It is a good bill. We need to get it across the finish line. Hopefully, because we are doing it early in this Congress, we can get that done. Please vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say I have watched these two gentlemen, Mr. RUSHand Mr. H UDSON , work together, something that our committee does a lot on lots of different issues, from oversight to energy, to healthcare, to telecommunications. Mr. RUSHhas had an outstanding career. The gentleman’s district is close to mine. He and I have been in each other’s districts quite a bit over the last number of years. This bill is a legacy to Mr. RUSH. The gentleman has cared with real passion about energy jobs and making sure that we have the expertise and the technical training knowing that we want to compete with the rest of the world. I commend the gentleman again for working with Mr. HUDSON —a brilliant star on our side of the aisle—to get this bill done. We look forward to the President’s signing it into law, and we are looking 
forward to having the Senate move similar bipartisan legislation so we can get the job done. That is what it is all about. So I want to thank the gentleman for his tireless commitment to getting this issue done. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill again. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 338, to Promote a 21st Century Energy and Manufacturing Workforce Future Act. For years, many of the industries I represent have complained of workforce shortages. In East Houston and Harris County, if we were able to recruit every union electrician in the country, we would still have a shortage. The same is probably true for pipefitters, welders, etc. The economy in our part of the country is rapidly expanding thanks to the development of the Eagleford shale and the Permian Basin. We must ensure that this economic prosperity is shared across all of our community. In Texas, workforce diversity has to be a reality. I am pleased that Representative RUSH has crafted this legislation and I am proud to be an original cosponsor. I am also proud to support workforce development opportunities for Hispanics, African Americans, and women in the energy field. The industry needs skilled workers and we need to create opportunity for everyone, including many of those I represent in and around the area. The bill will encourage the Department of Energy to conduct outreach to these communities to ensure they have access to the knowledge, skills and abilities required to fill high paying jobs in the energy field. Thanks to efforts by ExxonMobil and the Texas Gulf Coast Community College Consortium, we are already addressing the workforce needs of our industries but more needs to be done and this bill will help us achieve these goals. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 338. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 300 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 2292), and 301 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 2457), I did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on both of the votes. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2581, VERIFY FIRST ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 1094, DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–177) on the resolution (H. Res. 378) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2581) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require the provision of social security numbers as a condition of receiving the health insurance premium tax credit, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 1094) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2372, VETERANS EQUAL TREATMENT ENSURES RELIEF AND ACCESS NOW ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2579, BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–178) on the resolution (H. Res. 379) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2372) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules relating to veteran health insurance and eligibility for the premium tax credit, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LGBT PRIDE MONTH (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize June as LGBT Pride Month, a time in which we celebrate the progress our country has made toward equality and honor the contributions of LGBT Americans to the diverse fabric that is our Nation. I would like to thank the many organizations in my congressional district, SAVE, Unity CoalitionCoalicion Unida, the National LGBTQ Task Force, just to name a few, and recognize their invaluable work to promote acceptance and fight harassment, bullying, and discrimination wherever it takes place. This month we also celebrate 2 years of marriage equality. The union of two people in marriage should not be based on gender, but on love, and those legally married couples deserve equal respect and treatment under the law. Mr. Speaker, this month of celebration is also, sadly, a stark reminder that we have a lot more work to do to end LGBT violence. We also commemorate the 1year anniversary of the Pulse Nightclub terrorist shooting. As we honor the memories of those we have lost, we must also make a commitment to stand together to disarm hate and demand the equality, dignity, and respect for all individuals at home and abroad. 
LGBT PRIDE MONTH (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, after 18 years of a loving partnership, my friends, Tim and Mike, were finally allowed to do what billions of men and women have been doing for many centuries, enter a legal commitment called marriage. Yesterday, I had the joy of celebrating LGBT Pride Month on the National Mall with Tim and Mike and hundreds of thousands of people of all genders and sexual orientations. We rejoiced our common humanity and the right for each person to be their true self. Miley Cyrus, the festival headliner, said it best: It was a party in the USA. And, yes, our country has come a long way from the Stonewall riots of June 1969. The thing is, there is more work to be done. Today, we remember the horrific Orlando Pulse Nightclub shooting 1 year ago. We must keep striving for a world where all people can live away from violence and free to love who they want to love without recrimination. 
LITTLE ROCK’S CHI ST. VINCENT INFIRMARY (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Little Rock’s CHI St. Vincent for being named to the 2017 list of 100 Great Hospitals in America by Becker’s Hospital Review. CHI St. Vincent Infirmary’s history of excellence in patient care dates back to 1888, when it began as a 10bed charity hospital and the first hospital in Little Rock. Over the years, to meet increasing demand for patient care, in addition to expansion for construction, the hospital has made four moves to larger facilities. In 1906, the hospital opened Arkansas’ first nursing school, the St. Vincent’s Infirmary School of Nursing. I am proud to have come into this world at St. Vincent, as did our two children. I would like to thank CHI St. Vincent for continuing its 129year legacy of leadership in patient care centered on service and quality care in central Arkansas. f 
AHCA TO REPEAL AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, last month, House Republicans passed the AHCA, which would repeal the Affordable Care Act, and now Republican Senators are working on their own version. So far, we know the plan they are developing will be a disaster for our economy and for countless Americans who will either pay more for their healthcare or struggle to afford coverage at all. The Senate plan would force working families to pay higher premiums, end Medicaid as we know it, and could make health insurance nearly unaffordable for people with preexisting conditions and older Americans. At this point, we don’t know more details of the Senate plan because the Republican leadership is attempting to deny the American people a voice in their own healthcare system. We need a healthcare reform that lowers cost, expands coverage, and strengthens our economy. We need legislation written in the light of day that can survive public debate. We do not need this. 
HONORING PENN STATE’S OLDEST ALUMNUS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last week, Penn State community lost a legend. Mr. Ray Walker passed away Friday at his home. He was 105 and Penn State’s oldest living alumnus. Ray told our local newspaper that he saw the university grow a lot over the years from ‘‘just a cow college’’ to becoming one of the largest universities in the Nation. Penn State truly shaped Ray Walker’s life. Back in 1931, he thought he wanted to be a doctor, but there was a requirement that he needed to take German. After failing twice, he reevaluated his major and decided to pursue business. Around that time, his father told him that he would have to leave Penn State because the family money was lost in the bank crash. But Ray went to work: He started selling potatoes and coal to fraternity houses, and by the time he graduated in 1935, he was sending money home to help his family. He founded Bradford Coal and was the driving force in surface mining all over the world. Penn State and I will miss Ray Walker. He was a friend. He was a distinguished alumnus and loved by all who knew him. May he rest in peace. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S MUSLIM BAN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free are still welcome in America, no thanks to President Trump. Today, for the second time, President Trump lost a ruling on his Muslim ban in the Federal courts of appeal. The purpose of the President’s ban is clear. The then Presidential candidate Trump explicitly called for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. Just last week, President Trump criticized his revised ban as politically correct and called for a much tougher version. The President’s executive order is a Muslim ban, plain and simple. Any argument to the contrary is undercut by the President’s own tweets. President Trump, by his own words and by his own actions, is abdicating America’s moral leadership. The greatness of America is not built on isolation and discrimination. It is built on the rule of law and the ideals of equality and inclusion and on the rich history of immigration. 
SUPPORT THE STAPLE ACT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, brilliant minds from around the world come to the United States to pursue advanced degrees. Unfortunately, for many of these individuals, after we train them, after we educate them, we force them to return to their home countries due to our outdated immigration policy. And then guess what? They compete with us. They compete with the American economy, and this makes no sense. That is why I am authoring the bipartisan Stopping Trained in America 
Ph.D.’s from Leaving the Economy Act, the STAPLE Act, along with my colleague Congressman QUIGLEY . The STAPLE Act exempts individuals born outside the United States from the limits of employmentbased green cards and H–1B visas that are awarded annually if that individual has earned a Ph.D. from an American institution in the STEM fields of science, technology, engineering, or math. Mr. Speaker, by retaining the talent that has benefited from our education system, we can unleash even more economic and innovative opportunity here at home. Not only does the STAPLE Act help promote the American Dream for those from overseas, but it also brings the potential for new invention and ideas that benefit American families and jobs here at home. 
REMEMBERING 49 AMERICANS GUNNED DOWN AT THE PULSE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, on June 12, 2016, 49 Americans were gunned down at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando. Tonight we remember the beautiful lives lost and all those who suffered injury in this horrific attack. Sadly, LGBT Americans continue to be the target of horrific hatred and violence here and around the world. Don’t let anyone tell you that we have full equality in this country. We don’t. There is too much hatred in this country. Anytime an LGBT American is mocked or treated as less than equal, it is an attack on the values that all of us share as Americans. These expressions of bigotry and intolerance only serve to exacerbate hatred and violence. We cannot let them go unanswered. Over the last few days, so many have joined in showing their support for the LGBT community and remembering the victims in Orlando. We are strongest when we stand united toward a common purpose of equality for all Americans. It is my sincere hope that we will build greater understanding toward one another and move closer toward ensuring that every American can live free from discrimination and violence of any kind and in a world where everyone is valued and treated with dignity and respect. 
EXPRESSION OF GRATITUDE TO HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES ENTERING THE MILITARY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and to express my gratitude to the young men and women who are answering the call to serve in our military upon graduation from high school this year. Throughout New York’s 22nd Congressional District, countless men and women are serving our country. We are thankful to those who will now join them in the armed services. They have taken upon themselves a duty and a responsibility far greater than themselves. General MacArthur famously said: ‘‘Duty, honor, country: those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, and what you will be.’’ We as a community and as a country are thankful for their dedication and service. We wish them tremendous success in their service to our great Nation. I also wish to acknowledge specifically the Conklin Kiwanis Club’s ‘‘First to Say Thank You’’ program that was held to honor the men and women of the Southern Tier who are joining the military service. From the 22nd District, there are 35 individuals who are being recognized, and their names will be permanently commemorated in the official CONGRESSIONAL  RECORD . I congratulate them and thank them. 
b1915 RECOGNIZING BEATRICE AND FRED SORKIN (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to rise today to honor two remarkable constituents and their extraordinary achievement that should stand as a model for us all. Last month, Beatrice and Fred Sorkin of Lincolnshire, Illinois, celebrated their 77th wedding anniversary—77 years of love, family, and commitment. Bea and Fred met as teenagers in Brooklyn, New York. Fred was a sheet metal worker by trade and in 1950 started his own business that he ran for over 40 years. Bea worked in a bank. She began selling savings bonds and rose to become a bank teller and eventually assistant vice president. Their family has been blessed with two children, Rae and Herbert; their spouses, Michael and Gloria; four grandchildren: Jeffrey, Andrew, Alyse, and Sharon; and, now, seven great grandchildren. According to the data collected by the Worldwide Marriage Encounter Organization, Bea and Fred are the longest married couple in all of Illinois. Bea and Fred Sorkin’s enduring lifelong connection is an inspiring example for us all. On behalf of Illinois’ 10th District, it is my privilege to congratulate Bea and Fred on their 77th wedding anniversary. I wish them and their family many more years of health and happiness together. REPUBLICANS NEED TO PRODUCE A BUDGET SO WE CAN SERVE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, this House needs to get the job done for the American people and make sure that we operate by regular order. That means we want to pass bills here so that we can operate the Government of the United States, whether it is the Department of Defense, the Small Business Administration, or across the range of departments and agencies. But you can’t do that well unless you have a budget. Now, the Republicans control this House, the Republicans control the Senate, and the Republicans control the White House. They should be able to agree among themselves to pass a budget; and then when, as an appropriator, we pass our 12 appropriation bills, we are given a number and we mark up those 12 bills and we don’t go over budget. But guess what. The Republicans can’t produce a budget. Later this week, we are told the MilitaryVeterans Affairs appropriation bill will be marked up in committee and money will be put in that bill. The problem with that is, if we put the money in that bill, how do we know that we will be able to have money left over for the other 11 bills to fund seniors’ Meals on Wheels or the infrastructure bill that people are talking about? We have a real problem. The Republicans need to do the job and produce a budget so that we can serve the American people as they expect us to do. 
TEXAS WOMEN VETERANS DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great jubilation and excitement to recognize and congratulate the Catholic Charities as they celebrate this day, June 12, being an historic day in Texas because it has been named as Texas Women Veterans Day. The Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of GalvestonHouston wants to ensure that the Texas legislators who supported this are, in fact, congratulated. And we are grateful that it was signed into law. Texas has the highest number of women veterans of any State in the country—last year, 183,597—and these heroes and sheroes could soon have a special day when the State will annually recognize their sacrifices. June 12 now has historic significance. On June 12, 1948, the Women’s Armed Services Integration Act was passed nationally, allowing women to serve as regular members of the military. ‘‘We are delighted that this special population that has bravely served our Nation will be honored in this important way,’’ says Cynthia N. Colbert, 
Catholic Charities president and CEO. ‘‘We serve women veterans through several programs, and we love having the opportunity to recognize those who have served and sacrificed for all of us.’’ So this is a great day. Thank you Texas and the legislators who sponsored it. I look forward to working with legislation to ensure we have a national day here in the United States. But to the staff of Catholic Charities, those who travel to Austin and all of those who recognize that we must honor these veterans as the heroes and sheroes of the Nation, congratulations. You have a day, June 12. Now, forever, we will honor you on this day. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to coanchor this CBC Special Order hour. I would like to acknowledge the great work and the leadership of our chair, CEDRIC RICHMOND of Louisiana, and, of course, my coanchor, MARC VEASEY of Texas, as we lead the discussion for the next 60 minutes. In these next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, Congress, and the constituents that we represent. In this hour, we would like to discuss racism and discrimination in America and, specifically, hate crimes and the radicalization and the domestic terrorism that they present to the American people. The conclusion of Dylann Roof’s trial a few month’s ago is the latest reminder that homegrown terrorism has become part of the fabric of life in America. This problem shows no signs of fading yet reveals a threat that is both rare and more complex than simple explanation suggests. Solving the issue of domestic terrorism through hate crimes involves understanding the true nature of the problem—violent domestic extremism—so that effective steps can be taken to protect the Nation from it. It is legitimate to ask whether homegrown terrorists are being radicalized. We talk about jihadi narratives and Islamic extremism, the Islamic State group recruiting online; but there are other groups in this Nation which are radicalizing our youth, radicalizing young people to be a threat against other Americans. This is a subject and a discussion that has rarely been discussed and which we believe is very important. Since 2001, almost 40 percent of the nearly 150 terrorism fatalities in the United States were related to domestic motivations, not jihadi narratives. It is my hope that in the discussion we will have this hour we are able to discuss in depth the effect that these hate crimes and this domestic violence has on the United States. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter that was written June 7, 2017, by the Congressional Black Caucus to the Honorable Jeff Sessions, Attorney General; Andrew McCabe, Acting Director of the FBI; and John Kelly, Secretary of Homeland Security, in which we express our concern over the alarming number of hate crimes reported across the country, particularly in the wake of the election of President Donald J. Trump. 
CONGRESSIONAL  BLACK CAUCUS , Washington, DC, June 7, 2017. Hon. JEFFSESSIONS , Attorney General, Department of Justice, Washington, DC. ANDREW MCCABE, Acting Director, Federal Bureau of Investigations, Washington, DC. Hon. JOHNKELLY , Secretary of Homeland Security, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS AND  ACTING DIRECTOR MCCABE: I write today to express my concern over the alarming number of hate crimes reported across the country, particularly in the wake of the election of President Donald J. Trump. In addition to speaking out against this rising tide of hate, violence, and intolerance, it is critical that your agencies proactively investigate each and every incident of a potential hate crime and aggressively prosecute these cases to the fullest extent of the law. During the presidential campaign, then candidate Donald Trump employed starkly divisive rhetoric to connect with a segment of his base that relished in cultural grievance and hatred. His tone and the arguments that he made were incredibly offensive to minority communities, and his campaign rallies were forums for some of the ugliest public displays of racebased violence and animus in modern political times. Numerous Black Americans were assaulted at his rallies and scenes of deep racial resentment against Blacks, Hispanics, immigrants, and Muslims were frequently paraded and celebrated. Since the election, it seems hatefilled individuals have been emboldened to terrorize minority communities. In just the first 34 days after the election, the Southern Poverty Law Center counted a total of 1,094 bias incidents around the nation. Disturbingly, the Center also calculated that 37 percent of these cases directly referenced either Presidentelect Trump, his campaign slogans, or his infamous remarks about sexual assault. This data is just from the immediate aftermath of the election. The numbers have increased since then, with national news providing coverage. These are not isolated incidents, but rather a frightening trend forming before our eyes. In fact, this is occurring in Congress’ own back yard, like the horrific hate crime that took place just a few miles away at the University of Maryland when Richard Collins III, a promising young man, was stabbed to death on the eve of his graduation from Bowie State University by an admitted white supremacist. There have also been several reports of nooses hung throughout the District of Columbia, including in the African American Museum of History and Culture and on American University’s campus. To add insult to injury, a Mississippi lawmaker recently called for Louisiana politicians to be ‘‘lynched’’ for supporting the removal of racist confederate monuments from New Orleans. Surely there is no greater cause of a government than to protect the lives of its citizens, particularly those uniquely vulnerable to hate, intolerance, and violence. The federal hate crimes statutes were designed with that mission in mind and serve as a critically important tool in combatting the most insidious elements of our society. That is why I implore you to dedicate additional resources within your respective agencies to address the increasing frequency of these deplorable acts. you should and must investigate each and every potential hate crime and prosecute offenders to the fullest extent allowed under the law. You should also ensure that community leaders, including state and local law enforcement, understand the federal resources available to investigate and prosecute hate crimes. Your leadership is required to not only bring justice to the victims of hate crimes, but also to send a clear message that these acts of domestic terrorism will never be tolerated in this country. Sincerely, CEDRIC RICHMOND , Chair, Congressional Black Caucus. 
Ms. PLASKETT. In addition to speaking out against the rising tide of hate, violence, and intolerance in this country, it is critical that those agencies—the FBI, the Department of Justice, as well as Homeland Security— speak out and proactively investigate each and every incident of potential hate crime and aggressively prosecute these cases to the fullest extent of the law. Since the election, it seems that hatefilled individuals have been emboldened to terrorize minority communities. In just the first 34 days after the election, the Southern Poverty Law Center counted a total of 1,094 bias incidents around the Nation. Disturbingly, the center also calculated that 37 percent of these cases directly referenced either Presidentelect Trump at the time, his campaign slogans, or infamous remarks about sexual assault. This data is just from the immediate aftermath of the election. The numbers have increased since then. It is the responsibility of this Congress as well as those agencies to stem this flow of violence that is occurring in this Nation. We know that our President would not tolerate these sorts of matters, and we are hopeful that he, the Justice Department, the FBI, and Homeland Security will do whatever is necessary to protect American lives from hate crimes that are occurring, domestic terrorism, and the radicalization of our young people to exert hate against other Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), my coanchor, to speak on this issue. Then we will have an opportunity to hear from other members of the Congressional Black Caucus about this. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. PLASKETT for starting off this Special Order hour on racism and discrimination in the age of Trump. 
I really think that this is important and timely that we talk about this because, as you mentioned, these incidents are on the rise and we need to start to discuss them. We need to have open and honest, frank discussions about them, to be quite forward, because, if we don’t, then we are never going to be able to move past this or be able to have a better America in regards to racism, hate, and discrimination if we don’t begin to have that open dialogue. Not only does the country need to have an open dialogue, but I think that, as Members of Congress, we need to be the leaders in this area, and we should be the ones who are kicking off the dialogue and starting this. Make no mistake about it, I know a lot of people will tell you that racism is dead, that discrimination is a thing of the past, that it was something that happened to people that are baby boomers and older and that the effects of discrimination are no longer with us, but we know that is not true. We know that, again, as Ms. PLASKETT just mentioned a second ago, since 2016, there has been a disturbing number of incidents that have occurred, a disturbing number of things that have been said, things that have been tweeted, the rise of the altright, and so many other things that we should be concerned about. The Southern Poverty Law Center supports this very claim. This organization has collected over 1,300 reported bias incidents between the day after the election and February 7. Let me point out, because I know that, sadly, there are some people that will cast doubt towards the Southern Poverty Law Center, but the Southern Poverty Law Center has done a tremendous job over the last couple of decades or so of not only helping identify people that commit acts, but groups like the KKK, neoNazi groups, and others. Quite frankly, I don’t know why anyone would want to try to undermine or put down an organization that wants to put down groups like that, like the KKK, skinheads, and Nazis. It makes no sense. I hate when I hear people say bad things about the Southern Poverty Law Center because of the time, money, and effort that they put into fighting groups like I just mentioned. Let me be clear, because oftentimes when we talk about race, it turns into a very divisive topic, and we don’t need for this to be a divisive topic. We need to sit down, come together, and talk because we need to create an opportunity here in America where we can change people’s attitudes and make sure that our Nation’s history is not repeated. b1930 I also think that, as parents, we have to openly talk about race, bigotry, and hate with our children. One of the things that disturbs me as a parent and, quite frankly, just as a proud American is I will hear people say: Well, I don’t say racist things in my house, so my kids would never hear that. If kids are saying racist things, then it must be because they are hearing it at home. But I have to tell you, as a parent of an 11yearold, I know that there are influences outside of my home. I know that there is a lot of peer pressure on kids. I know there are a lot of things on social media, and kids want to fit in. Kids want to be cool. So you can never utter one bad thing about a different nationality or race or someone of a different sexual orientation than yours in your house, and your kid could still end up being caught up in something bad like bigotry or racism just because of inappropriate influences at school. That is why it is important, in my opinion, that, as parents, we talk about this with our children, as uncomfortable as it may make us, but we need to have the discussion. We need to know and our children need to know that it is important to us that we recognize other people’s culture; that we recognize other people’s faith and sexual orientation and religion so that, as they are forming and they are growing, they understand that this is a nation that is a great nation that is open to everybody, regardless of race, ethnic, or gender background. I know that for some people, having to talk about racism, it can be very uncomfortable because it makes people guilty. A lot of times when it comes up or you are talking about this, you just—you hear people trying to come up with different examples to sort of assuage any sort of guilt that they may have. It makes them very uncomfortable. But, again, we have to tackle this headon. We have to come together to confront these issues of social injustice because it really is time that our Nation heals. It is time that our Nation heals and it is time that we break the chains of our plagued history. I know that we have other Members here on the House floor that want to talk, and I have some things that I am going to mention a little bit later, just some of the unfortunate incidents that have happened with the President, with the Commander in Chief, the history that he has with racism that I would, quite frankly, like to see him address. Whether it is HUD discrimination, Central Park joggers, after they were exonerated by DNA, I think that his comments were: ‘‘Well, they still did something bad,’’ so on and so on. Just some of the issues at the casino that he owned in New Jersey, we need to talk about those. Quite frankly, he can be a leader—he can actually be a leader in discussing these incidents that happened under his control and under his command, whether it was at his private corporation or whether it was commenting on the Central Park joggers, about how it was a learning experience for him, how he is never going to let it happen again, and how he is never going to let those words utter out of his mouth. But before I go into that, I am going to turn it back over to the Representative PLASKETT from the Virgin Islands. I, again, thank her very much for kicking this off. Ms. PLASKETT. Congressman VEASEY , I think it is important, one of the things you talked about is what is going on in our homes and the fact that our children can be radicalized outside of the home. This is an opportunity for us as Americans to see the victimization even of those children who become a part of the altright, who become a part of neoNazi groups; that they are, in fact, being radicalized by these very disturbing groups, and that we, as leaders in America, have a responsibility. That is why I am asking unanimous consent to have the letter that was written by Chairman CEDRIC RICHMOND  put into the RECORD —the letter of June 7 that went to the FBI, to Homeland Security, as well as to the Justice Department to ask them to investigate and take proactive stances; not just to protect those individuals who are victimized when violence occurs, but to protect those young people and others who may be untowardly influenced by social media to become part of these groups. I think that is a great point that you bring up, as well as our President becoming someone who can lead the charge against this. We see the rise of this activity during his campaign and after his election. Well, then our President needs to be the one to be Presidential and to stem this influence and this rise of hate crimes that are taking place. Mr. Speaker, at this time I am asking that our colleague, DONALD PAYNE , from the great State of New Jersey, who has done an amazing amount of work in his own community in the area of Newark in trying to stem violence and criminal justice, the reform work that he is doing, to speak on this matter this evening. I thank him so much for the time that he is giving us. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. Well, first, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Congresswoman PLASKETT , and the gentleman from Texas, MARCVEASEY , for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour on such an important topic: racism and discrimination. Before I begin, I want to take a moment to mark the 1year anniversary of the Pulse Nightclub shooting and to remember the 49 lives that were cut short in the deadliest mass shooting in our Nation’s history. As we grieve for the victims and their families, we must continue to stand in solidarity with the survivors and with the LGBTQ community against hate, intolerance, for love, in support of our Nation’s values of equality and dignity for all. 
The kind of intolerance, hate, and violence on display that day in Orlando has become an alarming trend in this country, a trend that has disturbingly been fueled by President Trump. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, 37 percent of the 1,094 biasrelated incidents in just the first month after the election referenced the President, his campaign slogans, or his remarks about sexual assault. As he did throughout his campaign, President Trump continues to speak the language of racial and cultural grievance, pitting Americans against one another and perpetuating the viciousness he pretends to despise. The result is what you would expect: a spike in hate crimes and hate speech. I have seen in my district in New Jersey where antiSemitic graffiti was plastered on a pedestrian bridge. We have seen it at American University and just down the road at the National Museum of African American History and Culture, where nooses were found last month. Communities of color know this pain all too well. Mr. Speaker, I am really fortunate to be able to discuss an issue of such importance to this Nation. This is one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. You know, I have been very fortunate in my life to have been born into a situation where a great American prior to me held this seat for 23 years in the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey. His name was Donald Payne. He was my father and he afforded me a lifestyle, one of which I did not know of his suffering and pain growing up as a young African American in this country. But even in that situation, I have found myself—irrespective of being in that position, I found myself in situations that have been dangerous and uncomfortable. As a young, 20yearold—you know, when we are 20, we do things that we probably shouldn’t be doing at times. I was on my lunchtime going downtown to pay a bill at a department store where I had my first credit card, and I was running late. So what I decided to do was make a Uturn on the main street, Broad Street, in Newark, New Jersey, which is the largest street in the town. And I made a Uturn to come in front of the store. Naturally, you know, with my luck, a motorcycle police officer was coming down the street at the same time. So he pulled me over, as he should, and I was wrong. But I was using my cousin’s car. So when he asked me for my license and registration, I could not find the papers that I needed and I was fumbling and nervous. The officer leaned into the car and used the Nword and said: If you don’t find those documents in a minute, I will throw you so far under the jail that they will never find you. So this is very frightening for any citizen to go through. So I was able to get my license, and I handed it to him. Just before that, they would throw me so far under the jail that they would never find me again. Once I handed him my license and it said that I was DONALDPAYNE , Jr., whose father was a sitting councilman in the city of Newark, his whole attitude changed. ‘‘Don’t you know that you could get hurt, or you could hurt someone, or you have to be careful.’’ A minute ago I was nothing. I would be so far under the jail, they would never find me. But now that I am connected to something or someone, all of a sudden we have become paternal. Mr. Speaker, there are millions of people in this country that aren’t connected to someone, and these are the types of things that they go through. So I am just here to say that we must be vigilant. I believe in this country; I believe in its greatness. I believe in the words in the Pledge of Allegiance. I believe in the Constitution. We must make it work for all Americans. Ms. PLASKETT. Thank you so much, Mr. PAYNE , for your words, your enlightenment, and for sharing that very personal piece of you and your own experience. There are so many African Americans and so many people of color in this country who have those exact same experiences. Whether it is us, personally—I know I have mine exactly like that. You know, I have four sons, and each one of them have had that kind of experience here in this country. With the rise of hate that is occurring, we have to be careful for every American and we need to be concerned that this country is no longer becoming a safe place for groups of individuals; that there are people that are rising up and attempting to terrorize other Americans. This should be of concern to Congress. This should be of concern to our President. I thank Mr. PAYNE again for that. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield to Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE from Texas, who sits not only on the Budget Committee, but, very relevant to our discussion this evening, is one of the senior members of the Judiciary Committee, as well as Homeland Security Subcommittee, where so many of these issues form a confluence. Thank you so much for being with us this evening, Congresswoman JACKSON  LEE. We look forward to your remarks and to the enlightenment that you will be giving us here in this Chamber as well as the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Well, first of all, it is my honor and privilege to thank Congresswoman PLASKETT for her ongoing leadership in speaking to our colleagues and the American people. Let me take a moment of personal privilege to say to her that, over the weekend in Texas, I was with a number of individuals from the Virgin Islands, and it certainly was my first task to tell them of the excellent representation that they were getting by her leadership on so many issues. But to you, I want to say that we were at the commissioning of the USS Gabrielle Giffords, and proudly so. The commander of that ship is from the Virgin Islands, so there was a contingent of individuals from all over the country for recognizing the commander and his wife. Let me say that I made sure that those sailors knew who was supporting them as well. It certainly was a great honor to former Congresswoman Giffords, and there wasn’t a dry eye as we did that. So I just wanted to add that and thank you for your indulgence of that. If I might, let me also acknowledge my colleague on the floor, Congresswoman VALDEMINGS , and Floridians who are here, just to make note of the commemoration of the tragedy at the Pulse Nightclub. b1945 This is the area in which the Congresswoman policed, if you will, and her spouse still there leads the community in law enforcement. I will honor to those who lost their lives, but to the recognition that terrorism and hateful acts are not to be accepted by any of us. As a good friend of mine, a Muslim, said yesterday as we stood against hateful acts against Muslims around the world, and particularly around the United States, he said that the way that we deal with this danger is to love in recognition of the human dignity of all. To the LGBTQ community, my deepest sympathy and recognition in this month that we honor and have Pride Month that we recognize your deep involvement in this country and your right to human dignity. So I thank Congresswoman PLASKETT for allowing me to engage in that statement. Let me say that I would hope that none of us would have wanted to be on the floor tonight to talk about the changing face of America since the election of the President of the United States but, in fact, to recognize that there has been a surge in discrimination throughout this Nation. The roots of racial extremist violence against peaceful Black communities runs deep in American history: from this country’s dark path of chattel slavery; to the southern lynch mobs that sought to permanently disenfranchise the Black vote; to the church bombing that killed four little Black girls in Birmingham; to the dismantling of an entire economic district in Tulsa; and to the senseless stabbing, just a few weeks ago, of a bright, young man by the name of Richard Collins III. I am sad that the election of President Trump—and I am not sure whether this has been brought to his attention. I would like to bring it to his attention—has created a divisive atmosphere. Trump’s political debut was centered on the racist birther movement, which questioned the citizenship of thenPresident Obama. 
He was not in office then. And to some, it was a little humorous; some were shocked. Certainly, the Black community did not take it humorously. This was a Senator who had been duly elected by the citizens of Illinois. He had done nothing to bring in commentary on himself personally. He sought the Presidency of the United States. He offered to the American people all of the documentation that would be required, yet Donald Trump persisted for 5 years in insisting, through fake news, that he was not a citizen of the United States of America. During his political campaign, he repeatedly refused to reject the endorsement of White supremacist groups. He failed to condemn supporters who shouted out racist slurs, and, on occasion, violently attacked protestors who happened to be an AfricanAmerican woman, in particular. In a nation completely comprised of immigrants, he has built a hateful movement around building a wall. And to my friends who are Hispanic, particularly Mexicans, he called them drug dealers and any number of names. This country has prided itself on the value of immigration, of diversity, and, certainly, freed slaves who have come to make this country the great country that it is. Overall, his antiimmigrant incidents were the most reported, 315 incidents; followed by antiBlack, 221; antiMuslim, 112; and antiLGBT, 109. So I just want to take a moment to add to my commentary, the things that I think are grossly horrific; that we should realize that this is not a time for the CBC to be on the floor casting blame. Let me also, as I acknowledge Congresswoman PLASKETT , thank our chairperson, Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND , for his really unceasing leadership of the Congressional Black Caucus and the work that he has done to make sure that we astutely have the information to be the conscience of Congress. These are the pictures of hatred. This is the individual who killed the young man that—I don’t want to show the wrong picture—but this is a picture of an individual who was engaged in the killing of two individuals, I believe in Portland, Oregon, because they were trying to defend someone of a different background. We have a noose found hanging near a school in Washington, D.C. This is a picture of that. This has all happened since the election of President Trump. We have an incident, June 9, 2017, The Washington Post says, ‘‘‘Shut up, Slave!’: A spilled Starbucks drink led to a racist tirade and sidewalk fight. . . .’’ I don’t know if people are under extreme tension, but this is all happening in 2017. We have another one: A day without racism? Not for Trump’s administration. The Department of Justice is dismantling, or lowering the Civil Rights Division, cutting the staffing that is there. Hate crimes in the U.S. rising. These are the kinds of things. And tragically, here is a handsome, beautiful, young man who was taking his commission and getting ready to graduate, Richard Collins III, and he was killed. Let me finish on these points about the criminal justice system that I think is very important. Black Americans are more likely to have their cars searched. Black Americans are more likely to be arrested for drug use. Black Americans are more likely to be jailed while awaiting trial. Black Americans are more likely to be offered a plea deal that includes prison time. Black Americans are more likely to serve longer sentences than White Americans for the same offense. Black Americans are more likely to be disenfranchised. We also know that we have statistics, that I will offer into the RECORD , of Black American youth who are more likely to be included in the juvenile detention center, police stops, police searches, use of force during arrest, juvenile arrests, transgender arrests. Sixty percent of the transgender arrests are Black or Latino; arrests for marijuana. Most Blacks are not likely to get pretrial release. More Blacks are likely to be prosecuted. More Blacks are likely to get prison versus community service. Length of incarceration is longer than Whites. State judge incarceration, there are 208,000 people in State prison for drug offenses; 32 percent are White, 68 percent are Black. Federal drug convictions are higher among African Americans. Fortyseven percent were Hispanics, and we are higher than those. Federal court sentencing, and, of course, incarceration of women African Americans are higher. Sentencing to life without parole, African Americans are higher, 65 percent. Hiring people with criminal records, that makes it very difficult for us to work, and eliminating the right to vote. So, Congresswoman, I will close by simply saying, where is the President on standing with the moral compass of asking the hatred to stop; to really empower a Department of Justice not to be led by an individual who has fought against voting rights, fought against the rights of those who are seeking to be rehabilitated in the criminal justice system; to join a bipartisan army of individuals against mass incarceration? Where is the President in standing against the hatred that has impacted the AfricanAmerican community? The words that he has said, where is the President in stopping this onslaught that is generating into violence in the streets? Where is the moral compass of this administration? If it is not you, Mr. President, the Congressional Black Caucus will not take a back seat to you. We will fight and bring this country back to where it should be, and that is a country that believes in the equality of all Americans, and the African Americans who have died and bled in wars, and have been slaves, and, in essence, came through a reformation to be free. We will not take a back seat to all of this hatred. I ask you, Mr. President, where are your answers? Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman VEASEY and Congresswoman PLASKETT for anchoring this important special order on ‘‘Racism and Discrimination in America.’’ For over 40 years the CBC has been at the forefront in the fight against the evils of racism, discrimination, marginalization, and the various manifestations of institutionalized racial bias. In today’s uncertain times, we must be more steadfast than ever to continue that fight. No matter what your party identification is, I believe we can all agree that we must root out extremist violence everywhere, and especially within our borders. And while we are all committed to eliminating ISIS and all its sympathizers, we must not underestimate the threat of domestic terrorism and domestic violence by racial extremists. Throughout the history of this country, AfricanAmerican communities have faced innumerable threats from those who don’t comprehend that there is value within our nation’s diversity. The roots of racial extremist violence against peaceful Black communities runs deep in American history: From this country’s dark past of chattel slavery, to the southern lynch mobs that sought to permanently disenfranchise the Black vote, to the church bombing that killed four little girls in Birmingham, to the dismantling of an entire economic district in Tulsa, to the senseless stabbing of a bright young man by the name of Richard Collins III just a few weeks go. As a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, or the ‘‘Conscience of the Congress’’, I call on this body to do all it can to stem the rising tide of racial violence. Although progress has been made, President Trump’s divisive rhetoric, and the actions of his followers, have shown us that we still have much work to do before all of America can feel safe. Consistent rhetoric of intolerance coming from Trump’s campaign and now his administration has not only put a target on African American communities, but also on Mexican Americans, MuslimAmericans, women, and those within the immigrant population. The election of Donald Trump has had a significant effect on the nation’s race relations: Trump’s political debut was centered on the racist ‘‘birther movement’’, which questioned the citizenship of then President Obama for months. During his political campaign, he repeatedly refused to reject the endorsement of white supremacist groups. He failed to condemn supporters who shouted out racist slurs and on more than one occasion, violently attacked protesters. In a nation completely comprised of immigrants, he has built a hateful movement around building a wall to keep them out. 
This country has prided itself on being the melting pot of the world. The bastion of freedom of equality. Violence against any person based on their class, color, or creed is not only immoral, it’s antiAmerican. We must condemn, denounce, and seek to eliminate these acts of racial terror with the same fervor that we would when dealing with religious extremists. I have to quote former Attorney General Eric Holder who stated, ‘‘Though this nation has proudly thought of itself as an ethnic melting pot, in things racial we have always been and continue to be, in too many ways, essentially a nation of cowards.’’ Regardless of who resides at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., this body, the people’s chamber, has a responsibility to do all that it can to ensure the safety of all Americans. That is why I, along with my colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus, have sent out a letter to the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the acting director of the FBI urging them to allocate more time and resources to curbing the recent uptick in violence. Incidents of Racialized Violence Since the Election: The Southern Poverty Law Center has conducted a report on incidents of racialized violence following the Presidential election. There were over 1000 violent attacks reported within a month of the election. Overall, antiimmigrant incidents were the most reported at 315 incidents, followed by antiblack (221 incidents), antiMuslim (112 incidents), and antiLGBT (109 incidents). Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman for her leadership on issues related to the Judiciary Committee and to others. At this time, I would like to invite the Congressman, not just from New York, but from, of course, what I believe is the best, most illustrious borough in New York City—Brooklyn, of course, which is where I was born and raised. Thank you so much, Congressman JEFFRIES , for your leadership on the Judiciary Committee, your discussions about the issues that we are discussing here this evening, and I am waiting to hear what you are going to not only present to us here in this Chamber but to the American people on this issue. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for yielding, and for the phenomenal job that you have done, along with my classmate, the distinguished gentleman from Texas, Representative MARCVEASEY . As you know, I have great affection for the fact that you have a significant connection to Brooklyn. We say back home, there are two types of Americans: those who live in Brooklyn, and those who want to live in Brooklyn. But, certainly, this is a significant issue, that the Congressional Black Caucus has gathered here today to discuss during this hour of power, the opportunity for members of the Congressional Black Caucus to speak directly to the American people on an issue of great significance. Since January 20, we have seen a disturbing increase here in America in antiimmigrant, antiMuslim, anti Black, antiLGBT, and antiSemitic acts. And the question is: Is this just a coincidence, or could it possibly have something to do with the election of the 45th President of the United States of America? Now, in part, what we are seeing is connected to a historic backlash that has often occurred throughout this journey that we have been on here in America, that whenever we make significant progress, there is always a backlash amongst some in America who have got a problem with the fact that we have done things designed to be more consistent with our values of liberty and justice for all, equal protection under the law. We know slavery was the original sin here in America. That was corrected in the aftermath of the North’s victory during the Civil War. We had the reconstruction amendments: the 13th Amendment, abolish slavery; 14th Amendment, equal protection under the law; 15th Amendment, the right to vote regardless of race. That was progress in America followed by the inevitable backlash. The imposition of Jim Crow laws; a lynching epidemic; Black code, segregation, particularly through just the Deep South. Progress followed by backlash. And then finally, in the 1960s, in an effort to create a more perfect union and address the unfinished business in America, you had the civil rights movement, anchored with the ‘64 Civil Rights Act, effectively ended Jim Crow; the ‘65 Voting Rights Act, giving African Americans in the Deep South, people of color throughout the country the right to vote, unimpeded from things like grandfather clauses, and poll taxes, and other types of shenanigans that people were practicing; the 1968 Fair Housing Act capped off the civil rights movement, followed by the inevitable backlash. Richard Nixon ran a racist campaign, a southern strategy, designed to appeal to aggrieved Whites in parts of this country, particularly in the Deep South, ushered in an era of resistance to the progress that had been made, antibusing, antiaffirmative action. And then, of course, we have got Barack Obama who was elected in what many of us viewed as an incredible step in the right direction. African Americans, having gone from the outhouse to the White House. Eight years of tremendous progress in moving this country forward, followed by the election of Donald Trump, a man who spent 5 years perpetrating the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of America. And many of us are wondering, why were so many people who worship at the altar of White supremacy drawn to Donald Trump’s campaign? What was it about this individual that so many folks dripping in hatred flocked to his candidacy? That is not to say that everyone who voted for Donald Trump is a racist. We do know that every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. That is a problem. And so, again, I just ask the question in closing: Is this all a big coincidence? We know part of it is the backlash that has often occurred whenever we have made progress in America. But this President has a responsibility to address the rise in hate crimes that have taken place on his watch, whether or not his election is directly connected to it. Many of us have our own suspicions, but he is the Commander in Chief. b2000 He has got to tell his Attorney General, who is straight out of central casting in terms of the good old boys: Your job as chief law enforcement officer in the land is to enforce the laws whether you like them or not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands may continue. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). Mr. JEFFRIES. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I will simply say that every single thing that has been said—and I would urge you to challenge anything as a fact. In fact, there are facts that have been left out in terms of my remarks about the 45th President of the United States. I have actually been kind of gentle as it relates to the person who is occupying 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue right now, but more to come. I would welcome the Speaker to dispute anything that has been said in the name of us trying to move this country forward consistent with the notions of equal protection under the law and liberty and justice for all. Ms. PLASKETT. I thank Congressman JEFFRIES and I really appreciate his remarks. I know that this House has rules and is concerned about decorum in here. We at the Congressional Black Caucus are also very concerned about decorum. While we uphold the position of the President of the United States, many individuals—particularly constituents, the underserved within our communities—are fearful about us actually speaking out, specifically to the personage and to the person of President Donald Trump. What we are trying to do in this Special Order is speak unrefutable facts; not about the personality, not subjective discussion about the President, not our feelings, and not our fears, but the actual facts of what has happened in this country and what is happening in this country because that is life for our children, that is the very essence of us continuing, and that is what democracy is about. If we cannot critique the actions of our President, then that is very fearful 
to us as Americans and very fearful to this House, which is supposed to be a separate branch of government and which I recall maybe a year ago it speaking very vehemently against the person who was in the White House at that time. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN ), who is my classmate. I thank Congresswoman WATSON COLEMANfor her work, particularly in working with other Congressional Black Caucus women to found the Caucus for Black Women and Girls, which is very important right now because this is a forgotten group quite often here in the United States, and the gentlewoman is advocating and speaking out for those individuals. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman so much for her leadership and this Special Order hour and considering this subject matter that we are going to discuss. I want to talk a little bit about something that has sort of been my observation and my experiences for a very long period of time and I think that are actually exacerbated by this Presidency that we currently have in this House. Let me, by way of association, just comment positively to the remarks of my colleague and the former speaker, HAKEEM JEFFRIES from New York. I entitled my remarks ‘‘From the Cradle to the Grave.’’ From the cradle to the grave, Black people in America are required to be resilient, courteous, and persistent. The rules are always different. From the cradle to the grave, Black people in America must be comfortable and confident in ourselves, but only so much so that we do not intimidate or aggravate. From the cradle to the grave, Black people in America are told our plight, our struggle, and our sacrifice is a mere fantasy in postracial America while we witness the reality of institutional racism, conscious discrimination, and our rich history erased or appropriated. From cradle to grave, Black people in America experience this racism and discrimination walking home from the corner store eating a pack of Skittles, listening to music at a gas station, or simply sitting in our neighborhood park. We experience this racism and discrimination showing up to school in our natural hairstyles, shopping in our favorite stores, or even just showing up to work—including the Senate and the House of Representatives. Last Wednesday, it was reported that Black troops are far more likely than their White counterparts to face court martial or other forms of military punishment. National data shows us that Black girls are 5.5 times more likely to be suspended from school than White girls. That rate actually balloons in my State of New Jersey to 8.5 percent. More than 60 years after Brown v. Board of Education, school systems in the United States are still separate and unequal. As of 2014, California had 31 open desegregation cases. In 2016, a Presidential candidate ran a campaign on divisive rhetoric that targeted our communities, our wellbeing, and our safe spaces. It only gets worse. From the cradle to the grave, we are told to calm down, sit down, and be courteous and humble. From the cradle to the grave, the experiences, the challenges, the stories, our history, and even our very being are kept out of boardrooms, classrooms, voting booths, department stores, history books, movie screens, television scripts, and the like. But let me just tell you that, from the cradle to the grave, we are built to persevere, we are strengthened to overcome, we are born to lead, we are committed to uplift, and we are fully equipped to soar with weights on our shoulders even in these times and even under this Presidency. And guess what. We do. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman very much for her inspiring words and motivation to us all. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E VANS ). We always bring up the fact that Congressman DWIGHT EVANS is a freshman, but he isn’t really a freshman. Everybody acknowledges his leadership in his work in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the State house that transcends him as a freshman. We call the gentleman a superfreshman in that respect because he comes with a great deal of experience and wisdom here to the House floor. I am very anxious to hear what the gentleman has to speak about related to hate crimes and the rise of domestic terrorism against people of color and against minorities here in this country. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for her leadership, along with my colleague from Texas, because both of them have demonstrated real clear leadership for the Congressional Black Caucus and the leadership of our chairman, CEDRIC RICHMOND . So I thank both of them publicly for what they have done and all of the members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot to lose under the Trump administration. It has been very clear, as has been stated by all of my colleagues, from healthcare to food policy, to education, to affordable housing, the President and his party continue to look for ways to take away what we have come to know as fundamental programs behind building stronger neighborhoods. Our Nation is facing challenging times and we simply cannot afford to carry on business as usual. From the nooses found at the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture to the racial slur spraypainted on LeBron James’ house during the NBA finals and attacks against Jewish community centers and vandalism in Jewish cemeteries, our country and our globe are sadly seeing horrific increases in discrimination and racially biased incidents. Dr. King always said: We have come over here in different boats, but we are now in the same boat. I really mean just that. Think about it: an attack against one of us is an attack against all of us. We know we have come a long way in our fight against racial intolerance and hate in our country, but our journey continues. It doesn’t matter if you are Black, Jewish, Hispanic, or LGBT. We are stronger together when we celebrate both our similarities and our differences. When we watch the news, it is incredibly upsetting to see what is still happening in 2017. A little over a week ago at the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture here in D.C., we found another noose on the Smithsonian grounds. The museum’s founding director said: ‘‘It is a painful reminder of the challenges that African Americans continue to face.’’ We know that we are not only seeing violence and intolerance against the AfricanAmerican community, but it is everywhere. This year at the Mount Carmel Cemetery, a Jewish cemetery just outside of my district in northeast Philadelphia, countless tombstones were toppled and vandalized. Days after this, the JCC in Wynnewood in my district received a bomb threat. These are just a few of the truly cowardly acts of violence taking place in our neighborhoods, yet our Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, and the President claim to be tough on crime. They want to put more people in cities behind bars. This weekend, Mr. Speaker, I was the keynote speaker at Gaudenzia, an addiction treatment and recovery center in my district. The graduates are some of the strongest individuals in our city, and their stories of perseverance and hard work are truly inspiring. I always say: Where you start is not where you end up. Throughout my career, I have been dedicated to trying to find ways to build stronger neighborhoods block by block. To do this, we have to make good jobs, great schools, and access to healthcare a reality. We know the tradition and reentry back into our neighborhoods isn’t always easy. In Philadelphia, ShopRite supermarket is hiring to give goodpaying jobs to those who formerly were incarcerated. The company estimates they have given over 500 jobs to formerly incarcerated individuals. This is the result in one city. Sadly, we know that racism and bigotry are still a factor in our communities. We have to confront this head on. As the Congressional Black Caucus 
collectively stands here today, we will not accept what is taking place. We are prepared to face these challenges, and we are asking others to join us because we recognize that we can move this country forward, but it will take all of us. So what we are doing here today is raising the awareness because we must have this conversation in a public way. We must deal with this issue of racism, noninclusion, and discrimination. No longer can we accept this. Mr. Speaker, I say to you today: As a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, we are prepared to do our part. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for his remarks and continued work to discuss middle communities, middle neighborhoods, and the importance of these communities and how they need to be protected. Congressman VEASEY , we have had a discussion here this evening about so much of the rise in hate crimes and the rise of racial tensions. I know that this weekend Puerto Rico had its plebiscite in which they talked about becoming a State. One of the things that I often talk to people about is the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Northern Mariana Islands, and Puerto Rico, all of us are territories now after 100 years. It was never the intent of Congress for areas of the United States to be a territory for 100 years except for the fact that these are now people of color. These are communities of people of color. So based on the insular cases 100 years ago which said that the people living in the territories and offshore territories were people of alien races who couldn’t understand AngloSaxon principles of law, that is why we were not able to have the fullfledged rights of American citizens. b2015 Now we are seeing, even here on the mainland, individuals, people of color, who are being treated as secondclass citizens and who are not afforded the full protection of this country. When you have incidents like on May 20 with Richard Collins, on May 26 with Jeremy Joseph Christian, who began shouting racial slurs at two women on a Portland, Oregon, train, and as the two men stepped in to deescalate the situation, those two great men were stabbed to death, and a third man was wounded, much needs to be done. We have our moments of silence when there are mass shootings. We mourn for the families of Pulse nightclub and for what happened in those areas. But it is not enough for us to have Special Order hours, to have discussions, or even have moments of silence. Action must be taken by this administration. Mr. VEASEY. Absolutely. We do need action taken by this administration, Representative PLASKETT . I mentioned to you earlier that I wanted to talk about the President’s history on racism and some of the things that came out in the campaign—not anything new but, nevertheless, very disturbing—and why we need for the President honestly to lead this discussion. GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order hour. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I know that there were other issues that the gentleman wanted to discuss with regard to some of these and examples that he wanted to give as well, and I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. VEASEY. Very briefly, we have the President’s history on racism from the very beginning of his candidacy, of course, and the way he disparaged Mexicans and Mexican Americans in this country by calling people rapists and accusing people of bringing disease and crime into the United States, pretending that he didn’t know who David Duke was. It is unbelievable, pretending to not know who David Duke was. Ms. PLASKETT. I think he knows now. Mr. VEASEY. Even condoning the beating of a Black Lives Matter protester, his history extends before that. Of course, it was very well covered, very well chronicled during the campaign about the Justice Department suing his real estate company and his father’s real estate company for not renting apartments to Black people, not renting apartments to African American potential tenants. Of course, they ultimately settled that lawsuit because of the wrongdoing that happened there. Ms. PLASKETT. That was in the 1970s, I believe. Mr. VEASEY. The gentlewoman is absolutely correct. In 1989, he encouraged and celebrated the wrongful imprisonment of the Central Park Five and took out fullpage ads in New York area newspapers calling for the return of the death penalty in response to a very infamous case in which a woman was beaten and raped while jogging in Manhattan’s Central Park. Back then, before he was President, Donald Trump said: They should be forced to suffer, and when they kill, they should be executed for their crimes. I want these murderers and always will. Of course, there was a lot of public outrage over that case. It was very well talked about. It was on all the talk shows and what have you. Those men wrongfully spent time in prison because the DNA evidence exonerated them. Ms. PLASKETT. Actually, they weren’t men at the time. They were teenagers. Mr. VEASEY. They were teenagers at the time. Even after the DNA evidence exonerated them, he still said that maybe they could be guilty of something. I thought that was a terrible thing to say. Of course, the New Jersey Casino Control Commission fined Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino $200,000 in 1992 because managers would remove African American car dealers at the request of certain bigtime gamblers that would come in. In 1996, 20 African Americans in Indiana sued Trump for failing to honor a promise to hire mostly minority workers for a riverboat casino on Lake Michigan. Let me tell you why, even despite this, the President has the ability to lead a discussion on race. You might remember Shirley Sherrod. I don’t know if that name rings a bell with you. She was an AfricanAmerican agricultural worker who worked for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Georgia Department of Agriculture, and was given an example of how she overcame her own bias and her own racism. Of course, her comments were misconstrued and the tapes were made to sound one way. She ultimately lost her job. She was offered her job back after it was proven this conservative newspaper had actually tried to disparage her so they could have some sort of a racism equivalent or something to try to make the readers feel better. The reason why I bring that up is because here was a woman that was being honest about and trying to give an example about how she overcame bias and how she overcame prejudice. The President has an opportunity to talk about Central Park, to talk about racism in his apartments, to talk about the issues at the casino, to talk about the other areas in his life where he has fallen quite short when it comes to fairness and honesty and racism. So we need him to lead that discussion so we can begin to talk more and begin to heal our country. Ms. PLASKETT. Part of leadership is expressing your shortcomings and using that as an opportunity to move forward and to move the Nation forward. So many people look to our President for his leadership and for his thoughts and his outofthebox thinking. This would be tremendous not only to the people who are being oppressed, but to others as well. One of the things I wanted to leave us with was a quote and some work that the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law is working on, that has a mission to secure equal justice for all through the rule of law, targeting, in particular, the inequities confronting African Americans and other racial and ethnic minorities. In December 2016, Kristen Clarke, who is the president, stated: ‘‘Hate 
crimes and hatefilled incidents stand as a dark cloud over our democracy. The recent spike in hate crimes is attributable, in part, to racially charged rhetoric that characterized the 2016 election cycle and the rise of ‘altright’ white nationalist extremism. This is a moment that calls for Federal, State, and local officials to use every tool in their arsenal to fully investigate and prosecute these incidents when they occur.’’ And we from the Congressional Black Caucus say, as well, to eradicate this from our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 2016 presidential election was an exceptionally bitter fight between Republicans and Democrats. The election highlighted many of the existing divides between many Americans and the underlying frustrations that we have been wrestling with as a people. Couple this with the resentful partisanship that we have experienced in Congress, and it is quite clear that there are deep rifts dividing our country. However, one of the biggest consequences of this partisan bickering and inability to compromise has been the increase in the frequency of hate crimes across America. The latest figures from the Southern Poverty Law Center estimate that there have been nearly 1,372 bias incidents between the day after the election and February 7, when these statistics were last reported. SPLC is collecting selfreported data from across the country in an effort to monitor ‘‘bias incidents’’—or acts of hostility that are motivated by racism or other prejudices—across the United States. While it is important to acknowledge the limitations of selfreported data, this trend is consistent with several other incidents reported nationwide that have challenged the notion that we are living in a postracial society. For example, several nooses were found throughout our nation’s capital this month— one near an elementary school, another in the African American Museum of History and Culture, and on American University’s campus. On June 2, a Muslim couple was allegedly harassed in Oregon and told to go back to their country. More prominently, two men in Portland were stabbed to death and another wounded when they tried to intervene on behalf of two women, one of whom was wearing a hijab, who were being verbally assaulted by a man yelling slurs. Mr. Speaker, these are just a few of the horrendous incidents being reported in the wake of this election and the hateful rhetoric that has come to define the political narrative. However, I am here to join my colleagues not only to denounce these actions and hateful words, but also to remind ourselves that we are better than this. We are better than this as a people and a nation, and we must all do our part to discourage this behavior and hold these violators accountable. Until we all take active roles within our society and democracy, we cannot reasonably expect our society to overcome these challenges and emerge a stronger society. I am proud to join my colleagues tonight in sending a clear message that these acts of hatred and violence will not be tolerated. Not today, not ever. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
HONORING PULSE NIGHTCLUB VICTIMS IN ORLANDO The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) for 30 minutes. 
Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, as I stand here tonight before you, in my hometown of Orlando, thousands of people are gathered at Lake Eola Park like they were 1 year ago to mourn, honor, and pay tribute to the 49 lives we lost on January 12, 2016. We were with them earlier today. We would love to be with them tonight, as we were last year, but we are here doing the job we were elected to do. I am joined tonight by my colleague—I am absolutely honored to serve with him—Representative DARREN SOTO. We stand here tonight on the floor of the House of Representatives together so the world will not forget the lives we lost in the Pulse nightclub shooting. It was supposed to be like any other Saturday night for the men and women inside the Pulse nightclub. I can only imagine the excitement they shared that evening as they celebrated birthdays and friendships. Mr. Speaker, they were out for what my bishop likes to call latenight fellowship. Then, at 2:20 a.m., when everyone was closing their tabs for the night and about to head home, it was then that an ISISinspired gunman, motivated by hate, walked into the club and opened fire. Within a matter of minutes, he was able to kill 49 people and wound so many others. The innocent men and women in the club didn’t stand a chance against him that night. We lost 49 lives. Their full potential will never be known, and we will always wonder, when we think about their lives, what could have been. Many others continue to recover from their visible and invisible wounds. In the days and weeks following the Nation’s deadliest mass shooting, we saw our community come together in beautiful ways. We mourned with those who lost their loved ones. We came out in droves to donate blood for the survivors who needed it. We showed support and gratitude for our law enforcement officers, our first responders, and the nurses and doctors who acted with courage and bravery in the face of unimaginable tragedy. We embraced and celebrated the diversity that makes Orlando ‘‘The City Beautiful.’’ We showed the world that we are a city who defeats hate with love. One year after the shooting, the wounds are still fresh and the scars are still not fully healed, but our community is resilient and united in the face of this tragedy. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Florida, (Mr. SOTO). Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida, Representative VALDEMINGS . First of all, I thank her for her service in law enforcement and also for her husband, Jerry Demings’ service in law enforcement and to remember the 1year mark of the Pulse nightclub shooting. b2030 I wrote a poem entitled: ‘‘Our Pulse Still Beats.’’ 
Inspiration from a brother lost too soon A place for his memory to play the tune Alas his pulse ceased A safe place for a rainbow of people Full expression was presented throughout this steeple They all danced to the pulsating sounds Then came a night of celebration For many friends from many nations On the move to impulsive grooves In the midst of the night a dark figure entered Hatefilled heart and soul a splintered His guns pulsating death. Horrors, and cries, as bullets fly Some they ran and some they died Their pulses ceased to be Brave officers infiltrated the scene A melee ensued amidst the smoke and gleam And in the end terror was silenced, the repulsive vanquished Medics and firefighters quickly came to the rescue Seeking out those who cried out with fading hues Come quick he is still breathing, wait she has a pulse In makeshift ambulances staining ER floors in red One by one saved from the dead On the monitor, pulses finally steady beep, beep, beep In the morn Orlando awakes in sadness But comes together as One above the madness The pulse of the city is unspeakable grief and unbreakable love From everywhere we came to the Center, the Bloodbank, the Lake, and the Streets We gave our time, our pennies, our blood, our hugs, and our eats Donors with a strong pulse are needed to replenish our stock Makeshift monuments grew before our eyes We gathered at Dr. Phillips for those we lost and those still alive As the bell rang 49 times, sorrow became the natural impulse, but so was unity This emotion, this grief, this love was felt around the world By mothers and fathers, boys and girls A community pulsating with sadness and defiant hope Our happy little tourist town known for magic Became the site of history’s most violent shooting, tragic But our community’s pulse still beats One year later one community stronger Our pulse still beats For those who survived 
Our pulse still beats And for those we lost Our love still remains For the 49 angels our love still remains Though pain will ever be in our hearts Our love still remains. 
Mrs. DEMINGS. I want to thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. SOTO) for that very beautiful and inspiring poem that really captures not only the tragedy that occurred in Orlando at the Pulse Nightclub that night, but the heroic acts, how our community came together, and really provides the hope that our community needs in moving forward. Mr. Speaker, no one can tell the story better than the family members who lost their loved ones that night, the survivors who were within the club that night. At this time, we would like to share some of the letters from family members and survivors. The first letter that I would like to share comes from a mother who, if you were watching at all during the early hours of this tragic incident, this particular mother was going around asking anyone who she could about her son, trying to find him, trying to get word of him. I would like to share a mother’s story from Christine Leinonen. ‘‘My son was one of the 49 people killed at Pulse Nightclub on June 12 of 2016. Those were 49 humans who collectively could have lived another 2,500 years. That is longer than we have had civilization. They were moms, dads, siblings, kids, straight, gay, Latino, Asian, Caucasian. They were your constituents. They deserved better than to die in a flurry of bullets. ‘‘My son Chris was a happy, quirky, goofy young man and had been from baby on. He was every mother’s dream to hit the kid lottery. He was an only child, and I never married. I couldn’t have loved him more. ‘‘He became a licensed mental health therapist. He loved his work and his personal life. ‘‘Chris had many friends. Chris and his boyfriend, Juan, were one of at least three couples to die together that night: another Juan and two Luises. Chris was one of two Christophers to die that night and at least six Christophers who died or survived. The magnitude of the killing is that there were so many names repeated. ‘‘My son was a loving and giving person. He was someone who was going to be my righthand man as I became old and incapacitated. Now I have no one. ‘‘Chris lived his life with love and kindness. He was a walking, talking United Nations, inclusive of all; not by design, but because he cared about character, not race, gender, sexuality, or ethnicity. He lived a life of inclusion. You would have loved him if you knew him, whether he was your child or friend or cousin or coworker. The world has a little less joy without him in it. ‘‘Hugs and kisses, Christopher’s mom.’’ And at this time, I would like to yield to my colleague from Florida (Mr. SOTO), who will continue to share. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman DEMINGS for sharing Chris’ story. A coworker of mine, Ramses Tinoco, who survived the Pulse Nightclub shooting, sent me this letter entitled ‘‘Everlasting Unity.’’ ‘‘My name is Ramses Tinoco, and I am a Pulse Nightclub shooting survivor. I thank God for giving me the opportunity to continue with my life so that I can spread empowerment, compassion, love, and unity. ‘‘I want to express my feelings and point of view. Realistically, as a community and nation, we all suffered a tragic attack of terror on this oneyear remembrance of June 12, 2016. Today, this is known as the biggest mass shooting in American history. Here at the doorsteps of Pulse Nightclub, let’s take in consistent consideration of the ones who ultimately suffered the most: the victims, families of the deceased, the injured survivors, the other survivors who were there and escaped by God’s grace, and the community who stood by, grieved in the aftermath. ‘‘As a community, we have been given an opportunity to rebuild ourselves as stronger individuals and help those that are falling behind in depression, anguish, lament, and grief. As a community, we must show that constantly we are not alone, we are united more than ever, and, above all, that we are better than yesterday. ‘‘This attack was a terrible and unfortunate tragedy to live through. It was an ultimate reminder that there is still a lot of discrimination and hate in this world. However, we must engage, learn from it, and utilize it to confront and prevent future fear in our community and ultimately the rest of the world. We can’t be stronger if we fuel hate and negativity. We can’t be stronger by pointing fingers and censoring others based on their race, financial status, sexual orientation, and religious beliefs. ‘‘Our world is facing some hard times. Everyone is becoming a victim. How can we stop this and end the fear? We must stand up and speak out for our rights, for our peace and protection, and for the safety of our country. Above all, we need to engage solidarity and equality for the love of humanity. We can begin to make this world a better place, right here, right now. It starts with you going out and doing something nice for someone. We need to live in a world free of fear. That time begins now. ‘‘Ramses Tinoco’’ of Orlando, Florida. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative SOTOfor his remarks. I would like to continue to share letters from the survivors of Pulse. The next letter that I will share comes from Brandon Wolf. ‘‘It is hard to believe it has been a year. That Saturday night was like any other: loud music, skinny jeans, cheap drinks. Alongside my best friends, Drew Leinonen and Juan Guerrero, I was as free as ever. Standing outside on the patio, in his typical way, Drew tossed his arm around my shoulders and spoke his last words to me: ‘You know what we never say enough? That we love each other.’’’ Those were the last words that Drew spoke that evening. ‘‘ . . . I learned a lesson from Orlando’s recovery: that equality and unity aren’t trophies, and the journey we are on isn’t over. We can’t take our eyes off the prize or forget what lies ahead. ‘‘We have to disarm hate. Silence it. Snuff it out. Replace it with the same message Drew had for me: love. ‘‘Brandon Wolf.’’ At this time, I yield to my colleague from Florida (Mr. SOTO) to share another letter regarding this tragic incident. Mr. SOTO. I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) for sharing Brandon’s story. Next we have a story from a friend. ‘‘My name is Jim McDermott, and I am a good friend of Chris Brodman who was the first survivor of the Pulse massacre to pass away of a rare brain aneurysm on September 11 of last year. Chris came to Orlando and made it his home in the fall of 2007. His outgoing, natural interest in other people and their stories made him quite popular in our community—and we are still grieving his loss to this day. It is hard to imagine that his constant, wonderful smile is not around anymore to brighten our days. ‘‘He was and is the best friend one could ever have. ‘‘Chris was celebrating at Pulse a few days late because he had to work on the actual day of his birthday itself. He was lingering with friends, enjoying the festive atmosphere of the club that was one of his favorites, when the attack began. In what I find to be an example of his character, Chris pushed his friends to safety over the back fence first before escaping himself. Not one person who knows him finds this to be a surprise, as Chris was always our protector, our confidante, and our hero. ‘‘As we come upon the oneyear mark of the assault on Pulse, we wanted to remind the world of his heroism and his daytoday loving example of how a great person can affect your life for the better. Chris loved people that were utterly themselves and unique. He prized authenticity and loyalty wherever he went. He had high standards, and he lived by them, and it made us want to live up to them as well. ‘‘I know in my heart that he would want us to bridge the divides that separate us. He believed strongly in forgiveness and kindness. He was open to new ideas and new ways of thinking if it would lead people to a better life. My favorite recent picture of him was after the shooting where he proudly held up 
a sign at the LGBT Center downtown saying: ‘Love always wins.’ ‘‘In his memory, let us strive to remember not just the victims of this tragedy but the survivors as well. Let us ensure that they are getting the counseling and medical care that they continue to need. We should strive to maintain the loving bubble of hope that has surrounded our city, because of this event, despite all of the strife and division elsewhere in this country. We need to tell, preserve, and remember their stories, for they are worth hearing.’’ b2045 ‘‘They have important lessons to teach all of us. Orlando is known as being the premier destination in the world for families of all kinds—a rainbow of diversity that is infused in every aspect of our city beautiful. So today let us protect the loving vision Orlando has become around the world in the face of this tragedy. Let us stay Orlando Strong. And in so doing, we remain the beautiful haven that drew Chris to us. ‘‘And let us never forget the red haired boy from Shirley, New York, who taught us about unconditional love and friendship from the day he arrived. ‘‘We love you forever, Chris. ‘‘Sincerely, ‘‘Jim McDermott.’’ Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I would like to share a survivor’s letter by the name of Joshua McGill. ‘‘My name is Joshua McGill, and I was there the night of the Pulse shooting a year ago. ‘‘Although nothing will ever take away that tragic night for me and the fellow LGBTQ community, not only for Orlando, but for all people around the world that were affected by this form of hate towards our community, I must say that we have not let hate win thus far, and continue to spread love and prayers for one another and for the other families and victims that were either there that night, or affected in some way. ‘‘It has been a true honor in seeing how close everyone has come together. It shows our strength as a whole and the love that we can all provide for one another in a time of need. ‘‘The continuance of all of this gives me hope for my future in the community and in the world. May God bless you and everyone out there. ‘‘I’ve become a stronger person since then, and if my strength can help others, I want to. ‘‘Thank you for hearing my words. ‘‘Joshua McGill.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield again to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO), my colleague. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida, Congresswoman DEMINGS , my colleague, for reading the letter of Joshua. How inspiring it really was. Next we have a statement from our dear friend, Eric Rollings, who is one of our supervisors of the Orange County Soil and Water Board, and who also is one of our only openly gay elected officials. ‘‘As an openly gay elected official and Orlando resident for 27 years, I know the city and Orange County very well. We are a loving, caring community that supports the rights and pursuit of happiness for all of our residents. One year ago this very day, we were devastated to feel the loss of so many lives from every part of all of Orlando. Yes, Pulse by name was a gay nightclub, but it was attended by everyone and all walks of life felt safe dancing and having a good time for more than a decade. ‘‘As the night became dawn and the horror of the extent of what happened became painfully available by every media outlet, I didn’t need to listen to news reports because I live right across the street from Pulse. The sound of the blades from the helicopters above my house cut through June air, day after day, looking for a better camera angle. Out of so much pain came so much love. ‘‘Immediately Orlando went into action. The outpouring of love from everywhere in the world is still so incredible. The help came from faithbased organizations, the small stores, corporate America. Most of all, it came out of love and our neighbors. I hope this never happens to your community or any community, but it most likely will. Let me offer some advice. ‘‘Love thy neighbor, know your neighbor, and take care of your neighbor. Do not wait until another tragedy. Talk to your children about violence. Let’s help the persons that suffer from mental illnesses. ‘‘There is a significance and real difference between a city that is tolerant, a city accepting, and a city that embraces the LGBTQ and all its communities and individuals within those communities. I am proud to live in a city and a county that embraces! We are Orlando Strong and we are Orlando United.’’ Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share this last survival letter for tonight. It is from Eric Borrero. It says: ‘‘Dear Congress, ‘‘It is to me how fast one year has gone by. The horrifying emotions and feeling of that night have not fleeted. Instead, they lay dormant in the recesses of my mind, bubbling up like lava in a moment’s notice from unforeseen triggers. ‘‘It is like living on a roller coaster: having great moments over the past year, making things feel absolutely normal; and extreme lows, feeling as if I will never come out of the darkness. ‘‘Even through the disturbing images of the past, I am optimistic about the future I have ahead of me. I can fully grasp that life will never go back to the normal that I once knew, but this experience has helped me focus on what is needed in the world. That is love and inclusion for all people. ‘‘Over the past year, I have had the most amazing support system of friends and family, who have been there for me as I have cried and battled the demons that lay with me when I sleep. ‘‘These feelings have not changed since that night, but I remain positive and stand with my LGBTQ and Latinx brothers and sisters for a better future for everyone. ‘‘Regards, ‘‘Eric Borrero.’’ Mr. Speaker, I would like to share that, today, Representative SOTO, Representative STEPHANIE MURPHY , and I introduced a resolution to recognize and mark one year since the Pulse tragedy. We were joined by 143 Members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, who are standing to show the community of Orlando that we stand with them in support; that Congress will not forget the victims, the survivors, the first responders, and the communities that are shattered by the hands of domestic terrorists; and that we will do everything we can to prevent future mass shootings, and take care of the people who are left standing in the wake of these tragedies. Mr. Speaker, our community declared June 12, 2017, Orlando United Day, a day of love and kindness. All across our community, people are coming together to honor the victims by volunteering and attending vigils and memorials. We are a community that will never forget. We won’t forget those 49 innocent men and women who were sons, daughters, mothers, husbands, wives, students, teachers, entrepreneurs, and dreamers, who had a lot of life left to live. We are a community that will continue to honor these men and women, not through our words, but through our actions. Mr. Speaker, I thank God for Representative SOTO, for his service to our community. I am honored to serve with him in the United States Congress. I appreciate the work that he has done for the last several years throughout our community. I was honored to share this Special Order with him. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a list of the names of those who perished in the Pulse Nightclub shooting. 
[From www.cityoforlando.net, June 12, 2017] VICTIM ’SNAMES  Stanley Almodovar III, 23 years old; Amanda L. Alvear, 25 years old; Oscar A. Aracena Montero, 26 years old; Rodolfo Ayala Ayala, 33 years old; Antonio Davon Brown, 29 years old; Darryl Roman Burt II, 29 years old; Angel CandelarioPadro, 28 years old; Juan Chavez Martinez, 25 years old; Luis Daniel Conde, 39 years old; Cory James Connell, 21 years old. Tevin Eugene Crosby, 25 years old; Deonka Deidra Drayton, 32 years old; Simo ´n Adrian Carrillo Ferna´ndez, 31 years old; Leroy Valentin Fernandez, 25 years old; Mercedez Marisol Flores, 26 years old; Peter Ommy Gonzalez Cruz, 22 years old; Juan Ramon 
Guerrero, 22 years old; Paul Terrell Henry, 41 years old; Frank Hernandez, 27 years old; Miguel Angel Honorato, 30 years old. Javier Jorge Reyes, 40 years old; Jason Benjamin Josaphat, 19 years old; Eddie Jamoldroy Justice, 30 years old; Anthony Luis Laureano Disla, 25 years old; Christopher Andrew Leinonen, 32 years old; Alejandro Barrios Martinez, 21 years old; Brenda Marquez McCool, 49 years old; Gilberto R. Silva Menendez, 25 years old; Kimberly Jean Morris, 37 years old; Akyra Monet Murray, 18 years old. Luis Omar Ocasio Capo, 20 years old; Geraldo A. Ortiz Jimenez, 25 years old; Eric Ivan OrtizRivera, 36 years old; Joel Rayon Paniagua, 32 years old; Jean Carlos Mendez Perez, 35 years old; Enrique L. Rios, Jr., 25 years old; Jean Carlos Nieves Rodrı ´guez, 27 years old; Xavier Emmanuel Serrano Rosado, 35 years old; Christopher Joseph Sanfeliz, 24 years old; Yilmary Rodrı ´guez Solivan, 24 years old. Edward Sotomayor Jr., 34 years old; Shane Evan Tomlinson, 33 years old; Martin Benitez Torres, 33 years old; Martin Benitez Torres, 33 years old; Jonathan A. Camuy Vega, 24 years old; Juan Pablo Rivera Vela´zquez, 37 years old; Luis Sergio Vielma, 22 years old; Franky Jimmy Delesus Vela´zquez, 50 years old; Luis Daniel Wilson Leon, 37 years old; Jerald Arthur Wright, 31 years old. 
Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleagues’ tribute to the victims of that terrible tragic murder spree by a radical Islamist who said he was doing it for the Islamic State. The attorney general herself indicated that we have a tape of him saying he is doing it for the Islamic State. There is nothing that justifies such an outrageous murder of even one innocent victim, much less the dozens that were mowed down by what could normally, in the old days, be said to have been a crazed killer. But he wasn’t so much crazed as he was driven by a radical Islamic agenda, the same radical Islamic agenda that caused 30 million, mostly Muslim, Egyptians to rise up. Coming near the anniversary of that event in Egypt, the greatest peaceful uprising in the history of the world, the Egyptians said: We don’t want a Muslim brother, we don’t want a radical Islamist controlling our country. It was rather tragic that the shooter—and I don’t want to give him any more notoriety than necessary, so I won’t mention his name—was not a lone wolf, as is so often supposed and we were led to believe repeatedly during the Obama administration. But as Reporter Patrick Poole indicates, he was yet another known wolf. The FBI knew he was and the local law enforcement knew who he was, which brings me to a point I wanted to discuss tonight. Robert Mueller is the special prosecutor who now needs to resign. He was the FBI Director that had the FBI training materials purged so FBI agents could not know what they were looking for in a radical Islamist. He changed the training. He purged it to please the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations. As one intelligence officer said: We blinded ourselves of the ability to see our enemy. That is what FBI Director Robert Mueller did. When challenged in a hearing where I was questioning him over the pitiful investigation of the Tsarnaev older brother after Russia had notified us twice in the United States of his radicalization, after the second time, finally, hohum, Mueller’s FBI not being adequately trained to recognize what a radical Islamist believes, how they act, what they do, what they are studying, what they are memorizing, what they wear, what their personal appearance is, they are not trained to recognize, they didn’t know what they were looking for. b2100 They didn’t know what they were looking for. They go out. The best we can find out, they talked to Tsarnaev, and he said, ‘‘No, I’m not a terrorist,’’ basically. So, not knowing what else to do, since Mueller had destroyed the proper training to recognize radical Islamists, they went and talked to his mother who assured them, ‘‘No, he’s a good boy; he’s not a terrorist,’’ and the result was people murdered and maimed at the Boston Marathon. The result of the FBI going after those who would try to teach others what real radical Islam was, the results of dumbing down the FBI and their ability to spot people who wanted to kill others in the name of Allah: people killed at Boston, people killed in Orlando. And it wasn’t any more the fault of guns in Orlando than it was the fault of a white truck in London. It is the people who use those weapons to kill; otherwise, it is a matter of defense, the great equalizer. The truck is a great means of conveyance. But Robert Mueller has created problems for this country, and there are a lot of people that are buried now. Perhaps they would, perhaps they would not be deceased if Robert Mueller had done his job and had been as concerned about finding radical Islamists in America as he was—as he told me, they didn’t go to the Boston mosque where Tsarnaev surely gave evidence of being radicalized. That is not his words. I said: You didn’t even go to the mosque to find out, to talk, to investigate. The best he could do is come back and say: We did go to that mosque as part of our outreach program, part of the lovely sit down, chat, have some tea, whatever—I don’t know what they had, water, whatever it was—make merry, chat. While Tsarnaev was plotting to murder many people, as many as he could at the Boston Marathon, Bob Mueller and his FBI are making merry at the Boston mosque that he did not even know who started it. I asked him that. He didn’t know. I said: Did you even know that al Hamoudi started that mosque? No, he didn’t know that. AlHamoudi is doing 23 years—23 years—in Federal prison for supporting terrorism. And as I understand, I had heard that that was more to the credit not of Mueller’s folks, but of help from England. How ironic is that? But I see that I have a friend here. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ). 
Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I love everything about west Texas. I love the beautiful sunsets and the starry nights. I love that our farmers and ranchers feed and clothe the American people. I love that we produce more fossil and renewable energy than any other region in the United States. People from all over the country rely on west Texas to make America great, but the greatest contribution from our region is our people. The people of west Texas have a distinct friendliness, a cando spirit, a humble demeanor, a unique sense of humor; and on April 10, 2017, we lost one of our very own who embodied these attributes like no one else. Former head football coach at Texas Tech and favorite son of west Texas, Spike Dykes carved his legacy into the bedrock of our region and into the hearts of hundreds of student athletes and thousands of fans across this country. A small town kid from Ballinger, Texas, who achieved his wildest dreams of becoming a Division I head football coach, Coach Dykes went on to lead the Red Raiders to seven straight bowl seasons and was later inducted into the Texas Sports Hall of Fame. I had the honor of calling Spike Dykes ‘‘Coach’’ for a short time when I walked on the Texas Tech football team, and later I had the honor of calling him my friend. We are all saddened by his passing, and our prayers are with his children and my friends, Rick, BeBe, Sonny, and their families. Thank you, Coach, for your colorful wit and country wisdom. Thank you for leaving a legacy of love for people and all things west Texas. Thank you for teaching us that in life, like the game of football, it is not whether you win or lose; it is who you are; it is how you play the game. God doesn’t make them any better than you, Coach. God bless. Mr. GOHMERT. I thank my friend from Texas, a great, noble tribute. I wish that it were I who was standing here to say glowing things about people that have been running the FBI; but President Trump as a candidate said he wanted to come drain the swamp, and the more we dig, the more it appears to be a swirling cesspool up here. 
We had a man who had been running the FBI who came before the Senate, a Senate committee and testified that he did a memo after talking to President Trump, that he had never felt the need to do a memo after talking to President Obama or President Bush or to take notes like he did; but he was afraid that Trump might lie sometime in the future, and so he felt it important to do a memo, to write some notes. That is what he said. Rather incredibly, he didn’t find a need to do a memo after Attorney General Loretta Lynch, according to him, told him what really has to be a lie. She knew that Hillary Clinton was being investigated for a crime. It was a criminal case, a criminal investigation. She directed FBI Director Comey not to use ‘‘investigation,’’ use ‘‘matter.’’ Well, it was an investigation, and to say anything other than that was a lie. But how ironic that he was afraid Trump might lie in the future; whereas, he had an Attorney General that made him feel a little uneasy, but he didn’t write any notes. So what about his credibility? Well, he said he took those notes as a recollection refreshed. And those of us that have tried cases, been judges, you know, we know that past recollection recorded can be an exception to the hearsay rule. But if he signed an FBI employment agreement, which people are supposed to sign, it should have included these words: ‘‘All information acquired by me in connection with my official duties with the FBI and all official material to which I have access remain the property of the United States of America. I will surrender upon demand by the FBI, or upon my separation from the FBI, all materials containing FBI information in my possession.’’ That means that if an FBI agent, Director, FBI employee makes notes, makes a memorandum to refresh his recollection later, it is not a personal piece of property any more than what Sandy Berger stuffed in his socks was personal property to him. It doesn’t matter that he prepared it. It was done while being paid by the FBI, on FBI time, regarding FBI matters. As FBI Director, he was talking to the President. How ironic, also, we have no memos after President Obama made the basic statement that he didn’t think Hillary should be prosecuted. We haven’t heard any outcry from the great Director Comey about how wrong that was. What an obstruction of justice by President Obama. We didn’t hear any of that. I mean, that is about as direct as you can get when the President was talking on television and told the world, and the fact that you may say it out front to the world doesn’t make it any less intimidating or directional than if you look somebody in the face one on one and tell them. It is not a defense to say it on television, and yet he wasn’t concerned by that. So we start looking a little deeper since it appears he wasn’t being honest about being his personal property, and you would like to think that he had a good legal education, but Alan Dershowitz has made clear that the FBI—there is nothing wrong if the President tells him we are not prosecuting this individual for this crime. I am pardoning him here and now. He has the power. All power that Director Comey has is derived from his boss, the President. So why would he go back and do a memo and consult or, I believe the more proper word is ‘‘collude’’ with others at the Justice Department about what the President said? Because, make no mistake, if any of those individuals at the Justice Department who were colluding with James Comey after he met with the President, if they thought there was an obstruction of justice and they didn’t report it as they did not, then they committed a crime. So why would they not report it? It appears there can only be one answer. Surely they did not intend to commit a crime by misprision of a felony if they really believed it were obstruction. So it appears, since they clearly did not think that there was obstruction of justice in the President’s use of the word ‘‘hope,’’ then they must have surely applauded James Comey’s writing of a memo, writing of notes so that he could pull it out later and use it to go after the President. There can be no other reason that he did what he did. He either committed a crime by not reporting obstruction as soon as he possibly could, or he was colluding with his colleagues to bring down the President of the United States. So, the more we find as we dig, the more of a cesspool it appears to be here in Washington. Mollie Hemingway has done an extraordinary job today from The Federalist. She goes through, she has an article: ‘‘James Comey Has a Long History of Questionable Obstruction Cases.’’ I wish I had remembered these, and I feel a bit guilty that I didn’t realize at the time these things were going on, the miscarriage of justice that was occurring at the hands of James Comey and Bob Mueller. She brings up Frank Quattrone, ‘‘a banker who Comey pursued relentlessly on bankingrelated charges without fruition. But while he couldn’t find any wrongdoing or criminal conduct, he went after him for supposed ‘obstruction of justice’ because of a single ambiguous email. Sound familiar? ‘‘Before he was indicted’’—talking about Quattrone, before Quattrone was indicted—‘‘Comey made fall statements about Quattrone and his intent. The first trial ended in a hung jury, but the second one got a conviction. ‘‘That conviction was overturned in 2006. Quattrone was so scarred by the harassment’’—by Comey—‘‘he began funding projects designed to help innocent people who are victims of prosecutorial overreach or other problems.’’ b2115 ‘‘He said his motivation for supporting such projects was that at the very moment he was found guilty in the second trial, he realized there must be innocent people in prisons who lacked the financial resources to fight for justice. He also started the Quattrone Center for the Fair Administration of Justice at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. ‘‘Quattrone has noted, with interest, the disparities in how he was treated by Comey for a single ambiguous email compared to his handling of Hillary Clinton’s email server scandal,’’ with thousands, tens of thousands of email. How about Martha Stewart? ‘‘You might remember Martha Stewart being sent to jail. You might not remember that James Comey was the man who put her there, and not because he was able to charge her for anything he began investigating her for. The original investigation was into whether Stewart had engaged in insider trading. They didn’t even try to get her on that charge. Gene Healy wrote about it in 2004, warning about Federal prosecutorial overreach.’’ By Comey, of course. He said, ‘‘Comey didn’t charge Stewart with insider trading. Instead, he claimed that Stewart’s public protestations of innocence were designed to prop up the stock price of her own company . . . and thus constituted securities fraud. Stewart was also charged with making false statements to Federal officials investigating the insider trading charge—a charge they never pursued. In essence, Stewart was prosecuted for ‘having misled people by denying having committed a crime with which she was not charged,’ as Cato Institute Senior Fellow Alan Reynolds put it. ‘‘The pursuit was described as ‘vindictive’ in The New York Times and ‘petty and vindictive’ in The Daily Beast. ‘‘But she still served a 5month prison sentence.’’ Stephen Hatfill, and this is one that really gets me to my core. I did not remember the outcome, and I feel guilty, but I was handling felony cases back in Texas at the time. ‘‘The FBI absolutely bungled its investigation into the Anthrax attacker who struck after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Carl Cannon goes through this story well, and it’s worth reading for how it involves both Comey and his dear ‘friend’ and current special counsel Robert Mueller. The FBI tried—in the media—its case against Hatfill. Their actual case ended up being thrown out by the courts: ‘‘Comey and Mueller badly bungled the biggest case they ever handled. They botched the investigation of the 2001 anthrax letter attacks that took five lives and infected 17 other people, shut down the U.S. Capitol and Washington’s mail system, solidified the 
Bush administration’s antipathy for Iraq, and eventually, when the facts finally came out, made the FBI look feckless, incompetent, and easily manipulated by outside political pressure. ‘‘More from Cannon, recounting how messed up the attempt to convict Steven Hatfill for a crime he didn’t commit was: ‘‘In truth, Hatfill was an implausible suspect from the outset. He was a virologist who never handled anthrax, which is a bacterium. Ivins, by contrast, shared ownership of anthrax patents, was diagnosed as having paranoid personality disorder, and had a habit of stalking and threatening people with anonymous letters—including the woman who provided the longignored tip to the FBI. So what evidence did the FBI have against Hatfill? There was none, so the agency did a Hail Mary, importing two bloodhounds from California whose handlers claimed could sniff the scent of the killer on the anthraxtainted letters. These dogs were shown to Hatfill, who promptly petted them. When the dogs responded favorably, their handlers told the FBI that they had ‘alerted’ on Hatfill and that he must be the killer. ‘‘When Bush administration officials were worried about the quality of the case Mueller and Comey had, the two men assured them. ‘Comey was ‘‘absolutely certain’’ that it was Hatfill,’ Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said. ‘‘Such certitude seems to be Comey’s default position in his professional life,’’ Cannon wrote. He shouldn’t have been certain in this case. After the six years the FBI spent destroying his life, they settled a $4.6 million lawsuit he filed and officially exonerated him.’’ Good work, James Comey and Bob Mueller. You ruined the life of a man with no evidence at all, but told the Bush administration, oh, we are absolutely certain this is the guy. What about Scooter Libby, and Judith Miller? I didn’t remember this: ‘‘After pressuring John Ashcroft—I am reading through the article—‘‘After pressuring John Ashcroft to recuse himself from the responsibility on the grounds of potential conflicts of interest, Comey gave Patrick Fitzgerald, his close personal friend and godfather to one of his children, the role of special counsel into the investigation of the leak of Valerie Plame’s identity as a CIA employee. Some conflicts of interest are more important to Comey than others, apparently. ‘‘Fitzgerald immediately discovered that Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage was the leaker. Of course, the FBI and Department of Justice had known that all along, so Comey’s push for a special counsel is . . . intriguing.’’ There was no reason for a special counsel. The FBI knew it. The Department of Justice knew it. They pushed for one anyway. Comey was at the middle of it. Mueller, you know, his close friend, of course, but Fitzgerald was the godfather of one of his children, for heaven’s sake. ‘‘The 3year investigation was a cloud over the Bush administration’’— which didn’t seem to bother Comey at all, oh, of course not—‘‘and resulted in nothing but the jailing of a journalist’’—who was protecting a source, even though they didn’t need it. Wow, how meanspirited—‘‘. . . and a dubious prosecution of Scooter Libby for, wait for it, obstruction of justice. Comey was unconcerned about the jailing of journalists and never threatened to resign over this infringement on First Amendment freedoms.’’ And it talks about Hillary Clinton in this article, but I am telling you, Mr. Speaker, this is a scary time in America. You have this article from John Hinderaker, June 10, Power Line, quoting Senator WARNER : ‘‘And so, in all of your experience’’— he is talking to Director Comey—‘‘this was the only President that you felt like, in every meeting, you needed to document, because at some point, using your words, he might put out a nontruthful representation of that meeting?’’ Comey says: ‘‘That’s right, Senator.’’ He goes on: ‘‘. . . I had a oneonone meeting with President Bush about a very important and difficult national security matter. ‘‘I didn’t write a memo documenting that conversation either—sent a quick email to my staff to let them know there was something going on, but I didn’t feel, with President Bush, the need to document it in that way, again, because of—the combination of those factors just wasn’t present with either President Bush or Obama.’’ This article goes on to point out that is simply not true. That was a lie. And whoever remembered that a book named ‘‘Angler’’ was written by Barton Gellman, with Comey as his big chief source, went so far as to be able to quote the conversation after working with Comey, and in the footnotes from the ‘‘Angler,’’ it says: ‘‘Quotations from the BushComey conversations are taken verbatim from unclassified notes describing Comey’s report of the meeting shortly afterward.’’ But Comey’s email that he says he just let them know that there was something going on, here is what he said in his email, because it was printed in ‘‘Angler.’’ ‘‘The President just took me into his private office for a 15minute, oneon one talk. Told him he was being misled and poorly served. We had a very full and frank exchange. Don’t know that either of us can see a way out. He promised he would shut down 5/6 if Congress didn’t fix FISA. Told him Mueller was about to resign. He just pulled Bob into his office.’’ Yeah, he didn’t just say something was going on. He told him what happened. He memorialized that visit with a note, and then in the book, it is word forword, according to Mr. Comey, what was said, and it makes him to be out all American, clean, honest, upstanding, fine law enforcement officer, when it turns out he was anything but that. ‘‘The real pattern,’’ as it says here at the end of the article is that, ‘‘Comey is a snake in the grass who creates tendentious, selfserving memos that can later be used to cover his own rear end or to discredit presidents, but only if they are Republicans.’’ Gellman’s phrasing was clumsy in the article, but this is serious stuff that it turns out, oh, four members of Mueller’s team have donated to Democrats. Well, isn’t that cozy? Comey closely coordinated with Mueller on Trump testimony. We heard from the FBI Director that he actually did collude with other members at the Justice Department. It is so clear. There are people at the Justice Department out to get President Trump, out to get Attorney General Sessions. They are out to get every one of them, and just the way they did, the man they said there was no question was the culprit in killing people with anthrax, that was a lie. And they don’t care who gets hurt. It is time to dismiss the special prosecutor; see if we really need one because now we know that Comey manipulated the system exactly the way he manipulated it when he told John Ashcroft he should recuse himself so he could appoint Patrick Fitzgerald, give him the appointment, that is. Enough is enough of Comey, of Mueller. It is time to drain the swamp, and they will go down the drain when we do. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CURBELO of Florida (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of his flight being canceled. Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through June 16. 
SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION REFERRED A joint resolution of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S.J. Res. 45. Joint resolution condemning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, expressing deepest condolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1873. A bill to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to enhance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution facilities on Federal lands by facilitating vegetation management on such lands; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 165, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1654. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new surface water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–166). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1109. A bill to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act (Rept. 115–167). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 338. A bill to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce (Rept. 115–168, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 446. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project (Rept. 115–169). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 447. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project (Rept. 115–170). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 627. A bill to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to provide for the dissemination of information regarding available Federal programs relating to energy efficiency projects for schools, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–171). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 951. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project (Rept. 115–172). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2274. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for extended periods relating to preliminary permits and commencement of construction, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–173). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2292. A bill to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam (Rept. 115–174). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2122. A bill to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam (Rept. 115– 175). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2457. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects; with an amendment (Rept. 115–176). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 378. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2581) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require the provision of social security numbers as a condition of receiving the health insurance premium tax credit, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 1094) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–177). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 379. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2372) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules relating to veteran health insurance and eligibility for the premium tax credit, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage (Rept. 115–178). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1873 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself and Mr. SMITH of Missouri): H.R. 2870. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax benefits for investments in gigabit opportunity zones; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 2871. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to compounding pharmacies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 2872. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to promote hydropower development at existing nonpowered dams, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. EVANS , Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. PERRY , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. MARINO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. DENT, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 2873. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 2874. A bill to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of private markets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2875. A bill to make administrative reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program to increase fairness and accuracy and protect the taxpayer from program fraud and abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. RASKIN ): H.R. 2876. A bill to require States to automatically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. L EE, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. KHANNA , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 2877. A bill to amend the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to prohibit any 
subsidy for flood insurance coverage for any property owned or operated by the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. TAKANO ): H.R. 2878. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit employment of children in tobaccorelated agriculture by deeming such employment as oppressive child labor; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself and Mrs. BUSTOS ): H.R. 2879. A bill to reform apportionments to general aviation airports under the airport improvement program, to improve project delivery at certain airports, and to designate certain airports as disaster relief airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 2880. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to promote closedloop pumped storage hydropower, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. CLEAVER , and Mr. M OOLENAAR ): H.R. 2881. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide payment under part A of the Medicare Program on a reasonable cost basis for anesthesia services furnished by an anesthesiologist in certain rural hospitals in the same manner as payments are provided for anesthesia services furnished by anesthesiologist assistants and certified registered nurse anesthetists in such hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ): H.R. 2882. A bill to authorize Federal agencies to establish prize competitions for innovation or adaptation management development relating to ocean acidification; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 2883. A bill to establish a more uniform, transparent, and modern process to authorize the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of international bordercrossing facilities for the import and export of oil and natural gas and the transmission of electricity; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 2884. A bill to amend section 2201 of title 44, United States Code, to require the preservation of presidential social media accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. KILMER ): H.R. 2885. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary heroism and lifesaving actions in Vietnam; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROYBALALLARD (for herself, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 2886. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen the provisions relating to child labor; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. T ROTT ): H.R. 2887. A bill to regulate certain State impositions on interstate commerce; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 2888. A bill to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. S OTO, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. DELANEY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. E VANS , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. HIMES, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. KEATING , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. MOORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N ADLER, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. RASKIN , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. RUSH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SHERMAN , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. VELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. BONAMICI , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ENT, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. HECK, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. CLAY, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. BEYER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. B ASS, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, and Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California): H. Res. 380. A resolution commemorating one year since the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, on June 12, 2016; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 2870. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 17. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 2871. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United State Constitution. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 2872. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2873. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 2874. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2875. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2876. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This proposal is introduced pursuant to Article I. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 2877. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution gives Congress the broad authority to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2878. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 2879. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: To regulate Commerce . . . among the several states; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 2880. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 2881. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 2882. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 2883. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 2884. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 2885. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Ms. ROYBALALLARD: H.R. 2886. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 2887. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the legislative powers granted to Congress by that clause to ‘‘regulate commerce . . . among the several States,’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 2888. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and regulations respecting the Territory of other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice and Claims or the United States, or any particular State. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 15: Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 110: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 173: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 184: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 305: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 350: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mr. NUNES . H.R. 351: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 355: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 358: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 367: Mr. WALDEN and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 371: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 377: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona and Mr. BRADY of Texas. H.R. 463: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 539: Mr. NUNES . H.R. 553: Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 564: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. FERGUSON , and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 592: Mr. AMODEI , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 627: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 671: Mr. KIND. H.R. 681: Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. R OGERS of Ala bama, and Mr. COLE. H.R. 714: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 721: Mr. DENT, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. BLUM, and Mr. C ONAWAY . H.R. 741: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 747: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C ARTER of Geor gia, Mr. LIPINSKI , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 750: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 807: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S HEAPORTER, Mr. D IAZBALART , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 820: Mr. VEASEY , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. BASS, Mr. P ERRY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 828: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 830: Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 846: Mr. CUELLAR , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 849: Mr. FASO, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. DESJARLAIS , and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 873: Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. S UOZZI , and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 916: Ms. ROSEN and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 927: Mr. KIND. H.R. 959: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 960: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1017: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 1034: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1038: Mr. BACON . H.R. 1046: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C OMER , and Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 1057: Mr. FERGUSON and Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1059: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1090: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. V ALADAO , and Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 1094: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1097: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1098: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 1111: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1136: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1148: Mr. POLIQUIN and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1150: Mr. BACON . H.R. 1154: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1158: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 1164: Mr. BOST, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. GAETZ , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 1168: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 1196: Mr. ROHRABACHER and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 1200: Mr. ALLEN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. N UNES , Mr. R OGERS of Ken tucky, Mr. ROSS, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, and Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 1223: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1225: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 1243: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1247: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 1265: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1270: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1272: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 1276: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1279: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 1291: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1299: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1316: Mr. FERGUSON and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1317: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 1318: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1334: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 1361: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. K IND, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 1393: Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. BACON . H.R. 1405: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 1422: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1434: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1441: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 1444: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1445: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 1456: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. CLEAVER , and Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 1472: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1478: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1501: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 1515: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 1587: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1606: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 1614: Ms. PINGREE and Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN . H.R. 1626: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 1635: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 1639: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1661: Mr. KILMER and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 1673: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1676: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1697: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. WESTERMAN , and Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 1698: Mr. HECKand Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1731: Mr. LAHOODand Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1817: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1838: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 1841: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1865: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. L ANCE , and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1884: Mr. B ACON , Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1902: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 1933: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1953: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1955: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 1988: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1991: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2023: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 2029: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 2046: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2047: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2048: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2055: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 2091: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 2147: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2150: Mr. COOK, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B OST, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 2152: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2174: Mr. BUDDand Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 2193: Mr. AMODEI , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B ARTON, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali fornia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 2205: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 2276: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2310: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 2315: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2327: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2339: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2340: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 2358: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 2428: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 2450: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 2451: Mr. SOTOand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2452: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. FITZPATRICK , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 2472: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 2476: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2480: Mr. CLAY, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 2499: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 2505: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2514: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 2519: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 2532: Mr. OLSON and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 2587: Mr. TONKO and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 2608: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 2616: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 2640: Mr. RASKIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. PINGREE , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 2652: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2659: Mr. VELAand Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 2678: Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. K IND, Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2690: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2701: Mr. DUFFY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2707: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2723: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. MESSER , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 2747: Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 2756: Mr. NOLAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 2774: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 2775: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 2776: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 2777: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2798: Mr. LANCE and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 2819: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2823: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 2827: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 2831: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 2840: Mr. POLIS, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 2841: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 2845: Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. RUSH, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 2855: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, and Mr. C ALVERT . H.J. Res. 102: Mr. CONYERS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. E VANS , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. H. Con. Res. 8: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. BARR. H. Con. Res. 49: Mrs. LOWEY . H. Con. Res. 61: Mr. BARLETTA . H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. POEof Texas. H. Res. 28: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H. Res. 69: Mr. MOULTON and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H. Res. 129: Mr. COLE. H. Res. 188: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 259: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. VALADAO . H. Res. 279: Mr. DEUTCH . H. Res. 282: Ms. ROSEN . H. Res. 307: Mr. FERGUSON . H. Res. 310: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. H ECK. H. Res. 317: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. C HABOT . H. Res. 359: Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. ROYCE of California, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. B OST, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 368: Mr. SOTO, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3381 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 2017 No. 99 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by 